--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
RAIFFEISENBANK A.S. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Czech Republic) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Note (in Czech, dluhopis) Programme  
Under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Note Programme (the Programme), Raiffeisenbank a.s., with its registered office at Hvězdova 1716/2b, 140 
78 Prague 4, Czech Republic, Identification No. 492 40 901, registered with the Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in 
Prague, Section B Insert 2051, LEI: 31570010000000004460 (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). This prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of 
Notes (the Base Prospectus) issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
Prospectus Regulation). 
Notes will be issued in bearer form (the Bearer Notes). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme (or, in relation to the nominal amount of any Notes which are not denominated in euro, its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the dealer agreement dated as of 25 April 2024 (the Dealer Agreement") will not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000, 
subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under Overview of the Programme and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together, the Dealers), which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see Risk Factors. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg (the CSSF) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that is the subject of this Base Prospectus and the CSSF assumes no 
responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency 
of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 
juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the Luxembourg Law). 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and have been listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date of approval in 
relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) or a specific 
segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in 
which case they shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances 
where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends upon expiration of 25 April 2025. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under Terms and Conditions of the Notes) of Notes will be set out in a final terms 
document (the Final Terms) which, with respect to all Notes will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of this Base Prospectus and Final Terms in 
relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s or the Rating Agency) is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. The Issuer may issue Notes which are unrated or rated by Moody’s or another rating agency. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings 
assigned to other Tranches of Notes. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. See Form of the Notes for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. The 
Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see Subscription and Sale. 
Arranger 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Dealers 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 25 April 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer with its registered office at Hvězdova 1716/2b, 140 78 Prague 4, Czech Republic, accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares to the best of its knowledge that 
the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
By approving this Base Prospectus, CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of 
the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. No other person 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus, other than the Issuer, is responsible for the information given in this Base 
Prospectus and any supplement thereto. This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with all 
documents which are deemed to be incorporated in it by reference (see Documents Incorporated by Reference). 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form 
part of this Base Prospectus.  
Other than the relevant parts of the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, 
no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Arranger or the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes: 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an 
offer, solicitation of an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Arranger or the Dealers to any 
person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent 
to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger and the Dealers expressly 
do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that to the best of its knowledge this 
information has been accurately reproduced and that so far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by such third party no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger 
or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including the Czech Republic), the United Kingdom and 
Japan: see Subscription and Sale. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO TAX REGIME OF THE NOTES 
This Base Prospectus describes in summary form certain Czech tax implications in connection with an investment 
in the Notes (see Risk Factors – Risks associated with the withholding taxation regime in the Czech Republic, 
Risk Factors – Risks associated with the evidencing of Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax Relief and 
Taxation). Investors must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct 
tax treatment of their Notes. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain financial measures presented in this Base Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference are 
not recognised financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union (IFRS) (Alternative Performance Measures) and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to 
the financial measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles. The Alternative Performance Measures are intended to supplement investors' understanding of the 
Issuer's financial information by providing measures which investors, financial analysts and management use to 
help evaluate the Issuer's financial leverage and operating performance. Special items which the Issuer does not 
believe to be indicative of ongoing business performance are excluded from these calculations so that investors 
can better evaluate and analyse historical and future business trends on a consistent basis. Definitions of these 
Alternative Performance Measures may not be comparable to similar definitions used by other companies and 
are not a substitute for similar measures according to IFRS. 
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN NOTES, SOCIAL NOTES OR SUSTAINABILITY NOTES 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any 
Notes issued as Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes (each as defined herein) or makes any 
representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use 
(including in relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the EU Taxonomy Regulation) and any related technical screening criteria, Regulation (EU) 
2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable 
and for sustainability-linked bonds (the EU Green Bond Regulation), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on 
sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector (SFDR) and any implementing legislation and 
guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may 
evolve from time to time. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use and allocation of proceeds for any Notes 
issued as Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds 
nor do any of the Dealers undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible Projects (as defined in 
Other related risks - In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Note, Social 
Note or Sustainability Note, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment 
criteria of an investor below) to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green 
Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes in full. 
In addition, none of the Dealers is responsible for the assessment of the Sustainability Bond Framework (as 
defined in Use of Proceeds below) including the assessment of the applicable eligibility criteria in relation to 
Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes set out in therein. ISS has issued an independent second party 
opinion, dated 4 May 2022, on the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework (the SPO). This SPO provides an 
opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or 
other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
preference or suitability of any security. The SPO is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. The criteria 
and/or considerations that formed the basis of SPO or any such other opinion or certification may change at any 
time and SPO may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein. The Sustainability Bond Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, 
updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ 
from any description given in this Base Prospectus. SPO is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. No representation or assurance is given by the 
Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of SPO or any opinion or certification of any third party made available 
in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Notes, nor is any such opinion or certification a 
recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. SPO and any other such opinion or 
certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. SPO and any other 
such opinion or certification do not form part of, nor are incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained 
for the lifetime of the Notes. 
ESG Ratings 
The Issuer’s exposure to environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks and the related management 
arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been or may be assessed by several agencies, as selected by 
the Issuer, among others, through environmental, social and governance ratings (the ESG ratings). The exposure 
of the Issuer to ESG-related risks was assessed by the independent ESG rating agency Morningstar Sustainalytics. 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG rating agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may 
differ. 
The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, 
or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained 
in the Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be 
deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the 
providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their 
determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the assessment methodologies used to 
determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant rating agency’s website (which website does not form a part 
of, nor is incorporated by reference in, the Base Prospectus. 
None of the Dealers, any of their affiliates or any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus has verified 
any ESG ratings and makes no representation as to any ESG rating comprised or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus. 
BENCHMARK REGISTER 
Amounts payable on the Floating Rate Notes (as defined below) will be calculated by reference, inter alia, to 
Constant Maturity Swap (CMS), which are currently provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), 
to EURIBOR, which is currently provided by European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), to PRIBOR, which is 
currently provided by Czech Financial Benchmark Facility (CFBF), to SONIA®, which is currently provided by 
the Bank of England, to SOFR®, which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, to 
€STR®, which is provided by the European Central Bank or other indices which are deemed benchmarks for the 
purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR® do not fall within 
the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI and CFBF are included 
in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation, while IBA does not appear 
on such register. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the Insurance

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. No key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.  
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled MiFID II Product Governance which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in point (e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor or 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled UK MiFIR Product Governance which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus or any supplement hereto;

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; 
(e) 
be aware that it may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with 
the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions; 
(f) 
ask for its own tax adviser’s advice on its individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and 
redemption of the Notes; and  
(g) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
U.S. dollars, U.S. $ and $ refer to United States dollars, the currency of the United States of America; 
Czech Koruna and CZK refer to Czech Koruna, the currency of the Czech Republic; and 
EUR, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
The definitions for the capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus can be found using the Index of the defined 
terms on page 348 of this Base Prospectus. 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any tranche of notes, the dealer or dealers (if any) named as stabilisation 
manager(s) in the applicable final terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilisation manager) may over-allot 
notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant tranche of 
notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant tranche of notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant tranche of 
notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules by the relevant stabilisation managers.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
CONTENTS 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 13 
1. FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER`S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................... 14 
2. RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES ...................................................................................................... 30 
CONSENT TO USE THE NOTES .................................................................................................................. 51 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................... 53 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .......................................................................................... 54 
FORM OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................. 55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND RELATED INFORMATION .................................... 56 
1. GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 57 
2. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES (GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION) ............................... 58 
OPTION I: EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN FÜR NACHRANGIGE 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN ................................................................................. 58 
OPTION II: EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN FÜR BERÜCKSICHTIGUNGSFÄHIGE 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN ................................................................................. 98 
3. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES (ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION) ..................... 143 
OPTION I: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUBORDINATED NOTES .................................. 143 
OPTION II: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ELIGIBLE NOTES ............................................... 180 
4. FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................... 222 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC AND REGULATION OF 
EMERGENCY MEASURES IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC ......................................................................... 285 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................................... 287 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................. 289 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................................................ 293 
RISK MANAGEMENT ................................................................................................................................. 306 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES ......................................................................................................... 313 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS ........................................................................................................ 321 
CZECH BANKING REGULATION ............................................................................................................. 324 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................... 331 
1. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS .................................. 331 
2. TAXATION IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC........................................................................................... 332 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................................... 340 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 345 
INDEX ........................................................................................................................................................... 348

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered 
to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
Words and expressions defined in Form of the Notes and Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall have the same 
meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, 
there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. These risk factors are set out under Risk Factors on 
pages 13 – 50 below and include: 
 
(a) 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme; 
 
(b) 
market risks; and 
 
(c) 
certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series of 
Notes. 
Description: 
Note (dluhopis) Programme 
Arranger: 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Dealers: 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG and Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see Subscription and Sale) 
including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Size: 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to 
time outstanding under the Programme (or, in relation to the nominal 
amount of any Notes which are not denominated in euro, its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer 
Agreement) is EUR 5,000,000,000 outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may 
be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg and, together with Euroclear, the 
ICSD), Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (CBF) and/or, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Yield 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the 
use of the ICMA method, which determines the effective interest rate 
of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. The 
calculation will be based on the assumption, that no interest step-up 
event occurs during the term of the Notes. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or regulatory reasons) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving notice to the 
holder of the Notes (each a Noteholder and together, 
the Noteholders) on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see Certain 
Restrictions above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €1,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
Taxation: 
As specified in the applicable Terms and Conditions, all payments 
in respect of the Notes will be made after deduction and withholding 
of current or future taxes, levies or governmental charges imposed 
by any Tax Jurisdiction, to the extent that such deduction or 
withholding is required by law. In the event that any such deduction 
or withholding is made, the Issuer may or may not be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted or withheld as 
provided in § 8 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions. 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any 
deduction or withholding required by FATCA, as provided in § 8 (2) 
of the Terms and Conditions and no additional amounts will be paid 
to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Status of the Notes: 
 
Subordinated Notes: The Subordinated Notes are intended to qualify 
as Tier 2 Instruments. The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and they 
constitute and shall be satisfied as subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer pursuant to Section 172(2) of the Czech Insolvency Act. 
 
Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes: The Notes constitute direct, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
 
Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes: The Notes constitute direct, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and they 
constitute and shall be satisfied as non-preferred senior obligations 
of the Issuer pursuant to Section 374b(1) of the Czech Insolvency 
Act. 
Rating of the Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Notes which are unrated or rated by any rating 
agency. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be 
the same as the ratings assigned to other Tranches of Notes. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this Base 
Prospectus as a base prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has also been made for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
German law. Although governed by German law, the Notes will be 
subject to those certain provisions of Czech law, such as provisions 
of the Czech Insolvency Act, the Czech Recovery and Resolution 
Act and any other provisions of Czech law applicable to or relevant 
for the Notes.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA, the Czech Republic, the United 
Kingdom, Japan and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, see Subscription and Sale. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing the Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible to 
identify all such risks as of the date of this Base Prospectus or to determine which risks are most likely to occur, 
as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant risks as of the date of this Base Prospectus and certain risks which 
it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the 
Issuer’s control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus the following factors which could materially 
adversely affect its business or ability to make payments due under the Notes. 
In addition, factors which have been identified as material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described in the list below.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors are presented in the individual categories depending on their nature with the most material risk 
factor presented first in each category.

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
1. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER`S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The risk factors regarding the Issuer and the Raiffeisen Group are presented in the following categories 
depending on their nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
• 
Risks Related to the External Conditions under which the Issuer Conducts its Business;  
• 
Risks Related to the Issuer's Business; and 
• 
Risks Related to the Regulatory Environment. 
Risks Related to the External Conditions under which the Issuer Conducts its Business  
Risks related to the overall economic conditions in Europe 
The financial strength and profitability of the Issuer's business could be adversely affected by worsening 
conditions in the global financial markets and global economy, particularly in the European Union (the EU), 
including the Czech Republic. Such a potential economic and financial downturn may be caused by various 
factors including, among others, investors' sentiment, low interest rates levels, inflation development, the 
availability and cost of credit, the liquidity on the global financial markets and the volatility of equity prices. All 
of these factors are able to significantly affect investors' appetite for bank financing and customers' ability to 
service and/or refinance their outstanding debt. There are many possible scenarios that investors should be aware 
of, for example (i) an economic downturn could adversely affect the quality of the Issuer's on-balance sheet and 
off-balance sheet assets and consequently lead to higher loan loss provisions, goodwill impairments and as such 
to a lower profitability of the Issuer; (ii) the unfavourable market sentiment could cause the Issuer to incur mark-
to-market losses in its trading portfolios; or (iii) a prolonged market downturn could have a negative impact on 
the fees the Issuer earns for managing clients' assets and, similarly, on the in-flows of assets under management. 
Additionally, significantly higher interest rates could adversely affect the long-term funding facilities. 
If the economic or political conditions deteriorate due to, among other things, concerns over the European 
economy, a slow-down of economic growth or a return of the European sovereign debt crisis, the resulting market 
disruptions could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
Also, the outbreak of the coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) in late 2019 and its development into a global 
pandemic had major economic consequences for the economy in the EU. Even though the EU is recovering from 
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which damped economic activity and eroded financial conditions across 
the European countries, there is no guarantee that any similar pandemics or outbreaks will not occur in the future. 
If such pandemics or outbreaks occur in the future, these may result in similar or more adverse effects as the 
COVID-19 pandemic, and could result in similar or further adverse effects on the EU economy. The following 
table shows the GDP growth of selected European countries in the years 2023, 2022 and 2021, showcasing the 
overall downturn in the GDP growth rate.1 
Country 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(in per cent.) 
Czech Republic ........................................................................................ 
-0.5 
2.4 
3.6 
Slovakia ................................................................................................... 
1.1 
1.8 
4.8 
Germany .................................................................................................. 
-0.3 
1.8 
3.2 
Italy .......................................................................................................... 
0.9 
4.0 
8.3 
France ...................................................................................................... 
0.7 
2.5 
6.4 
Spain ........................................................................................................ 
2.5 
5.8 
6.4 
Austria ..................................................................................................... 
-0.8 
4.8 
4.2 
Any of these developments and the increased political and economic uncertainty accompanying them have had 
and could continue to have a material adverse effect on the European and global economy and financial sector. 
Instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets may reduce the overall market liquidity which may 
in extreme circumstances lead to a credit crunch and severe financial distress of key market participants. Overall, 
the economic outlook continues to be subject to a number of risks and, hence, may prove to cause increased 
 
1 Source: Eurostat data available at: ec.europa.eu

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
market volatility together with detrimental fluctuations in asset values or currency exchange rates or result in the 
European market sliding back into a recession. 
Risks related to the war in Ukraine and the conflict between Israel and Hamas 
Throughout 2021, the Russian military build-up along the border of Ukraine has escalated tensions between 
Russia and Ukraine and strained bilateral relations. These events have continued in 2022 with Russia 
commencing a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022.  
Following the invasion of Ukraine, the EU and the United States, UK, Switzerland, Canada, Japan, Australia and 
some other countries made announcements regarding imposition of sanctions and sanctions have been 
implemented in the meantime (the Invasion of Ukraine).  
Although the Issuer does not have direct operations in Ukraine or in Russia and the volume of exposure of the 
Issuer realised in Russia and Ukraine is negligible (it is less than 1 per cent. of the total volume of Issuer’s assets), 
the Invasion of Ukraine may have an indirect impact on the Issuer’s operations by affecting the Czech economy 
and financial markets caused by, inter alia, imposition of sanctions and the effects of the war, including price 
volatility, increased inflation, the CZK depreciation and problems related to massive inflow of Ukraine's 
refugees.  
On 7 October 2023, Hamas launched a combined rocket and ground attack on Israeli territory and civilian targets, 
which went down as unofficial beginning of Israel's renewed armed conflict with Hamas. After clearing Hamas 
militants from its territory, the Israeli military embarked on an aerial bombardment of the Gaza Strip followed 
by a large-scale ground invasion.  
Similarly to the Invasion of Ukraine above, this conflict may (although the Issuer does not operate in the Middle 
East region) have an indirect impact on the Issuer’s operations by affecting the Czech economy and financial 
markets caused by, inter alia, imposition of sanctions and the effects of the war, including price volatility, 
increased inflation and the CZK depreciation. 
Therefore, depending on the future development of the Invasion of Ukraine and the conflict between Israel and 
Hamas, it is not possible to exclude negative effects with respect to the Issuer. A potential slowdown in economic 
growth caused by these conflicts might affect the Issuer’s lending activity and the quality of its loan portfolio. A 
significant and permanent weakening of the CZK vis-a-vis foreign currencies might affect borrowers' ability to 
repay FX loans. It may also lead to an increase in funding costs and execution risks related to debt issuance in 
the capital markets. The realisation of any of these and other risks may have material adverse effects on the 
Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Social, economic or political developments in the Czech Republic could adversely affect the Issuer 
The Issuer's operations in the Czech Republic are exposed to a wide range of risks arising from currency 
fluctuations, regulatory changes, level of inflation, deflation, economic recession, local market disruption, social 
unrest, changes in disposable income or gross national product, variations in interest rates changes in tax policy, 
levels of economic growth and other similar factors. The adverse effects of these factors could lead to an increase 
in defaults by the Issuer's customers resulting in a deterioration of the Issuer's earnings. Political developments 
or changes in the fiscal policy in the Czech Republic could have an adverse effect on the overall economic and 
political stability of the country. As substantially all of the Issuer's business is conducted in the Czech Republic, 
the Issuer is particularly exposed to macroeconomic or other factors that may adversely affect growth in the 
Czech banking market and the credit-worthiness of Czech retail and corporate customers. There can be no 
assurance that any political or economic instability will not occur in the Czech Republic or that any such 
instability will not adversely affect the Issuer's business. Any of these developments or a sovereign downgrade 
of the Czech Republic's rating, a decrease in the amount of customers or a decline in the credit worthiness of 
these customers could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
In recent years, the Czech economy has been affected by a high level of inflation, which, however, has been 
decreasing lately. Based on the Macroeconomic Forecast of the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic 
published in January 2024, the average inflation rate reached 10.7 per cent. in 2023, however annual consumer 
price inflation will fall significantly in 2024 and remain below 3 per cent. for most of the year 2024. The average

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
inflation rate could fall to 3.1 per. cent in 2024.2 Based on the forecast of the Czech National Bank (the CNB) 
published on 8 February 2024, the year-on-year level of inflation is expected to reach 2.6 per cent. in 2024 and 
1.7 per cent. in 2025.3 According to the Czech Statistical Office, the year-on-year inflation level reached 2.0 per 
cent. in February 2024.4 However, there is still a risk that the Czech economy will not avoid a recession which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
capital base or prospects.  
Prior to the Invasion of Ukraine, the Czech Republic was almost entirely dependent on Russian gas, which, 
according to the information published by the Czech Ministry of Industry and Trade in 2021, represented 
approximately 97 per cent. of the Czech Republic’s total gas imports in 2021. This was reduced to approximately 
3 per cent. in 2022 and subsequently fell to zero in January 2023 when Russian gas was entirely replaced by 
supplies from Norway and liquefied natural gas (LNG) from terminals in the Netherlands and Belgium. Although 
the Czech Republic and its gas storage capacity proved to be well-positioned to navigate the 2022 – 2023 heating 
season, uncertainty around the 2023 – 2024 heating season still persists given the need to replenish the storage 
capacity and the possibility of reduced availability of alternatives sources of gas in case the on-going construction 
of LNG terminals in Germany and Poland does not progress as planned. However, such an abrupt re-orientation 
from Russian gas to alternative sources of gas has inevitably had a severe impact on Czech businesses and 
households as rising energy prices contributed materially to the high inflation rate and the government emergency 
support measures implemented in response to the energy crisis deepened the budget deficits of these countries.  
Based on the Macroeconomic Forecast of the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic published in January 
2024, the possibility of renewed problems in supply chains, e.g. in the context of the ongoing conflict in the 
Middle East between Israel and Hamas, poses a significant risk, especially for certain sectors of the economy 
(e.g. the automotive industry). In addition to the negative impact on economic performance, supply-side frictions 
would create additional inflationary pressures. These could also be triggered by an increase in energy commodity 
prices in the event of an escalation of geopolitical tensions. The supply of natural gas and oil from Russia to the 
EU has been severely restricted and it is currently not expected to resume. The Macroeconomic Forecast 
mentioned above anticipates that this shortfall will be compensated by increased imports of these raw materials 
from other countries and demand-side measures such as investments in energy efficiency. 
The Invasion of Ukraine has caused a number of Ukrainian citizens to seek refuge in the Czech Republic. 
According to the United Nations Refugee Agency, almost 589,000 Ukrainians applied for asylum, temporary 
protection or similar national protection in the Czech Republic since the start of the Invasion of Ukraine, with 
over 380,000 Ukrainian refugees being recorded in the Czech Republic as of 31 January 2024.5 Such a large 
number of refugees may put a strain on public services and may lead to increased government spending, further 
deepening the budget deficit. This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer competes against several large international financial institutions and may face increased 
competition from less established banks or new entrants 
As banking and financial services markets in Central and Eastern Europe (CEE), and the Czech Republic in 
particular, are becoming increasingly saturated, the Issuer may experience increased competition from both 
global financial institutions and local competitors, which may lead to reductions in interest rate margins, pricing 
of loans and other products, fee and commission income and business volumes, as well as increased costs of 
deposits and other funding. Currently, the Czech banking market is highly concentrated. Although there are only 
a few competitors comparable in size and scope of business to the Issuer, the Issuer may also face increased 
competition from less established banks and financial institutions or new entrants seeking to offer more attractive 
interest or deposit rates or other aggressively priced products to penetrate the market. The Czech banking market 
continues to see an emergence of low-cost banks primarily focused on providing internet-based banking services. 
In addition, the year of 2021 marked a consolidation trend in the Czech banking sector, including (i) the 
acquisition of Equa Bank a.s. by Raiffeisen Bank International AG (RBI) (through the Issuer), which was closed 
on 1 July 2021, (ii) the re-contracting of retail customers of ING Bank N.V. by the Issuer, (iii) and the aqusition 
of Wüstenrot – stavební spořitelna a.s. and Wüstenrot hypoteční banka a.s. by MONETA Money Bank, a.s. This 
trend was initially expected to carry forward into the year 2022, when the proposed acquisition of Air Bank, 
 
2 Source: Forecast of the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic available at: https://www.mfcr.cz/en/fiscal-policy/macroeconomic-
analysis/macroeconomic-forecast/2024/macroeconomic-forecast-january-2024-54596  
3 Source: Forecast of the CNB available at: https://www.cnb.cz/en/monetary-policy/forecast/  
4 Source: Information published by the Czech Statistical Office available at: https://www.czso.cz/csu/czso/ari/consumer-price-indices-
inflation-february-2024  
5 Source: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees statistics available at: https://data2.unhcr.org/en/situations/ukraine

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
Czech and Slovak Home Credit and Benxy, PPF Group’s banking and consumer lending companies by 
MONETA Money Bank, a.s. was expected to take place, however the transaction was ultimately called off in 
May 2022. In September 2022, Banka CREDITAS a.s. finalised the acquisition of Expobank CZ (renamed to 
Max banka a.s. in October 2022). In April 2023, Česká Spořitelna, Erste Group’s subsidiary in the Czech 
Republic, completed the purchase of the loan portfolio of Sberbank CZ. 
Another trend in the banking market is to reduce the use of intermediaries. Financial service providers seek to 
limit or remove intermediaries (such as brokers, independent agents and physical branches) because of the more 
diverse opportunities in new technologies that replace or reduce the need to use intermediaries. This tendency 
promotes the use of peer-to-peer lending, global payment schemes and other alternative service providers, and it 
is likely to create new competitors that may have different business models allowing them to compete even more 
aggressively on price and fees. 
New competitors in the market (such as the newly established Partners Banka) may also offer jobs to the Issuer’s 
employees and thus potentially cause the Issuer to lose talent, which may force the Issuer to create better 
conditions to retain its employees to mitigate this impact, thus potentially significantly increasing the personnel 
costs of the Issuer. 
In addition, the competition landscape in the payments market has been affected by Directive (EU) 2015/2366 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2015 on payment services in the internal market 
(the PSD2), which entered into force on 13 January 2018 and which aims to further develop the integrated 
internal market for electronic payments within the EU. Under PSD2, among other things, banks are required to 
grant access to a customer's online account and payment services to third-party providers. This enables customers 
to choose these providers instead of the bank maintaining their account for so-called (i) account information 
services, for example the display of information regarding one or more bank accounts maintained with one or 
more banks, providing to customers better overview of their financial position; and (ii) payment initiation 
services, that is initiation of electronic payments between bank accounts, for example to a merchant. Although 
the initial response of the market to the PSD2's implementation has been slow, the spread of PSD2-compliant 
services may result in increased competition in the payments markets. This could negatively affect the market 
share and the related transaction fees of banks, including the Issuer, in this market. 
In June 2023, the European Commission launched its proposal for the Payment Services Regulation (the PSR) 
and Payment Services Directive 3 (the PSD3), which together will succeed the PSD2. The main changes relate 
to fraud, further development of open banking, the granting of access to payment systems to non-bank payment 
service providers, further improving consumer rights and obligations and national competent authorities to 
closely monitor compliance and take enforcement action where relevant. The combat of fraud stands out and 
addresses new fraud types, such as impersonation fraud. To that end PSR introduces: an obligation for electronic 
communications services providers to contribute to the collective fight against fraud, the IBAN/name check, a 
legal basis for payment service providers to share fraud related data, intensified transaction monitoring and an 
obligation for payment service providers to increase fraud awareness through education. All actors in the 
ecosystem must contribute to the combat of fraud. PSR grants certain refund rights to consumers that suffered 
damages from the failure of the IBAN/name verification or that are a victim of bank employee impersonation 
fraud. 
The Issuer's ability to compete effectively will depend on the ability of its businesses to adapt quickly to these 
new market and industry trends, including product offerings, customer behaviour and legal developments, such 
as the adoption of the PSR and the PSD3. The Issuer continuously monitors its business in order to adapt to such 
trends, but various factors could adversely impact the implementation of such business initiatives, including 
failure to identify new products or customer demands in time or at all, misinterpretation of anticipated trends, 
flawed assumptions underlying such initiatives or unsuccessful execution of implementation measures. If the 
Issuer fails to compete effectively with either local competitors, large international financial institutions or new 
financial services providers entering the market as a result of, among other things, the PSR and the PSD3, it may 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital 
base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer depends on credit conditions in the client sector 
A major share of the Issuer's operating income consists of its net interest income, which, in turn, consists, for the 
most part, of net income from customer loan credit conditions and of interest income from debt securities. Credit 
conditions in the client sector largely depend on factors beyond the Issuer's control, such as the overall economic 
output and macroeconomic situation in the Czech Republic or regulation conducted by Czech, and/or European 
policy makers, the CNB and the European Central Bank (the ECB). Although the Issuer applies a conservative

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
business model and credit policy, any deterioration of credit conditions in the client sector or part thereof could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital 
base or prospects. 
Access to capital markets 
The Issuer's funding depends in part upon issues of retail bonds and covered bonds placed on local markets. The 
continuing ability of the Issuer to access such funding sources on favourable economic terms is dependent upon 
a variety of factors, including factors outside its control, such as prevailing market conditions or the investors' 
perception of risks related to investing in the Czech Republic. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will 
continue to be able to access such funding sources on favourable terms in the future, the lack of which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base 
or prospects. 
Risks Related to the Issuer's business 
The Issuer relies on customer deposits, which are mostly short-term or demand deposits, as its primary source 
of funding 
The Issuer relies on customer deposits to meet a substantial portion of its funding requirements. The majority of 
the Issuer's deposits are retail deposits, a significant proportion of which are demand deposits. As of 
31 December 2023, the Raiffeisen Group's customer deposits comprised 87.2 per cent. of its total liabilities and 
current accounts represented 66.5 per cent of the Raiffeisen Group's customer deposits. Such deposits are subject 
to fluctuation due to factors outside of the Issuer's control, and the Issuer can provide no assurance that it will 
not experience a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time as a reaction to factors outside its 
control, which may result in liquidity gaps that the Issuer may not be able to cover. Any material decrease in 
deposits could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Czech banking sector experienced such an occurrence when, following the Invasion of Ukraine, the CNB 
announced on 28 February 2022 that it has launched steps towards the revocation of the banking licence of 
Sberbank CZ, a.s., an indirect subsidiary of the Russian majority state-owned Sberbank, following a run on the 
bank. 
Additionally, if depositors in other financial institutions in the Czech Republic or other countries were to 
withdraw significant amounts of savings generally, resulting in a failure of that institution, this could create a 
systematic effect among depositors and investors in the Czech Republic. This could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or 
reputation. 
The Issuer is exposed to liquidity risks 
The Issuer's business is subject to liquidity risks that could affect the Issuer's ability to meet its financial 
obligations as they fall due or to fulfil its commitments to lend. The liquidity risk encompasses both the risk with 
respect to the ability to finance the Issuer's assets by instruments with an appropriate repayment date, as well as 
its ability to sell its assets for an acceptable price within an acceptable time horizon. 
In order to ensure that the Issuer continues to meet its funding obligations and to maintain or grow its business 
generally, it relies on diversified sources of funding including customer savings, term deposits, outstanding 
securities, accepted loans, as well as shareholder equity. 
The ability of the Issuer to access retail and wholesale funding sources on favourable economic terms is 
dependent on a variety of factors, including a number of factors outside of its control, such as liquidity 
constraints, general market conditions, especially continued volatility in the international financial markets, and 
confidence in the Czech banking system.  
The large sovereign debts and fiscal deficits in certain European countries have raised concerns regarding the 
financial condition of European financial institutions and their exposure to such countries. Generally, concerns 
about a potential default by one financial institution can lead to significant liquidity problems, losses for, or 
defaults by, other financial institutions. Defaults by large financial institutions, such as credit institutions or 
insurance undertakings, could adversely affect the financial markets. The financial soundness of many financial

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit-granting, trading, clearing or other relationships 
between the particular institutions. As a result, concerns about, or a default by, one or more large financial 
institutions could lead to significant market-wide liquidity problems resulting in losses or defaults by other 
financial institutions and also to a need for the Issuer to raise additional capital while at the same time making it 
more difficult to do so. 
If concerns over sovereign and financial institutions' solvency continue, or if the conditions further deteriorate, 
there is a danger that interbank funding may become generally unavailable or available only at elevated interest 
rates, which might impact the Issuer's access to, and cost of, funding. Should the Issuer be unable to continue to 
source a sustainable funding profile, the Issuer's ability to fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or 
at all, could be adversely affected. This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation.  
The Issuer is exposed to volatility in interest rates and interest spread risks 
Like most commercial banks, the Issuer earns interest from loans and other assets, and pays interest to its 
depositors and lenders. Banks, including the Issuer, usually make loans at interest rates that are different from 
the interest rates paid on deposits and borrowed funds. If the Issuer's interest spread (the difference between the 
rate of interest that the Issuer pays on funds from depositors and lenders and the rate of interest that it charges 
on loans it grants to its customers) decreases, then its net interest income will also decrease unless it is able to 
compensate by increasing the total amount of funds it lends to customers. A decrease in rates charged to 
customers will often have a negative effect on the interest spread, particularly when interest rates on deposit 
accounts are already very low, because the bank has little ability to make a corresponding reduction in the interest 
it pays to depositors and lenders. 
Furthermore, an increase in rates charged to customers can also negatively impact interest income if it reduces 
the amount of customer borrowings. A decrease in the general level of interest rates may affect the Issuer through, 
among other things, increased pre-payments on its loan portfolio and increased competition for deposits. Interest 
rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, including monetary policies implemented by the 
ECB and the CNB, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions. Central banks' 
interest rate cuts could also lead to a further compression of interest spreads. Overall, large decreases in interest 
rates can be expected to have an adverse effect on the Issuer's net interest income and continued low interest 
rates will make it more difficult to achieve growth. On the other hand, higher interest rates could lead to the 
situation that some borrowers becoming unable to service their debts, resulting in a higher proportion of non-
performing loans. The CNB Bank Board at its most recent monetary policy meeting held on 20 March 2024, 
lowered the two-week repo rate by 0.5 percentage point to 5.75 per cent. At the same time, it lowered the discount 
rate by the same amount to 4.75 per cent. and the Lombard rate to 6.75 per cent. The new interest rate levels 
came into effect on 21 March 2024. However, there is still a risk that interest rates will increase if the inflationary 
pressures persist. 
Deposits usually have shorter maturities than loans and, therefore, can adjust to changing interest rates faster 
than loans. Accordingly, interest rates paid by banks, including the Issuer, on shorter term deposits tend to 
increase faster than the rates banks can earn from their loans. As a result of this mismatch between loans and 
deposits, a decrease in or instability of the interest rates charged on loans may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer's net interest income. In addition, for competitive reasons, the Issuer may also choose to raise the rates of 
interest it pays on deposits without being able to make a corresponding increase in the interest rates it charges to 
its customers or re-price the securities portfolio at the same time. If the Issuer is unable for any reason to re-price 
or adjust the rates on its interest earning assets in response to changes in rates on its interest bearing liabilities in 
an expedited or an effective manner as a result of economic or other reasons, the Issuer's interest income margins 
would be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, 
financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer is exposed to cyber risk and other unauthorised access of its internal and customer data 
The scale of the Issuer's business and nature of its operations requires the Issuer to receive, process and store 
significant volumes of confidential information about its customers, employees and counterparties, all of which 
needs to be safeguarded against loss, damage, mismanagement or unauthorised disclosure. Despite the Issuer's 
security measures and data protection mechanisms, its information technology and infrastructure may be 
vulnerable to cyber-attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. 
Any such breach could compromise the Issuer's networks and the information stored there could be accessed, 
modified, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, modification, disclosure or other loss of information 
could damage the Issuer's reputation and result in regulatory sanctions and other liability for breach of data

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
protection laws. Such breach may, among other things, result in significant fines under applicable data protection 
laws. Cyber-attacks could also result in the loss of internal communication or communication with the Issuer's 
customers, which may result in reduced productivity and a loss of revenues. In addition, it could cause the Issuer's 
service to be perceived as not being safe, thereby harming the Issuer's reputation and deterring current and 
potential customers from using the Issuer's services. Cyber-attacks may also prevent the Issuer from discharging 
its contractual or regulatory obligations. The materialisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or 
reputation. 
A change in the ECB or the CNB collateral standards could have an adverse effect on the funding of the 
Issuer and its access to liquidity 
The ECB and the CNB currently accept certain debt instruments, such as sovereign bonds or debt instruments 
issued by central banks, as collateral for repo operations. If the ECB or the CNB were to impose more stringent 
requirements or conditions on the determination of eligible collateral or if they were to increase the rating 
requirements for securities posted as collateral, it could materially increase the Issuer's funding costs and limit 
the Issuer's access to liquidity, especially if deposits or other sources of liquidity are inadequate in the short term. 
This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The value of collateral securing the Issuer's loans and advances may not be sufficient to recover the full 
amount of any such loans and advances in the event of a default 
Deterioration in economic conditions in the Czech Republic or a decline in certain markets (either related to the 
Invasion of Ukraine or not) may reduce the value of collateral securing the Issuer's loans and advances, increasing 
the risk that the Issuer would not be able to recover the full amount of any such loans and advances in the event 
of a default. 
According to the Czech Banking Association (CBA), Czech housing transactions dropped by 50 per cent. in 2022 
to a 10-year low, as high inflation, high interest rates, higher energy prices and the war in Ukraine deterred buyers. 
New mortgage volumes for the full year 2022, excluding refinancing, dropped by 57 per cent., according to the 
CBA, as official interest rates soared to 7 per cent. in 2022 from 0.25 per cent. in 2021. New mortgage volumes 
for the full year 2023 dropped by 24 per cent. From a year-on-year perspective, the volume of mortgages thus 
increased by 93 per cent. in December 2023, compared to December 2022, however, the volume of mortgages 
remains more than 50 per cent. lower than in December 2020, according to the CBA.  
Since August 2021, the CNB Act enables the CNB to set binding upper limits on the loan-to-value ratio (LTV), 
debt-to-income ratio (DTI) and debt service-to-income ratio (DSTI) for all providers of consumer credit secured 
by residential property in connection with the identification of the systemic risks relating to those loans. However, 
the CNB Bank Board deactivated the upper limit on the DSTI with effect from 1 July 20236 as well as deactivated 
the upper limits on the DTI with effect from 1 January 2024.7 This decision was based on an assessment of the 
financial cycle and the vulnerability of the banking sector and other factors affecting the sector’s resilience.  
Since economic conditions in the Czech Republic have been deteriorating due to the negative impact of the 
Invasion of Ukraine, rising energy prices and spiking inflation levels, further declines in the value of collateral 
securing real property loans, including mortgage loans, are more likely to occur and may result in the Issuer's 
loan portfolio impairment losses increasing materially. 
In its press release dated 1 June 2023, the CNB stated that it estimates that Apartment selling prices in the Czech 
Republic declined on average but were nonetheless 57 per cent. higher at the end of the first quarter of 2023 than 
the level consistent with the income of the median household buying owner-occupied housing. From the 
perspective of buy-to-let property, the estimated overvaluation was approximately 23 per cent.8 Declines in the 
value and liquidity of collateral securing loans, including mortgage loans, could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects.  
 
6 Source: CNB press release dated 1 June 2023 available at: https://www.cnb.cz/en/cnb-news/press-releases/CNB-leaves-binding-mortgage-
limits-except-for-DSTI-unchanged-and-lowers-countercyclical-capital-buffer-rate-to-2.25/  
7 Source: CNB press release dated 29 November 2023 available at: https://www.cnb.cz/en/cnb-news/press-releases/CNB-retains-binding-
LTV-limit-for-mortgage-loans-deactivates-binding-DTI-limit-and-leaves-countercyclical-capital-buffer-rate-at-2/  
8 Source: CNB press release dated 1 June 2023 available at: https://www.cnb.cz/en/cnb-news/press-releases/CNB-leaves-binding-mortgage-
limits-except-for-DSTI-unchanged-and-lowers-countercyclical-capital-buffer-rate-to-2.25/

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
Furthermore, the Issuer undertakes certain types of lending without tangible collateral, relying only on personal 
guarantees, which may not be sufficient to cover the outstanding amount following a default. In the case of a 
default of such a loan, the Issuer has no recourse to collateral, and as a result of this if a large proportion of these 
borrowers were to default due to deteriorating economic conditions or otherwise this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects 
or reputation. 
Defaults by counterparties may lead to losses that exceed the Issuer's provisions and the maximum probable 
losses predicted by the Issuer's risk management processes and procedures 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk that borrowers or other counterparties will not be able to meet their obligations 
owed to the Issuer. Counterparties include, among others, brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment 
banks, and other institutional as well as retail customers. Exposures can arise through trading, lending, deposit-
taking, clearance and settlement and other financing activities and relationships. The Issuer may incur losses if 
its counterparties default on their obligations. If losses arising from counterparty defaults significantly exceed 
the amounts of the Issuer's provisions or require an increase of such provisions, this could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. This 
risk may be exacerbated if the collateral held by the Issuer cannot be realised or can only be liquidated at prices 
below the level necessary to recover the full amount of the loan, derivative or other contractual exposures. 
The Issuer continues to maintain a very sound loan portfolio. Impairment losses on credit and off-balance sheet 
exposures increased by CZK 1,478 million year on year, totalling CZK 1,351 million as of 31 December 2023 
(on an individual basis). At the Raiffeisen Group level, impairment losses on credit and off-balance sheet 
exposures increased by CZK 1,123 million year on year, totalling CZK 983 million as of 31 December 2023 (on 
a consolidated basis). The Raiffeisen Group keeps a very good quality of client's credit portfolio. The proportion 
of loans and advances with forbearance decreased by 0.3 per cent., totalling 0.6 per cent. of the total loan 
portfolio. 
Concerns about potential defaults by one financial institution can lead to significant liquidity problems, losses 
for, or defaults by, other financial institutions. The commercial and financial stability of many financial 
institutions is interrelated due to credit, trading and other relationships, and consequently even a perceived lack 
of creditworthiness may lead to market-wide liquidity problems. This could lead to a need for the Issuer to raise 
additional capital while at the same time making it more difficult to do so. If the levels of the counterparty risk 
return it could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer faces the possibility of losses from operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems or from external events. The definition of operational risk includes legal risk, but excludes strategic and 
reputational risk. Legal risk includes, among others, exposure to fines, penalties or punitive damages resulting 
from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements. 
The Issuer's business operations are dependent on the ability to process a large number of complex transactions 
across different markets in many currencies. Operational losses, including monetary damages, costs, and direct 
and indirect financial losses or write-downs, may result from inadequacies or failures in internal processes, 
systems, e.g., ICT systems, licences from external suppliers, fraud or other criminal actions, employee errors, 
outsourcing, failure to properly document transactions or agreements with customers, vendors, sub-contractors, 
co-operation partners and other third parties, or to obtain or maintain proper authorisation, or from customer 
complaints, failure to comply with regulatory requirements, including, among others, to anti-money laundering, 
data recording, data protection and antitrust regulations, conduct of business rules, equipment failures, failure to 
protect its assets, including intellectual property rights and collateral, failure of physical and security protection, 
natural disasters or the failure of external systems, including those of the Issuer's suppliers or counterparties and 
failure to fulfil its obligations, contractual or otherwise.  
There can be no assurances that risk controls and other actions implemented by the Issuer to mitigate exposures 
or losses will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced by the Issuer, or that the Issuer's 
reputation will not be damaged by the occurrence of any operational risks. 
As a part of its banking activities, the Issuer provides its customers with investment advice, access to internally 
as well as externally managed funds and serves as custodian of third-party funds. In the event of losses incurred 
by its customers due to investment advice from the Issuer, or the misconduct or fraudulent actions of external

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
fund managers, the Issuer's customers may seek compensation from the Issuer. Such compensation might be 
sought even if the Issuer has no direct exposure to such risks, or has not recommended such counterparties to its 
customers. Any claims in this respect could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
The Issuer faces significant ICT risks inherent in the banking business 
The Issuer is dependent on information and communication technology (ICT) systems. The ICT systems are 
vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software and hardware malfunctions, malicious hacking, physical 
damage to vital ICT centres and computer virus infection. If the ICT systems fail, even for a short period of time, 
the Issuer may be unable to service some or all of its customers' needs on a timely basis and could thus lose 
business and potential income. Likewise, a temporary shut-down of the ICT systems could result in higher 
internal costs associated with the recovery of the systems. ICT systems require regular upgrading to meet the 
needs of changing business and regulatory requirements, to remove vulnerabilities and software errors and to 
keep pace with the growth of banks' and financial institutions' existing operations and possible expansion into 
new business lines and markets. The Issuer and its service providers may not be able to implement necessary 
upgrades on a timely basis, and upgrades may fail to function as planned. 
The unification and implementation of new ICT systems may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
operational risk profile. In addition to costs incurred as a result of any failure or interruption of its ICT systems, 
the Issuer could face fines from the CNB if its ICT systems fail to enable it to comply with the applicable banking 
or other regulations. There can be no assurances that the procedures and controls put in place by the Issuer will 
be effective in preventing or managing all risks relating to the ICT systems of the Issuer. This could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, 
prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer's risk management strategies and procedures may prove insufficient or fail 
The Issuer's strategies and procedures for managing credit risk, country risk, market risk, liquidity risk and 
operational risk may prove insufficient or fail. Some of the Issuer's methods for managing risk are based upon 
observations of historical market behaviour. The Issuer also applies statistical techniques to observations to arrive 
at quantifications of its risk exposures. However, these methods may not accurately quantify the Issuer's risk 
exposures. As additional information becomes available, the Issuer may need to make additional provisions if 
default rates are higher than expected. If circumstances arise whereby the Issuer did not identify, anticipate or 
correctly evaluate certain risks in developing its statistical models, losses could be greater than the maximum 
losses envisaged under its risk management system.  
In addition, if any of the instruments and strategies that the Issuer uses to hedge its exposure to various types of 
risk is not effective, the Issuer may incur losses. Unexpected market developments may also adversely affect the 
effectiveness of the Issuer's hedging strategies, and the Issuer may choose not to hedge all of its risk exposures 
in all market environments or against all types of risk. In addition, the methodology by which gains and losses 
resulting from certain ineffective hedges are recorded may result in additional volatility in the Issuer's reported 
results of operations. 
Any material deficiency in the Issuer's risk management or other internal control policies or procedures may 
expose it to significant credit, liquidity, market or operational risk and material unanticipated losses, which may 
in turn have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Resignation or loss of key personnel could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to execute its strategy 
The Issuer's key personnel, including the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer and other members of 
the Issuer's senior management, have been instrumental in establishing and implementing the Issuer's key 
strategies. Their continued service at the Issuer is critical to the overall management of the Issuer and its ability 
to implement its strategies. The loss of their services, or the inability to attract and retain other suitably qualified 
senior management personnel, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, 
financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer may have difficulty recruiting or retaining qualified employees 
The continued growth of the Issuer's existing operations and its ability to successfully expand its business 
depends on its ability to retain existing employees and to identify, recruit and retain additional individuals who

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
are not only familiar with the local language, customs and market conditions, but also have the necessary 
qualifications and level of experience in banking and related businesses. In the Czech Republic, where the Issuer 
operates, the pool of individuals with the required set of skills is smaller than in most Western European 
countries. Increasing competition for labour in the Czech Republic from other financial institutions may also 
make it more difficult for the Issuer to attract and retain qualified employees and could lead to increases in labour 
costs. If the Issuer is unable to attract and retain new talent or if competition for qualified employees increases 
its labour costs, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer may have difficulty detecting or deterring employee misconduct 
The Issuer faces the risk of further loss due to its employees' lack of knowledge, employee error, including 
administrative or record keeping errors, wilful or negligent violation of laws, rules, regulations and internal 
policies and procedures or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees occurs in the financial services industry 
and could involve, among other things, improper use or disclosure of confidential information, violation of laws 
and regulations concerning financial abuse, including insider trading, money laundering, embezzlement and 
fraud, any of which could result in regulatory sanctions and fines as well as serious reputational and financial 
harm. Misconduct by employees, including violation of the internal risk management or other policies and 
procedures of the Issuer, could also include binding the Issuer to transactions that exceed authorised limits or 
present unacceptable risks, or hiding unauthorised or unsuccessful activities, which, in either case, may result in 
unknown and unmanaged risks and losses. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct and the 
precautions the Issuer takes to detect such activity may not be effective. Given the Issuer's high volume of 
transactions, errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. In addition, a 
number of banking transactions are not fully automated, which may further increase the risk that human error or 
employee tampering will result in losses that may be difficult to detect quickly or at all. The direct and indirect 
costs of employee misconduct and reputational harm could be substantial. This could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or 
reputation. 
The Issuer is exposed to foreign exchange and currency risks 
As of 31 December 2023, foreign currency position of the Raiffeisen Group expressed as Value at Risk (VaR) 
was CZK 1 million and the main foreign currencies, in which assets and liabilities of the Raiffeisen Group were 
denominated, were EUR and in USD (for details see Risk Management - Types of Risks Managed). The Issuer 
translates such assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on such assets and liabilities, and gains 
and/or losses realised upon the sale of such assets, to Czech Koruna in preparing its financial statements. The 
overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Issuer's results of operations depends on the rate of depreciation 
or appreciation of the Czech Koruna against its principal trading and financing currencies (EUR and USD). In 
addition, the Issuer has a portfolio of derivatives which expose it to fluctuations in the value of the Czech Koruna 
against foreign currencies. 
As a protection against open foreign currency risk, the Issuer uses a set of limits established by reference to the 
standards of the group comprised of RBI and its direct and indirect subsidiaries including the Issuer (the RBI 
Group). The limits are set for individual currencies and for the overall currency position. 
Although the Issuer sets such limits, manages its foreign exchange positions accordingly and performs certain 
other measures aimed at reducing exchange rate risk, including, among others, entering into foreign exchange 
derivative contracts, these measures may not be effective and the fluctuations in exchange rates could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, 
or prospects. 
The Issuer is subject to risks in its trading activities 
The Issuer trades various securities and derivatives, including debt, equity and commodities, both as agent and 
principal, and it derives a portion of its non-interest income from profits earned in such trades. The consolidated 
net loss on financial operations of the Raiffeisen Group for the year 2023 was CZK 322 million. 
The Issuer may be exposed to a number of risks related to changes in the value of such financial instruments, 
including the risk of unfavourable market price movements relative to its investment positions, a decline in the 
market liquidity of the related instruments, volatility in market prices, interest rates or foreign currency exchange 
rates relating to these positions and the risk that the instruments with which the Issuer chooses to hedge certain 
positions do not track the market value of those positions. If the Issuer incurs any losses from these exposures,

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
this could reduce the Issuer's income or cause the Issuer to suffer losses, either of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base and 
prospects. 
Risks related to the group interdependence 
The Issuer's business is interwoven with that of its parent company, RBI. The mutual ties are established, among 
others, through numerous refinancing arrangements, mutually shared products and standards, as well as through 
existing funding (with respect to the equity, additional tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments) provided to the Issuer. 
Potential economic problems of RBI may result in a risk of potential additional capital support not being available 
for the Issuer. Moreover, any potential downgrade of credit ratings of RBI could also have a negative effect on 
the investors' perception of the Issuer. Furthermore, deterioration of the financial performance of RBI could, in 
turn, adversely affect the Issuer's own business. The materialization of any of such risks relating to the RBI could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital 
base, prospects or reputation. 
If the Issuer and RBI Group do not maintain their reputation, the Issuer’s ability to attract new customers 
and retain existing customers may be harmed 
Reputational risk is inherent to the Issuer’s business activity. The ability to retain customers and to attract new 
customers depends in part on the Issuer’s and RBI Group’s brand recognition and their reputation for quality of 
service. Negative public opinion towards the Issuer, RBI Group or the financial services sector as a whole could 
result from real or perceived practices in the financial sector in general, such as negligence during the provision 
of financial products or services, or even from the way that the Issuer conducts, or is perceived to conduct, its 
business operations. In addition, the Issuer’s reputation is strongly linked to the reputation of the RBI Group, 
meaning that negative perceptions of RBI Group could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s reputation. Such a 
development could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to maintain and attract customers, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and prospects. 
The Issuer is dependent on its banking and other licences 
The banking and other operations performed by the Issuer require it to obtain licences from the CNB and other 
Czech authorities. A large majority of the Issuer's business depends on its banking licence issued by the CNB. If 
the Issuer loses its general banking licence, it will be unable to perform any banking operations in the Czech 
Republic. Although the Issuer believes that it has the necessary licences for its banking and other operations and 
that it is currently in compliance with its existing material licence and reporting obligations, there is no assurance 
that it will be able to maintain the necessary licences in the future. The loss of a licence, a breach of the terms of 
any licence or failure to obtain or renew any required licences in the future could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Risks Related to the Regulatory Environment 
Changes and developments in laws or regulations in the Czech Republic and the EU, including legislation 
relating to the financial and banking sectors, may have a material adverse impact on the Issuer 
The Issuer is subject to a number of laws and regulations in a number of jurisdictions where it conducts its 
operations, particularly the Czech Republic. Such laws and regulations include, among other things, banking 
regulation designed to maintain the safety and financial soundness of banks and limit their exposure to risk, 
regulations relating to financial services, securities products and other businesses, tax, accounting and financial 
reporting regulation, anti-money laundering, consumer credit, capital requirements or corporate requirements 
regulation. 
As a result of new and more demanding regulatory requirements and other changes in legislation, the Issuer may 
need to increase its capital or debts eligible to meet the minimum capital requirement and eligible liabilities, 
increase retained earnings or reduce risk-weighted assets, for example through their sales, or stop participating 
in certain activities. These facts could lead to a reduction in the Issuer’s ability or complete inability to meet its 
debts. 
On 14 September 2022, the European Commission introduced a proposal for a Council Regulation (EU) 
2022/1854 on an emergency intervention to address high prices (the Emergency Intervention Regulation) 
which, among others, establishes a solidarity contribution of electricity generating companies and fossil fuel

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
sector due to the current market situation and their profits. Following the adoption of the Emergency Intervention 
Regulation on 6 October 2022, the Czech Ministry of Finance introduced a windfall tax proposal, which was 
approved by the Parliament of the Czech Republic, signed by the President and published in the Collection of 
Laws during November 2022 and fully entered into force on 1 January 2023 (the Windfall Tax Amendment).  
The windfall tax introduced by the Windfall Tax Amendment applies to energy sector companies and banks with 
net interest income exceeding CZK 6 billion in the previous year, which is the threshold generally separating 
large and medium banks and small banks, as defined by the CNB. The tax rate is 60 per cent. and applies to the 
concerned companies as a tax surcharge on top of the 21 per cent. corporate income tax on their excessive profits. 
The additional 60 per cent. tax rate is applied against positive difference between tax base in the current year and 
the arithmetic average of its historical tax bases for the four preceding tax years before 2022 (i.e. 2018-2021) 
increased by 20 per cent. The Windfall Tax Amendment assumes time limited effect for years 2023 to 2025. 
Advances on this tax were paid during 2023 along with advances on corporation tax based on 2022 reported tax 
base.  
The above-described measures will result in additional tax liabilities/costs of the Issuer and as such could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital 
base, prospects or reputation. 
On 7 September 2023, the CNB Bank Board decided to end the remuneration of minimum reserves with effect 
from 5 October 2023. The CNB took this step to lower the cost of implementing monetary policy. The ECB 
adopted a similar decision in July 2023. Until then, the minimum reserves were remunerated by the two-week 
repo rate announced by the CNB, which was at 7 per cent at that time. This step will likely be reflected by a 
lower net interest income of the Issuer in 2024. 
Additionally, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the following regulatory developments are most likely 
to impact the Issuer in the short-to-medium-term future: 
• 
The Raiffeisen Group and the Issuer have been and, in the future, will be subject to stress testing 
exercises initiated and/or conducted by the European Banking Authority (the EBA"), the ECB 
and/or any other competent authority. The Issuer's results of operations may be adversely affected 
if the Issuer or any of the financial institutions with which the Issuer does business receives 
negative results on such stress tests. In 2024, the ECB is conducting its first ever cyber resilience 
stress test to assess how banks respond to and recover from cyberattacks. The outcome of any such 
stress tests will be taken into account for supervisory decisions such as the Supervisory Review 
and Evaluation Process (the SREP). Further, the Banking Package (as defined below) contains 
provisions whereby environmental, social and governance risks will also be taken into 
consideration for the purpose of SREP. Given that the Raiffeisen Group and the Issuer will be 
included in future stress tests carried out by EBA and other institutions, this may result in a 
requirement to increase its own funds and/or other supervisory interventions if the Issuer's capital 
was to fall below the predefined threshold at the end of the stress test period and/or other 
deficiencies are identified in connection with a stress test exercise. 
• 
The CRR, BRRD (as both terms are defined below) and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended from time to time (the CRD) as well 
as the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of 15 July 2014, as amended from time to time, in particular 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the 
SRM Regulation) set out certain minimum capital (in terms of quantity and quality) and other 
regulatory requirements applicable to credit institutions such as the Issuer. This regulatory 
framework (and the related Czech implementation laws) is subject to permanent developments and 
changes. 
• 
Since 28 December 2020 amendments to the previously existing rules for setting the amount to be 
complied with for purposes of fulfilling the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act (MREL) have started 
to apply. In this context, it should be noted that the SRM Regulation and the BRRD continue to be 
subject to discussion and change, such as in the context of the proposal to adjust further the existing 
EU bank crisis management and deposit insurance (CMDI) framework published by the European 
Commission in April 2023 and expected to apply from late 2026 onwards at the earliest.

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
• 
Further, in October 2021, the European Commission has published a draft legislative package, 
which will further amend the CRR and the CRD (the Banking Package). In December 2023, final 
elements of the Banking Package have been agreed and the Banking Package has been endorsed 
by the Council and the European Parliament. The Banking Package is currently subject to the final 
vote in the plenary of the European Parliament and is expected to apply from 1 January 2025 (with 
respect to the changes to the CRR). In this context, it should be noted that the Banking Package 
introduces, inter alia, a lower limit on capital requirements that banks calculate when using internal 
models (so-called output floor), which will be phased in gradually until 2032. Such changes as well 
as any further specifications made by the European Commission, EBA and/or the relevant Member 
States may result in increased uncertainty, increased capital requirements, increased costs of 
funding for the Issuer and, by requiring the Issuer to monitor ongoing developments, in increased 
costs of compliance. 
The above and any further regulatory changes may result in additional material costs for the Issuer and 
significantly impact its capital resources and requirements. As such, they may adversely affect the Issuer by, 
among other things, restricting the type or volume of transactions the Issuer may enter into, set limits on, or 
require the modification of, rates or fees that the Issuer charges on loans or other financial products. The Issuer 
may also face increased compliance costs and material limitations on its ability to pursue business opportunities. 
All these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and Raiffeisen Group's business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation, which in turn may have a 
negative impact on the Notes and be detrimental to the Noteholders (including the risk of a total loss of 
interest and capital invested by the Noteholders). 
The Issuer is subject to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, implementing BRRD and setting out a bank 
recovery and resolution framework which is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to 
credit institutions considered to be failing or at risk of failing. The implementation of any action under it 
could materially affect the Issuer and/or the value of any Notes. 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and amending Council Directive 
82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 
2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European 
Parliament and of the Council (BRRD I) designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or relevant entity. This is so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant 
entity's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity's failure on 
the economy and financial system. 
The powers set out in BRRD I, as amended by BRRD II (BRRD) impact how credit institutions and investment 
firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. BRRD is implemented in Czech 
law by the Czech Act No. 374/2015 Coll., on Recovery and Resolution in the Financial Market, as amended (the 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act), which provides for a framework for the recovery and resolution of Czech 
banks and investment firms. 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for a special resolution regime applicable to Czech banks 
(such as the Issuer) or their groups (including the Raiffeisen Group) and distinguishes between two basic sets of 
measures. These measures are crisis prevention measures (in Czech, opatření k předcházení krizí) and crisis 
resolution measures (in Czech, opatření k řešení krize). Responsibility for operation of the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act rests almost exclusively with the CNB as the relevant resolution authority whilst the Ministry of 
Finance of the Czech Republic has some joint powers together with the CNB in adopting and applying the 
government stabilisation tools (including the temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of a 
Czech bank). The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act enables the CNB to intervene in failing Czech banks, 
Czech banks which are likely to fail, or Czech banks reaching a point of non-viability and also deals with certain 
other discrete matters. The measures and procedures were implemented into Czech law by the Czech Resolution 
and Recovery Act without substantial deviations from BRRD. 
The exercise of any power under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act or any suggestion of such exercise 
could, therefore, materially adversely affect the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation and/or the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their 
investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. For a detailed 
description of the powers available under BRRD, as implemented in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, 
see Adoption of resolution measures or crisis prevention measures against the Issuer may materially adversely

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
affect the value of the Notes and the satisfaction of the claims from the Notes and Any claims from the Notes may 
be written down or converted in the event of adoption of crisis resolution measures. 
The Basel III framework may affect the capital requirements and/or the liquidity associated with a holding of 
the Notes for certain investors and the Issuer may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying with 
new capital adequacy requirements  
In 1988, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee) adopted capital guidelines that 
explicitly link the relationship between a bank's capital and its credit risks. In June 2006 the Basel Committee 
finalised and published new risk-adjusted capital guidelines (Basel II). Basel II includes the application of risk-
weighting which depends upon, amongst other factors, the external or, in some circumstances and subject to 
approval of supervisory authorities, internal credit rating of the counterparty. The revised requirements also 
include allocation of risk capital in relation to operational risk and supervisory review of the process of evaluating 
risk measurement and capital ratios.  
Basel II has not been fully implemented in all participating jurisdictions. The implementation of the framework 
in relevant jurisdictions may affect the risk-weighting of the Notes for investors who are or may become subject 
to capital adequacy requirements that follow the framework. The Basel II framework was implemented in the 
European Union by the Directive 2006/48/EC and Directive 2006/49/EC on the capital adequacy of investment 
firms and credit institutions (the Capital Adequacy Directives). The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
has approved a sequence of major reforms to the Basel II framework (the set of reform measures being commonly 
referred to as Basel III) which envisages a substantial strengthening of existing capital rules, including new 
capital and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity 
standards and minimum leverage ratios for financial institutions. In particular, the changes include amongst other 
things, new requirements for the capital base, measures to strengthen the capital requirements for counterparty 
credit exposures arising from certain transactions and the introduction of a leverage ratio as well as short-term 
and longer-term standards for funding liquidity (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net 
Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)). Basel III set an implementation deadline on member countries to implement the 
new capital standards from January 2013, the new LCR from January 2015 and the NSFR from January 2018. 
The changes approved by the Basel Committee may have an impact on the capital requirements in respect of the 
Notes and on incentives to hold the notes for investors that are subject to requirements that follow the revised 
framework and, as a result, they may affect the liquidity and value of the Notes. 
Basel III has been implemented in the European Union by Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investments firms (CRD IV) and Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (CRR I). CRD IV and CRR I 
were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013. Most of the provisions in CRD 
IV and CRR I took effect on 1 January 2014. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published its final revised standards for calculating the risk exposure 
amount, also known as Basel IV. The Basel Committee recommends, among others, that constraints on internal 
models and the revised standardised approaches should be implemented beginning in 2022. However, the 
political process that should eventually lead to the implementation of the recommendations in the EU has started 
only recently, and the outcome thus remains uncertain. 
In general, investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements in respect of the 
Notes and as to the consequences for and effect on them of any changes to the Basel II framework (including the 
Basel III as well as the possible Basel IV changes described above) and the relevant implementing measures. No 
predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
The requirements of the NSFR set out criteria for a minimum amount of stable resources to cover illiquid assets 
and contingent liabilities in the medium term (i.e. more than one year). The binding minimum standard for the 
NSFR is part of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amending CRR I (CRR II) and adopted together with Directive (EU) 
2019/878 amending CRD IV (CRD V), Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending BRRD I (as defined below) (BRRD 
II) and the SRM Regulation, which entered into force on 28 June 2021. The level at which the NSFR is set may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base 
or prospects. 
There is no certainty as to the final framework for, or the timing of, the capital adequacy standards that will be 
ultimately developed and implemented, and the Issuer may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying 
with the new capital adequacy requirements. The new capital adequacy requirements may also impact existing

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
business models. In addition there can be no assurances that breaches of legislation or regulations by the Issuer 
will not occur and, to the extent that such a breach does occur, that significant liability or penalties will not be 
incurred. 
Legal and regulatory claims could have an adverse impact on the Issuer's business 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer and some other members of the Issuer are subject to regulatory 
oversight and liability risk. The Issuer carries out operations through a number of legal entities mainly in the 
Czech Republic, where it is subject to regulation. Laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer are continuously 
amended and new requirements are imposed on the Issuer and some other members of the Issuer, including, 
among others, regulations relating to financial services, securities products and other businesses, and tax, 
accounting and financial reporting regulations, anti-money laundering, consumer credit, capital requirements or 
corporate requirements.  
Non-compliance with, or any breaches of, such regulation expose the Issuer to the risk of various claims, 
disputes, legal proceedings or governmental investigation. Moreover, the Issuer is involved in a variety of claims, 
disputes or other legal proceedings and governmental investigations in jurisdictions where it is active. These types 
of claims and proceedings expose the Issuer to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs), 
direct or indirect financial loss, civil and criminal penalties, loss of licences or authorisations, or loss of 
reputation, as well as the potential for regulatory restrictions on its businesses, all of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital base, prospects 
or reputation. 
Insolvency and other laws and regulations governing creditors' rights in the Czech Republic may limit the 
Issuer's ability to obtain payments on defaulted credits 
Insolvency proceedings in the Czech Republic often take several years and the level of the creditors' recovery is 
relatively low. Therefore, the Issuer cannot ensure that its rights as a creditor in insolvency proceedings will be 
adequate to enable the Issuer to successfully collect amounts owed by debtors. Moreover, the Issuer's litigation 
costs stemming from insolvency proceedings of its borrowers or counterparties may increase substantially as a 
result of any newly adopted and untested procedures and potential changes in the regulation.  
The process of collateral enforcement in the Czech Republic is rather costly and often takes several years. As a 
result, the Issuer may be unable to enforce in a timely manner, for reasonable costs or at all, collateral securing 
loans and other credit extended by the Issuer, including mortgage loans. This could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Non-compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), or stricter interpretation of the 
existing requirements or future modifications of the data protection laws, could have a negative impact on the 
Issuer's business  
With effect as of 25 May 2018 the Issuer's operations and services need to comply with Regulation (EU) 
2016/679, General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR) which generally imposes uniform rules on all market 
participants operating within the EU and strict sector specific rules under the e-Privacy Directive (Directive 
2002/58/EC). GDPR implements a stricter data protection compliance regime and substantially increases fines 
for a breach of data protection regulation. Under GDPR, data protection agencies have the right to audit the 
Issuer and impose orders and fines, up to EUR 20 million, or up to 4 per cent. of the worldwide annual revenue 
for the previous financial year, if they find that the Issuer has not complied with applicable laws and adequately 
protected customer data. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are few official guidelines available that 
would indicate how data protection agencies will evaluate and investigate non-compliance issues and a degree 
of uncertainty therefore remains in this regard. As such, there can be no assurance that the Issuer is fully 
compliant with GDPR in all aspects of its operations. Any difference in interpretation of the GDPR by the data 
protection agencies resulting in the Issuer's non-compliance with GDPR or any other applicable data protection 
laws, or any limitations imposed by stricter interpretation of the existing requirements or by future modifications 
of the data protection laws, could have a significant impact on the Issuer's business operations and its ability to 
market products and services to existing or potential customers. As such, the materialisation of any of the above

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and anti-terrorism financing rules involves 
significant ongoing costs and efforts and non-compliance may have severe legal and reputational 
consequences 
The Issuer must comply with national and international rules and regulations regarding money laundering, 
anti-corruption and the financing of terrorism. In recent years, these rules and regulations have been tightened 
and may be further tightened and more strictly enforced in the future. Compliance with these rules and regulations 
puts a significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and poses significant technical 
problems. Any violation of these or similar rules, or even the suspicion of such violations, may have severe legal, 
monetary and reputational consequences, including sanctions imposed by the CNB, and thus could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, 
prospects, or reputation.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
The risk factors regarding the Notes are presented in the following categories depending on their nature with the 
most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
• 
Risks relating to the regulatory classification of the Notes; 
• 
Risks related to the specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes; 
• 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes; and 
• 
Other risks related to the Notes. 
Risks relating to the regulatory classification of the Notes 
Risks relating to all Notes 
Adoption of resolution measures or crisis prevention measures against the Issuer may materially adversely affect 
the value of the Notes and the satisfaction of the claims from the Notes 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, which transposes the BRRD into Czech law, enables the CNB to 
intervene in respect of Czech banks (including the Issuer) or their groups (including the Raiffeisen Group) that 
are likely to fail or are failing, by exercising the power to adopt crisis resolution measures, crisis prevention 
measures or certain other powers. 
Responsibility for the exercise of the powers under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act sits almost 
exclusively with the CNB, which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, is the relevant resolution authority. The 
Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic has some joint powers together with the CNB in relation to the 
government stabilisation tools, including joint deciding on a proposal to provide public financial support to a 
bank or a proposal for a transfer of instruments of participation in the bank to the state. The application of the 
government stabilisation tools is decided on by the Government of the Czech Republic. 
A bank is failing when (a) it meets the conditions for withdrawal of its authorisation, in particular as it has 
suffered a loss that has caused or may cause a material fall in the amount of its capital; (b) its assets are less than 
its liabilities; (c) it is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (d) it requires extraordinary public support (except 
in limited circumstances). A bank is also failing when it can be reasonably expected that at least one of the 
conditions set out in (a) to (c) above will be met. 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act enables the CNB to adopt various crisis resolution measures, alone or 
in combination where (i) a bank is failing; (ii) taking into account all circumstances, there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative measure than resolution measure would prevent the failure of such bank; and (iii) a 
resolution action is in the public interest. The crisis resolution measures introduced by the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act include, for example: (i) transfer of activity to a private acquirer, which enables the CNB to decide 
on the transfer of an instrument of participation in the bank or the bank’s assets or debts in the whole or in part 
to a private acquirer; (ii) transfer of activity to a bridge institution for the purpose of preserving fundamental 
operations of the bank, which enables the CNB to decide on the transfer of an instrument of participation in the 
bank or the bank’s assets or debts in whole or in part to a business corporation in which the state holds a stake 
and whose purpose is the acquisition, holding and subsequent transfer of these instruments, assets or debts to a 
third party; (iii) transfer of activity to an asset management vehicle, which enables the CNB to decide on the 
transfer of the assets or debts of the bank or of the bridge institution in whole or in part to a business corporation 
in which the state holds a stake and whose purpose is the acquisition, holding and subsequent transfer of these 
instruments, assets or debts to a third party; (iv) adoption of management resolution measures, which enables the 
CNB to commence administration of the bank independently, as a result of which the exercise of powers of the 
management body and the supreme body of the bank will be suspended, and the powers that would otherwise 
pertain to these bodies will be exercised by the CNB or a special administrator; (v) write-down or conversion 
powers, which give the CNB a power to write-down eligible liabilities (such as the Eligible Notes), or to convert 
them to equity or other common equity Tier 1 capital instruments of the bank (which may also be subject to 
future write-down), in part or in full; and (vi) government stabilisation tools, which means public capital support 
and transfer of instruments of participation in the bank to the state.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act also gives the CNB the power to adopt certain crisis prevention 
measures. They include, for example, the power to write-down (in whole or in part) capital instruments, including 
the bank’s Tier 2 capital instruments pursuant to Article 63 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time (CRR) (such as 
the Subordinated Notes) or eligible intragroup liabilities or convert them to equity or other common equity Tier 
1 capital instruments of the bank (which may also be subject to future write-down) which are applicable when 
the bank is not viable. A full write-down or conversion of capital instruments and intragroup liabilities eligible 
for write-down must occur before, or at the latest together with, the adoption of certain crisis resolution measures 
(write-down or conversion of eligible liabilities, transfer of activity to private acquirer, transfer of activity to 
bridge institution, or introduction of asset management vehicle). The point of non-viability is the point at which 
the CNB determines that the bank either (i) meets the conditions for the adoption of crisis resolution measures; 
(ii) is not viable without a write-down or conversion of capital instruments; or (iii) is in a state that requires the 
providing of public support (with an exception envisaged by the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act). The point 
of non-viability may be determined also on the level of the bank’s group. The bank or the group of which the 
bank is a member is non-viable without a write-down or conversion of capital instruments and eligible intragroup 
liabilities if it is failing and, taking into account all the circumstances, it cannot be reasonably expected that any 
other measure than a write-down or conversion of capital instruments and eligible intragroup liabilities made 
separately or together with another measure would avert its failure in a reasonable time. For the purposes of 
assessment according to the previous sentence, the bank’s group is failing if its member fails to meet the 
prudential requirements on a consolidated basis in such a way that it warrants an intervention by the CNB, or if, 
taking into account all the circumstances, it can be reasonably expected that this condition will be met in the near 
future. 
The CNB is not required to provide any advance notice to the Noteholders of its decision to exercise any powers 
under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, and such a decision may become effective upon its publication 
on the website of the CNB. Therefore, the Noteholders may not be able to anticipate a potential exercise of any 
such powers or the potential effect of any exercise of such powers on the Issuer or the Notes. The Noteholders 
have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any such powers; the powers may 
principally only be challenged and/or sought to be suspended in administrative or judicial proceedings held in 
the Czech Republic under Czech law. 
The Noteholders should presume for the event of the bank’s failure that a public support would be granted to the 
bank only as a solution of last resort, after the CNB has considered and as much as possible adopted other 
measures, including the power to write-down or convert capital instruments and eligible liabilities. Therefore, 
the Noteholders may in no case rely on such support being granted to the bank. 
The CNB’s powers enshrined in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act to intervene in Czech banks may also 
be further amended and expanded over time, as so happened for example by way of implementation of BRRD II 
into Czech law with effect from 14 August 2021. 
The exercise of any powers under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act in relation to the Issuer, the Raiffeisen 
Group or the Notes (including, but not limited to, the adoption of crisis resolution measures or the write/down 
or conversion of capital instruments), or any proposal to exercise such powers, or perception that they may be 
exercised even if such perception is not based on facts, may materially adversely affect the value of the Notes, 
otherwise affect the rights of the Noteholders and lead to the Noteholders losing some or all of their investment 
in the Notes. 
Any claims from the Notes may be written down or converted in the event of adoption of crisis resolution 
measures 
The power of the CNB to write-down or convert under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act enables the 
CNB, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Issuer, to write-down or convert (to equity or other 
common equity Tier 1 capital instruments of the Issuer or other person) the Issuer’s debts if it is failing or 
is likely to fail, so that the losses are transmitted to its shareholders and unsecured creditors. Any claims 
from the Notes, including claims for the repayment of the principal and payment of accrued and outstanding 
interest, may be written down or converted (see also Adoption of resolution measures or crisis prevention 
measures against the Issuer may materially adversely affect the value of the Notes and the satisfaction of the 
claims from the Notes) without the consent of the creditors or the Issuer. Also if claims from the Notes are 
converted to equity or other common equity Tier 1 capital instruments of the bank, these equity or other 
common equity Tier 1 capital instruments of the bank may be further decreased, transferred, written down 
or diluted.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
The CNB would exercise the write-down or conversion in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings (i.e. claims would be written-down or converted in inverse order to the order in which 
the claims would be satisfied in insolvency proceedings). Accordingly, the impact of application of such powers 
on the Notes would depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy. The claims would be written-
down or converted in accordance with the following sequence (also called "loss absorbing cascade"): 
(i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes); (iv) 
eligible intragroup liabilities, (v) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; (vi) unsecured claims 
resulting from non-preferred debt instruments within the meaning of Section 374b of the Czech Act No. 
182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its Resolution (Insolvency Act), as amended from time to 
time (the Czech Insolvency Act) (such as the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes); (vii) unsecured and 
unsubordinated claims that are not resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of Section 374b of 
the Czech Insolvency Act (such as the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes); and (viii) the rest of bail-inable 
liabilities which rank senior to other unsubordinated claims (such as most deposits and secured claims). 
The Noteholders whose claims from the Notes have been written down or converted have, if they have 
registered with the CNB in accordance with the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the right to a 
compensation only if, after the adoption of the resolution measure or write-down or conversion of capital 
instruments, their status has deteriorated compared to a hypothetical status they would have in the Issuer’s 
insolvency proceedings, determined based on an independent valuation. If it follows from such valuation 
that as a result of a write-down or a conversion the Noteholders suffered a loss (represented as a difference 
between the amount the Noteholders received and the amount the Noteholders would receive in a 
hypothetical insolvency proceeding relating to the Issuer), the CNB decides that the Noteholders are entitled 
to a compensation. The compensation represents a safeguard (known as "no creditor worse off") whose goal 
is to ensure that no creditor obtains a worse status than it would have in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency. 
However, if such a compensation is granted it is possible that it will be made with a delay, in particular 
compared to the original payment dates of the Notes and the related interest. Furthermore, even if such a 
compensation is granted, it is likely that it would not compensate all the losses the Noteholders have 
suffered by the write-down or conversion of their claims from the Notes, because the purpose of the 
compensation is not to compensate the losses of the investors caused in this way in the full extent, but only 
in an extent in which those losses exceed the losses the investor would suffer in hypothetical insolvency 
proceedings with the Issuer (which would, as a general rule, be held under Czech law in accordance with 
the Czech Insolvency Act). 
It is likely that a decision on the write-down or conversion of claims from the Notes (as one of possible 
crisis resolution measures) will be unforeseeable, and it may depend on a number of factors that may be 
outside of the Issuer’s control. If the power of write-down or conversion is applied to the Issuer, the 
principal amount of the Notes may be fully or partially written down or converted into instruments of 
ownership, although claims of other creditors of the Issuer might not be affected. 
The adoption of any write-down or conversion powers or any proposal to exercise such powers, even if the 
likelihood of the exercise is low, or perception that the measure may be adopted even if such perception is 
not based on facts, may materially adversely affect the value of the Notes, and lead to the Noteholders 
losing some or all of their investment in the Notes. 
Noteholders may not be able to enforce their rights under the Notes in the event of the exercise of any resolution 
power 
Adoption of any resolution measure in relation to the Issuer by the CNB, or a circumstance that arises as a 
direct consequence of adoption of the measures, would not constitute an event of default and would not 
give the Noteholders the right of withdrawal, set-off or other termination of rights and liabilities under the 
Notes, provided the contractual obligations from the Notes continue to be performed (including payment 
obligations). 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act also enables the CNB to temporarily suspend the Issuer’s payments 
or other satisfaction of debts (including the debts from the Notes) until the end of the business day following 
the public announcement of a resolution measure. The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act also enables the 
CNB to postpone by up to 18 months, even repeatedly, the maturity of capital instruments issued by the 
bank (which include, among others, the Subordinated Notes) or the bank’s other liabilities that may be 
written down (which include, among others, the Eligible Notes), including the maturity of interest agreed 
in connection with such instrument or liability.

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
Moreover, under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the CNB may suspend the obligations of a Czech 
bank stemming out of agreements or contracts for up to two days, if the CNB (i) finds that the Czech bank 
is failing; (ii) it cannot reasonably be assumed that a private sector measure would avert its failure within 
a reasonable time; (iii) the suspension of the obligation is necessary to prevent a further deterioration of the 
financial situation of the Czech bank; and (iv) suspension of the obligation is necessary to determine 
whether crisis resolution is in the public interest, to select appropriate crisis resolution measures or to ensure 
their effective implementation. 
If any resolution power is exercised, any exercise of the rights associated with the Notes may also be 
restricted by the provisions of the resolution action or the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act. Therefore, 
it cannot be ruled out that the exercise of any resolution power may materially adversely affect the rights 
of the Noteholders, the value of the Notes, and/or the Issuer’s ability to satisfy the debts from the Notes. 
There are no events of default applicable in relation to the Notes, the Noteholders do not have the right to 
accelerate payments under the Notes or to request early redemption of the Notes upon a breach of the Terms 
and Conditions, in particular not even upon a default in payments under the Notes 
The Issuer issues the Notes for regulatory purposes, in particular to fulfil its obligations relating to the minimal 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable to the Issuer. Accordingly, the Subordinated Notes 
are intended to qualify as Tier 2 instruments eligible for inclusion in the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer pursuant 
to CRR (the Tier 2 Eligible Notes), and therefore also into the amount to be complied with for purposes of 
fulfilling the minimum capital requirements applicable to the Issuer. The Eligible Notes are intended to 
qualify as eligible liabilities instruments included in the amount to be complied with for purposes of fulfilling 
the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to the Czech Recovery 
and Resolution Act (MREL Eligible Notes). 
 
In relation to Tier 2 Eligible Notes and the MREL Eligible Notes, the CRR and the BRRD do not allow the 
Terms and Conditions to permit the Noteholders to accelerate payments under the Notes or to decide on early 
redemption of the Notes in other cases than in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency or liquidation. 
As a result of the regulatory restrictions applicable to Tier 2 Eligible Notes and MREL Eligible Notes, there are 
no events of default applicable in relation to the Notes and the Noteholders do not have the right to accelerate 
payments of interest or principal under the Notes or request early redemption of the Notes upon a breach of the 
Terms and Conditions, in particular not even when the Issuer fails to pay duly and in time the interest on, and 
repay the principal of, the Eligible Notes or if the Issuer fails to satisfy any other obligations associated with the 
Eligible Notes. 
The rights of holders of the Subordinated Notes and the Eligible Notes to accelerate payments or request early 
redemption are more limited than is usual with notes generally, and the holders of the Notes are thus exposed to 
a higher risk in the enforcement of their claims associated with the Notes. 
The Notes may not be subject to set-off or any guarantee 
The Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine their capacity to 
absorb losses in resolution and are neither secured nor subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement that 
enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. The Noteholders are not be entitled to set off any 
claim against the Issuer associated with the Notes against any Issuer’s claim. 
Particular risks relating to the Subordinated Notes  
The Subordinated Notes carry an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency or liquidation and 
if the Issuer is failing or likely to fail 
The Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer and shall be 
satisfied as subordinated obligations of the Issuer pursuant to Section 172(2) of the Czech Insolvency Act. The 
subordination of the Notes means that if the Issuer is declared insolvent or enters liquidation, the 
Subordinated Notes will be satisfied only after the satisfaction of all the other claims against the Issuer, 
except for claims having the same or lower position in the hierarchy of claims. Therefore, in the event of 
the Issuer’s insolvency or liquidation, the claims from the Subordinated Notes, including the claims for the 
repayment of the principal and payment of interest will be satisfied in particular after the full satisfaction 
all unsubordinated claims against the Issuer. If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to satisfy all the 
claims that are to be satisfied before the claims from Subordinated Notes, the claims from the Subordinated

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
Notes will not be satisfied, therefore investors in these Notes will lose the entire amount of their investment. 
If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to satisfy all the debts that are to be satisfied in the same ranking 
as claims from Subordinated Notes, these claims will be satisfied proportionately and only partially, 
therefore the investors will lose a part of their investment. Although with the Subordinated Notes there may 
be associated a right to a higher interest than in relation to other notes that have a higher ranking in the 
event of insolvency or liquidation proceedings, in the event the Issuer is declared insolvent or enters 
liquidation, the holders of the Subordinated Notes face (among others compared to depositors, other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer or holders of the Eligible Notes) an enhanced risk that their claims 
will not be satisfied, therefore also an enhanced risk of loss of a part or all of their investment. 
In the event of exercise of a power to write-down or convert under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, 
the claims against the Issuer would be written down or converted in inverse ranking to the ranking in which 
the claims in the Issuer’s insolvency proceedings would be satisfied. Moreover, a full write-down or 
conversion of capital instruments (i.e. CET 1, AT 1 and Tier 2 instruments, including the Subordinated 
Notes) or eligible intragroup liabilities must occur before, or at the latest together with, the adoption of certain 
resolution measures (write-down or conversion of eligible liabilities, transfer of activity to private acquirer, 
transfer of activity to bridge institution, or introduction of asset management vehicle). Therefore the holders of 
the Subordinated Notes face (among others compared to depositors, other unsubordinated creditors or 
holders of the Eligible Notes) an enhanced risk that if the Issuer is failing or likely to fail, their claims will 
be written down or converted, and consequently that the Noteholders will lose a part or all of their 
investment. 
Claims from the Subordinated Notes may be written down or converted also in the event the Issuer is determined 
not viable (and not only if the conditions for application of a resolution measure are fulfilled) 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act stipulates that claims from the Subordinated Notes may be written 
down or converted as capital instruments also if the CNB determines that the Issuer is not viable. Also if 
claims associated with the Subordinated Notes are converted to equity or other common equity Tier 1 capital 
instruments of the bank, these equity or other Tier 1 instruments of the bank may be further decreased, 
transferred, written down or diluted. 
The point of non-viability is the point at which the CNB determines that the bank either (i) meets the 
conditions for adoption of resolution measures; (ii) it is not viable without a write-down or conversion of 
capital instruments and eligible intragroup liabilities; or (iii) it is in a state that requires the providing of 
public support (with an exception envisaged by the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act). The point of non-
viability may be determined also on the level of the bank’s group. The bank or the group of which the bank 
is a member is non-viable without a write-down or conversion of capital instruments and eligible intragroup 
liabilities that may be written down if it is failing and, taking into account all the circumstances, it cannot 
be reasonably expected that any other measure than a write-down or conversion of capital instruments and 
eligible intragroup liabilities that may be written down made separately or together with another measure 
would avert its failure in a reasonable time. For the purposes of assessment according to the previous 
sentence, the bank’s group is failing if its member fails to meet the prudential requirements on a 
consolidated basis in such a way that it warrants an intervention by the CNB, or if, taking into account all 
the circumstances, it can be reasonably expected that this condition will be met in the near future. 
The exercise of the power to write-down or convert capital instruments and eligible intragroup liabilities 
that may be written down precedes the adoption of certain resolution measures (if any), in particular the 
exercise of the power to write-down or convert eligible liabilities, and its exercise is not always conditioned 
only by the Issuer failing.  
Therefore, the holders of the Subordinated Notes, compared to other claims that rank higher in the hierarchy 
of claims against the Issuer (among others all depositors, holders of the Eligible Notes and other 
unsubordinated creditors) face a higher risk of loss of a part or whole of their investment due to the exercise 
of the write-down or conversion powers. 
The holders of the relevant Subordinated Notes whose claims from the Notes have been written down or 
converted to absorb losses when the Issuer has been determined to be non-viable have, if they have 
registered with the CNB in accordance with the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the right to a 
compensation determined based on an independent valuation of the Issuer only if, after the adoption of the 
powers (if any), their status has deteriorated compared to a hypothetical status they would have in the 
Issuer’s insolvency proceedings determined based on an independent valuation. If it follows from such 
valuation that as a result of a write-down or a conversion the Noteholders suffered a loss (represented as a

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
difference between the amount the Noteholders received and the amount the Noteholders would receive in 
a hypothetical insolvency proceeding relating to the Issuer), the CNB decides that the Noteholders are 
entitled to compensation. The compensation represents a safeguard (known as "no creditor worse off") 
whose goal is to ensure that no creditor obtains a worse status than it would have in the event of the Issuer’s 
insolvency. However, if such compensation is made it is possible that it will be made with a delay, in 
particular compared to the original payment dates of the Notes and the related interest. Even if such a 
compensation is made, it is also likely that the compensation would not compensate all the losses the 
Noteholders have suffered by the write-down or conversion of their claims associated with the Notes as the 
purpose of the compensation is not to compensate the losses of the investors caused in this way in the full 
extent, but only in the extent in which those losses exceed the losses the investor would suffer in 
hypothetical insolvency proceedings with the Issuer (which would, as a general rule, be held under Czech 
law in accordance with the Czech Insolvency Act). 
The Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the Noteholders 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes will have no rights to call for the early redemption of their Subordinated 
Notes under any circumstances. 
Therefore, potential investors should not invest in the Subordinated Notes in the expectation that they have 
an early redemption right. Furthermore, Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes should be aware that they 
may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Subordinated Notes until their final 
maturity. 
For details and considerations relating to the absence of early redemption rights of Noteholders upon an 
event of default of the Issuer, see also There are no events of default applicable in relation to the Notes, the 
Noteholders do not have the right to accelerate payments under the Notes or to request early redemption of the 
Notes upon a breach of the Terms and Conditions, in particular not even upon a default in payments under the 
Notes above. 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue further debt instruments or 
incur further liabilities 
There are no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of ordinary secured or unsecured 
liabilities that the Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, ranking pari passu with or senior 
to the Subordinated Notes. 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring of such liabilities generally increases the risk that the 
Issuer will not be able to pay its debts under the Subordinated Notes and may reduce the amount (including 
to zero) recoverable by Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes upon the Issuer's insolvency. 
In the event of exercise of the crisis resolution measure of write-down and conversion of liabilities, all 
lower-ranking claims against the Issuer will have to be written-down or converted before the write-down 
and conversion of the higher-ranking claims. As a result, the issuance of debts ranking higher than the 
Subordinated Notes may unexpectedly increase the losses of holders of the Subordinated Notes if such 
measures are exercised. In the same way, issuance of pari passu debts to the Subordinated Notes may 
increase the losses of the holders of the Subordinated Notes proportionally. 
Given the subordinated status of the Subordinated Notes, this risk is significantly higher than in the case of 
other Notes or any other unsubordinated debt issued by the Issuer. 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at any time for reasons of taxation or regulatory reasons 
The Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the Subordinated Notes before their stated maturity (also 
before five years after the date of their issuance), at any time either for reasons of taxation or for regulatory 
reasons, if certain conditions are fulfilled. 
The Subordinated Notes are primarily intended to qualify as Tier 2 Eligible Notes. If due to a change in law 
the obligations under the Subordinated Notes are not, or in the future will not be, eligible for inclusion in 
the Tier 2 capital pursuant to Article 71 CRR of the Issuer or the Issuer’s group (Tier 2 Capital), and if 
other conditions stipulated in the Terms and Conditions are met, the Issuer may at any time redeem the 
Subordinated Notes early. Secondarily, a part of the obligations under the Subordinated Notes in the last 
five years of their maturity may be intended to qualify as eligible for inclusion into MREL. If due to a

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
change in law these obligations under the Subordinated Notes are not, or in the future will not be, eligible 
for inclusion in MREL, the Issuer may at any time redeem the Subordinated Notes early. 
The Issuer further may, if due to a change in law the applicable tax regime worsens for the Issuer (as 
specifically described in § 6 (3) of the Terms and Conditions) and if other conditions stipulated in the Terms 
and Conditions are met, also at any time redeem the relevant Subordinated Notes early. 
The classification of the debts associated with the Subordinated Notes for regulatory purposes for the entire 
duration of these debts up to their final maturity is uncertain due to the time-varying applicable banking 
regulations. Similarly, the tax regime applicable to the Issuer related to the Subordinated Notes changes. 
Therefore, it is impossible to foresee whether and when these events triggering the early redemption right 
of the Issuer occur, and if they do, whether the Issuer will exercise the right to redeem the Subordinated 
Notes early (although generally, the Issuer can be expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield on 
comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen, and the Issuer can be expected not to exercise its optional call 
right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has increased). 
If the Issuer redeems the Subordinated Notes early, it may adversely affect the Noteholders with respect to their 
investment strategies and intentions, planning of use of available funds, because after the early redemption of 
the Subordinated Notes interest will no longer accrue on the Subordinated Notes or because the Noteholder will 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds with comparable yield. Furthermore, the early redemption right 
of the Issuer or its exercise may also adversely affect the value of the Subordinated Notes, in particular if such 
an event can be expected, the market value of the Subordinated Notes would generally not significantly rise 
above the value for which the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed early.  
Additionally, no holder of the Subordinated Notes that is put at a disadvantage by the early redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes will have the right to request compensation for any consequences of the exercise of such 
rights by the Issuer on its tax liability, in particular to request damages from the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent, or any other person. The risk of exercise of these rights by the Issuer may affect the 
value of the Notes or the return on investment of the holders of the Subordinated Notes. 
Any rights of the Issuer to early redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes are subject to the prior permission 
of the Competent Authority 
Potential investors should not invest in the Subordinated Notes in the expectation that any early redemption right 
will be exercised by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, early redeem the Subordinated Notes at any time either for reasons of 
taxation or regulatory reasons, if certain conditions are fulfilled. In addition, if such right is foreseen in the Terms 
and Conditions, the Issuer may at its sole discretion redeem the Subordinated Notes before their stated maturity, 
but not before five years after the date of their issuance, on specified call redemption dates. 
However, any early redemption and any repurchase of the Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior permission 
of the Competent Authority, all if and as applicable from time to time to the Issuer. Under the CRR, the 
Competent Authority may only permit institutions to early redeem or repurchase Tier 2 Eligible Notes (such as 
the Subordinated Notes) if certain conditions prescribed by the CRR are complied with. These conditions, as 
well as a number of other technical rules and standards relating to regulatory capital requirements applicable to 
the Issuer, should be taken into account by the Competent Authority in its assessment of whether or not to permit 
any early redemption or repurchase. It is uncertain how the Competent Authority will apply these criteria in 
practice and such rules and standards may change during the maturity of the Subordinated Notes. It is therefore 
difficult to predict whether, and if so, on what terms, the Competent Authority will grant its prior permission for 
any early redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer would be granted the prior permission of the Competent Authority, any decision 
by the Issuer as to whether it will early redeem the Subordinated Notes will be made at the sole discretion of the 
Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact of exercising an early redemption 
right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions). The Issuer disclaims, and investors 
should therefore not expect (and not invest in the expectation), that the Issuer will exercise any early redemption 
right in relation to the Subordinated Notes. 
Market making by the Issuer for the Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior permission of the Competent 
Authority and certain conditions and thresholds

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
The Subordinated Notes may be repurchased by the Issuer (also for market making purposes) only subject to 
certain conditions, such as the prior permission of the Competent Authority, and within certain thresholds. 
These conditions and thresholds restrict the Issuer's possibility for market making for the Subordinated Notes. 
Such restrictions may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Subordinated Notes and may lead to 
inadequate or delayed market prices for the Subordinated Notes. 
The fact that Subordinated Notes are issued as green bonds or social bonds does not change the status or any 
other terms and conditions of the Subordinated Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in case of Subordinated Notes that are issued as green bonds or social bonds, 
potential investors should note that any failure by the Issuer to apply the net proceeds or an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds of such Subordinated Notes as stated in the section “Use of Proceeds” in the 
Final Terms of the respective Subordinated Notes or to obtain or publish any report, assessment, opinion 
and certification in connection with such green or social element of the Subordinated Notes or to obtain or 
uphold a listing or admission to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, will not (i) constitute 
an event of default under the Subordinated Notes, (ii) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder of the 
Subordinated Notes against the Issuer, (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem the Subordinated 
Notes or (iv) jeopardise the qualification of the Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 instrument. The net proceeds 
of the Subordinated Notes are not segregated and the performance of the assets in which the net proceeds 
or an amount equivalent to the net proceeds may have been invested has no impact on the payment of 
principal and interest on the Subordinated Notes. 
Particular risks relating to the Eligible Notes  
Non-Preferred Eligible Notes carry an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency and in case 
of write-off or conversion of eligible liabilities of the Issuer 
The Non-Preferred Eligible Notes constitute non-preferred senior obligations of the Issuer under debt 
instruments which meet the criteria for debt instruments pursuant to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency 
Act. In the event of a decision on the Issuer’s insolvency, claims from the Non-Preferred Eligible Notes 
may be satisfied only after all the other claims against the Issuer, except for claims having the same or 
lower position in the hierarchy of claims against the Issuer. Therefore, in the event of the Issuer’s 
insolvency, the claims from the Non-Preferred Eligible Notes, including the claims for the repayment of 
the principal and payment of interest, would be satisfied in particular only after the full satisfaction  of all 
unsubordinated claims against the Issuer (except those unsubordinated claims against the issuer that also 
meet the criteria for debt instruments pursuant to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act), but before 
subordinated claims against the issuer (such as claims from the Subordinated Notes). If the Issuer does not 
have sufficient assets to satisfy all the claims that are to be satisfied before the claims from Non-Preferred 
Eligible Notes, the claims from the Non-Preferred Eligible Notes will not be satisfied, therefore investors 
in these Notes will lose the entire amount of their investment. If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets 
to satisfy all the debts that are to be satisfied in the same ranking as claims from Non-Preferred Eligible 
Notes, these claims will be satisfied proportionately and only partially, therefore the investors will lose part 
of their investment. Although with the Non-Preferred Eligible Notes there may be associated a right to a 
higher interest than in relation to other notes that have a higher ranking in the event of insolvency 
proceedings, in the event the Issuer is declared insolvent, the holders of the Non-Preferred Eligible Notes 
face (among others compared to depositors, holders of the Ordinary Eligible Notes, and all other 
unsubordinated creditors that hold claims that do not meet the criteria for debt instruments pursuant to 
Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act) an enhanced risk that their claims will not be satisfied, therefore 
also an enhanced risk of loss of a part or all of their investment. 
In the event of exercise of a power to write-down or convert under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, 
the claims against the Issuer would be written down or converted in inverse ranking to the ranking in which 
the claims in the Issuer’s insolvency proceedings would be satisfied. Therefore the holders of the Non-
Preferred Eligible Notes face (among others compared to depositors, holders of the Ordinary Eligible Notes 
and all other unsubordinated creditors that hold claims that do not meet the criteria for debt instruments 
pursuant to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act, or) an enhanced risk that if the Issuer is failing or 
likely to fail, their claims will be written down or converted, and consequently that the holders will lose a 
part or all of their investment. 
The Eligible Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the Noteholders

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
Holders of the Eligible Notes will have no rights to call for the early redemption of their Eligible Notes. 
Therefore, potential investors should not invest in the Eligible Notes in the expectation that they have an 
early redemption right. Furthermore, Noteholders of the Eligible Notes should be aware that they may be 
required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Eligible Notes until their final maturity. 
Noteholders of the Eligible Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue further debt instruments or 
incur further liabilities 
There are no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of ordinary unsecured (preferred or non -
preferred), subordinated debt or other liabilities that the Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or 
incur, ranking pari passu with or senior to the Eligible Notes. 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring such liabilities or may reduce the amount (including to 
zero) recoverable by Noteholders of the Eligible Notes upon the Issuer's insolvency. 
In the event any resolution or crisis prevention measures pursuant to the Czech Resolution and Recovery 
Act are exercised against the Issuer, namely upon a write-off and conversion of liabilities or the write-off 
and conversion of capital instruments that may be written-off, all lower-ranking claims against the Issuer 
will have to be written-off or converted before the write-off and conversion of the higher-ranking claims. 
As a result, the issuance of debts ranking higher than the Eligible Notes may unexpectedly increase the 
losses of holders of the Eligible Notes if such measures are exercised. In the same way, issuance of pari 
passu debts to the Eligible Notes may increase the losses of the holders of the Eligible Notes proportionally 
as well. 
Given the status of the Non-Preferred Eligible Notes, the risk is significantly higher than in the case of 
other Eligible Notes or other unsubordinated debt that does not constitute non-preferred senior instruments 
according to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act. 
The Eligible Notes may be redeemed at any time for reasons of taxation or regulatory reasons 
If such right is foreseen in the Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the Eligible 
Notes before their stated maturity, at any time for reasons of taxation, if certain conditions are fulfilled. In 
any case, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the Eligible Notes before their stated maturity, 
at any time for regulatory reasons, if certain conditions are fulfilled. 
The Eligible Notes are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Notes. If due to a change in law the obligations 
for the repayment of the principal of the Eligible Notes are not, or in the future will not be, eligible for 
inclusion in MREL, and if other conditions stipulated in the Terms and Conditions are met, the Issuer may 
at any time redeem the Eligible Notes early. 
The Issuer further may, if due to a change in law the applicable tax regime worsens for the Issuer (as 
specifically described in § 6 (3) of the Terms and Conditions) and if other conditions stipulated in the Terms 
and Conditions are met, also at any time redeem the relevant Eligible Notes early. 
The classification of the debts associated with the Eligible Notes as eligible for inclusion into the MREL 
for the entire duration of these debts up to their final maturity is uncertain due to the time-varying applicable 
banking regulations. Similarly, the tax regime applicable to the Issuer related to the Notes changes over 
time. Therefore, it is impossible to foresee whether and when these events triggering the early redemption 
right of the Issuer occur, and if they do, whether the Issuer will exercise the right to redeem the Eligible 
Notes early (although generally, the Issuer can be expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield on 
comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen, and the Issuer can be expected not to exercise its optional 
call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has increased).  
If the Issuer redeems the relevant Eligible Notes early, it may adversely affect the Noteholders with respect 
to their investment strategies and intentions, planning of use of available funds, because after the early 
redemption of the Eligible Notes interest will no longer accrue on the Eligible Notes or because the 
Noteholder will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds with comparable yield. Furthermore, the 
early redemption right of the Issuer or its exercise may also adversely affect the value of the Eligible Notes, 
in particular if such an event can be expected, the market value of the Eligible Notes would generally not 
significantly rise above the value for which the Eligible Notes may be redeemed early.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
Additionally, no holder of the Eligible Notes that is put at a disadvantage by the early redemption of the 
Eligible Notes will have the right to request compensation for any consequences of the exercise of such 
rights by the Issuer on its tax liability, in particular to request damages from the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent, or any other person. The risk of exercise of these rights by the Issuer may affect 
the value of the Eligible Notes or the return on investment of the holders of the Eligible Notes. 
Any rights of the Issuer to early redeem or repurchase the Eligible Notes are subject to the prior permission of 
the resolution authority 
Potential investors should not invest in the Eligible Notes in the expectation that any early redemption right 
will be exercised by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, early redeem the Eligible Notes at any time either for reasons of 
taxation or regulatory reasons, if certain conditions are fulfilled. In addition, if such right is foreseen in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole discretion redeem the Eligible Notes before their stated maturity on 
a specified call redemption date. 
However, any early redemption and any repurchase of the Eligible Notes is subject to the prior permission 
of the resolution authority, all if and as applicable from time to time to the Issuer. Under the CRR, the 
resolution authority may only permit institutions to early redeem or repurchase MREL Eligible Notes (such 
as the Eligible Notes) if certain conditions prescribed by the CRR are complied with. These conditions, as 
well as a number of other technical rules and standards relating to regulatory capital requirements applicable 
to the Issuer, should be taken into account by the resolution authority in its assessment of whether or not to 
permit any early redemption or repurchase. It is uncertain how the resolution authority will apply these 
criteria in practice and such rules and standards may change during the maturity of the Eligible Notes. It is 
therefore difficult to predict whether, and if so, on what terms, the resolution authority will grant its prior 
permission for any early redemption or repurchase of the Eligible Notes. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer would be granted the prior permission of the resolution authority, any 
decision by the Issuer as to whether it will early redeem the Eligible Notes will be made at the sole discretion 
of the Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact of exercising an early 
redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions). The Issuer disclaims, 
and investors should therefore not expect (and not invest in the expectation), that the Issuer will exercise 
any early redemption right in relation to the Eligible Notes. 
Non-Preferred Eligible Notes are a new type of notes that has only a relatively short trading history 
Non-Preferred Eligible Notes are a relatively new type of notes, explicitly foreseen by legislation only 
lately in Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017. 
Trading of Non-Preferred Eligible Notes has only a limited and short history, which is especially minimal 
in case of issuers from the Czech Republic. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, have 
limited experience in assessing the risks associated with senior non-preferred claims, which are associated 
with Non-Preferred Eligible Notes. Therefore, the possible rating of these Notes may change with a change 
of approach of credit rating agencies to this type of Notes, and their value may vary significantly according 
to increasing amounts of experience with this type of Notes. It cannot be ruled out that the value of the 
Non-Preferred Eligible Notes compared to the value expected at their issue will be lower over time for the 
above reasons, and thus that the holders of these Notes will suffer losses on their investments. 
Market making by the Issuer for the Eligible Notes is subject to the prior permission of the resolution authority 
and certain conditions and thresholds 
The Eligible Notes may be repurchased by the Issuer (also for market making purposes) only subject to 
certain conditions, such as the prior permission of the resolution authority, and within certain thresholds. 
These conditions and thresholds restrict the Issuer's possibility for market making for the Eligible Notes. 
Such restrictions may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Eligible Notes and may lead to 
inadequate or delayed market prices for the Eligible Notes. 
The fact that Eligible Notes are issued as green bonds or social bonds does not change the status or any other 
terms and conditions of the Eligible Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
For the avoidance of doubt, in case of Eligible Notes that are issued as green bonds or social bonds, potential 
investors should note that any failure by the Issuer to apply the net proceeds or an amount equivalent to the net 
proceeds of such Eligible Notes as stated in the section “Use of Proceeds” in the Final Terms of the respective 
Eligible Notes or to obtain or publish any report, assessment, opinion and certification in connection with such 
green or social element of the Eligible Notes or to obtain or uphold a listing or admission to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market, will not (i) constitute an event of default under the Eligible Notes, (ii) give rise to 
any claim of a Noteholder of the Eligible Notes against the Issuer, (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to 
redeem the Eligible Notes or (iv) jeopardise the qualification of the Eligible Notes as MREL Eligible Notes. The 
net proceeds of the Eligible Notes are not segregated and the performance of the assets in which the net proceeds 
or an amount equivalent to the net proceeds may have been invested has no impact on the payment of principal 
and interest on the Eligible Notes. 
Risks relating to the specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
Fixed Rate Notes (including Step-up/Step-down Notes) 
A Noteholder with a fixed rate of interest (the Fixed Rate Notes) is exposed to the risk that the price of such 
Note falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Note, the current interest rate on capital 
markets ("market interest rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price 
of a Fixed Rate Note also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of 
a Fixed Rate Note typically falls, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. 
If the market interest rate falls, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Note is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. The same risks apply to fixed rate Notes where the fixed rate of 
interest increases over the term of the Note (the Step-up Notes) or where the fixed rate of interest decreases over 
the term of the Note (the Step-down Notes and, together with Step-up Notes, the Step-up/Step-down Notes) if 
the market interest rates in respect of comparable Notes are higher than the rates applicable to such Notes.  
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes  
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate. Such 
conversion may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes. The spread on the Fixed to 
Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes 
relating to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the interest 
rates payable on other Notes. 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such 
conversion may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes. A Noteholder of Floating to 
Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the fixed interest rate may be lower than the then prevailing interest 
rates payable on the Notes. 
Risks associated with the reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate 'benchmarks' 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which 
are deemed "benchmarks" (each a Benchmark and together, the Benchmarks) have become the subject of 
regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a 
Benchmark. 
 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council's regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
No 596/2014 (as amended, the Benchmarks Regulation).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including in any of 
the following circumstances:

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
• 
a rate which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorisation or is registered 
and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the administrator's legal 
benchmark system is considered equivalent (Article 30 of the Benchmarks Regulation), the 
administrator is recognised (Article 32 of the Benchmarks Regulation) or the Benchmark is endorsed 
(Article 33 of the Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional provisions). If this is not 
the case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted; and 
 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the 
rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could impact the Notes, 
including Calculation Agent determination of the rate. 
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmarks Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and 
investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated 
entirely, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating Rate Notes 
which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Notes, which in the end could lead, inter alia, to a previously available rate of the Benchmark 
being applied until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a 
fixed rate of interest, or, to determination of the applicable interest rate on the basis of another benchmark 
determined by the Issuer in its discretion or to an early termination of the relevant Notes at the option of the 
Issuer.  
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a material 
adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Although 
it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or any further changes in the 
administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of any Notes linked to 
the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that any changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amounts payable on, Floating Rate Notes whose rate of interest 
is linked to such Benchmark. In this context, it should be noted that also the EURIBOR is subject to constant 
review and revision. It is currently not foreseeable whether the EURIBOR will be discontinued from 2025. 
Under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission has also been granted powers to 
designate a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of an EU 
Member State, where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. It is currently unclear whether 
the fallback provisions of the Notes would be considered suitable, and there is therefore a risk that if the consent 
to solicitation is not successful the Notes would be required to transition to a replacement benchmark rate selected 
by the European Commission. There is no certainty at this stage what any such replacement benchmark would 
be. 
Risks associated with new reference rates such as SONIA, SOFR and €STR 
Interest rates of floating rate Notes may be linked, inter alia, to SONIA, SOFR and €STR (all together, 
the Alternative Reference Rates). 
SONIA is based on actual transactions and reflects the average of the interest rates that banks pay to borrow 
sterling overnight from other financial institutions. Investors should be aware that the market continues to 
develop in relation to the SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to 
Sterling LIBOR. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, 
if the Notes become due and payable, the rate of interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes 
became due and payable. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any such Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
On 22 June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (ARRC) convened by the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York identified the SOFR as the rate that 
represented best practice for use in certain new U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts. The Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York notes that use of the SOFR is subject to important limitations and disclaimers. SOFR 
is published based on data received from other sources. There can be no guarantee that the SOFR will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the 
respective Notes. If the manner in which the SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. SOFR has been published by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York since April 2018. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or 
trends in the SOFR as an indicator of future changes in the SOFR. Also, since the SOFR is a relatively new 
market index, the Notes might not yet have an established trading market when issued. Trading prices of the 
Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if the SOFR does not 
prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of 
debt securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in the Notes may not be able to sell the 
Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any such Notes. 
Similar to the approaches in the United States and the United Kingdom, the Governing Council of the European 
Central Bank (ECB) has decided to develop a euro short-term rate (€STR) based on data already available to the 
eurosystem. €STR reflects the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks, 
complements existing benchmark rates provided by the private sector and is published on each TARGET2 
banking day since 2 October 2019. Given that it cannot be excluded that further changes will be implemented 
and, in particular, that there is no historical data or trends that investors could rely on and that the transition from 
existing reference rates to €STR could result in further uncertainties and limitations. Investors in the Notes should 
consider all these factors when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
Since Alternative Reference Rates are a relatively new market index, the Notes may have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market 
terms for debt securities indexed to such Alternative Reference Rates, such as the spread over the index reflected 
in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt securities may be lower than 
those of later issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if these Alternative Reference Rates do not prove 
to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt 
securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at 
all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that these Alternative Reference Rates will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes. 
If the manner in which the respective Alternative Reference Rate is calculated is changed, that change may result 
in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. 
Risks of CMS Spread Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of CMS Spread Notes may provide for a variable interest rate (except for a possible 
agreed fixed rate payable to the extent provided for in the Terms and Conditions of Notes) which is dependent 
on the difference between rates for swaps having different terms (the CMS Spread Notes). 
Investors purchasing CMS Spread Notes might expect that, during the term of the CMS Spread Notes, (i) the 
interest curve will not, or only moderately, flatten out, or (ii), depending on the structure of CMS Spread Notes, 
expect that the interest curve will not steepen, as the case may be. In the event that the market does not develop 
as anticipated by investors and that the difference between rates for swaps having different terms decreases to a 
greater extent than anticipated, the interest rate payable on the Notes will be lower than the interest level 
prevailing as at the date of purchase. In a worst case scenario, no interest will be payable. In such cases, the price 
of the CMS Spread Notes will also decline during the term. 
CMS Spread Notes may be equipped with a cap with respect to the interest payment. In that case the amount of 
interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that the Noteholder will not be able to benefit 
from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. The yield of these Notes could therefore be lower than 
that of similarly structured Notes without a cap.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
CMS Spread Notes may also be issued with one or more initial fixed interest period(s) which are connected 
upstream to the floating rate interest periods. In such case, risks relating to Fixed Rate Notes apply with regard 
to the fixed interest period(s) of such CMS Spread Notes as well.  
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes do not pay interest periodically. Instead, the difference between the redemption price and 
the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity. A holder of Zero Coupon Notes is exposed to the risk 
that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes in the Market Interest Rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Notes 
are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate Notes and are likely to respond to a greater degree to Market Interest 
Rate changes than interest bearing Notes with a similar maturity. 
In addition, there is no gross-up obligation of the Issuer on payments in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, as 
stipulated in § 8 of the Terms and Conditions. 
Risks in connection with caps 
Interest rate and/or the redemption amount of an issue of Notes may be capped. The effect of a cap is that the 
amount of interest and/or the redemption amount will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so 
that the Noteholder will not be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. The yield 
could therefore be considerably lower than that of similar notes without a cap. The market value of such Notes 
may decrease or fluctuate over their term to a higher extent than comparable interest structured Notes without a 
cap. 
Risk of early redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer will have the right to call a certain series of Notes 
prior to maturity (optional call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand, whether the Issuer does not 
have the right to call such Notes at all or whether such Notes will be subject to early redemption upon the 
occurrence of an event indicated in the applicable Final Terms (early redemption event).  
If the Issuer redeems Notes prior to their maturity or Notes are subject to early redemption due to an early 
redemption event, a holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption its investment 
will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield 
on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen which means that the investor may only be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can be expected 
not to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has increased. In this 
event an investor will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. 
It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may exercise any optional call right irrespective of Market Interest 
Rates on a call date. 
Noteholders may be subject to the risk that interest / redemption proceeds earned/received from an investment 
in the Notes may not in the event of early redemption of any Notes be able to be reinvested in such a way that 
they earn the same rate of return as the redeemed Notes.  
For further specific risk aspects in connection with an early redemption of Subordinated Notes and Eligible Notes 
see also the risk factors: Particular risks relating to the Subordinated Notes and Particular risks relating to the 
Eligible Notes above. 
Risks associated with the withholding taxation regime in the Czech Republic 
The Czech tax treatment of the Notes has been significantly affected by the 2021 ITA Amendment and the 2022 
Banking Act Amendment (all capitalized terms used in this risk factor are defined in section Taxation where 
more information on the taxation regime in the Czech Republic can be obtained and in section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes). 
Such Czech tax changes may result in a potential Withholding Tax of up to 35 per cent. in respect of interest 
payments on the Notes even to Beneficial Owners who would otherwise be entitled to tax relief (whether in the 
form of an exemption or a reduced rate) (the Tax Relief) unless certain administrative and technical steps, 
including certifications by the holders, are complied with (for more details about these steps please refer to the 
Certification Procedures under Risks associated with the evidencing of Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax 
Relief). Furthermore, where the Notes are issued at a price lower than its principal amount (i.e. below par), a

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
failure to comply with these steps could trigger a withholding of Tax Security of 1% from any payment of 
principal on such Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions may stipulate that no gross-up on any payment in respect of the Notes will be provided 
by the Issuer, in which case no gross-up obligation will apply in respect of any payments in respect of the Notes.  
Furthermore, even if § 8 of the Terms and Conditions stipulates that a gross-up obligation of the Issuer applies, 
the gross-up obligation will apply only to payments of interest (and not principal) and there are certain carve 
outs under which, for example, no gross-up applies to payments in respect of Notes the Beneficial Owner of 
which is a Czech Tax Resident individual.There may be certain other carve outs from gross-up applicable, mainly 
to payments in respect of Notes the Beneficial Owner of which is a Person Related Through Capital with the 
Issuer. These carve outs from the gross up obligation will apply even if the Beneficial Ownership Information 
has been duly provided. 
In addition, no gross-up obligation of the Issuer will ever apply to payments in respect of Zero Coupon Notes 
and, subject to any carve-out from the gross up obligation, gross-up will apply only to payments of interest (and 
not principal) in respect of all other Notes, as is stipulated in § 8 of the Terms and Conditions. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding the implications for their potential purchase, holding, or 
sale of any Notes. Given that the new taxation regime is applicable in the Czech Republic only from 1 January 
2022, it is not yet possible to determine the exact implications that the new regime may have on the holders of 
the Notes. Further, the new tax regime of the Notes is currently associated with many ambiguities and may be 
subject to further changes. 
For additional information on the Czech taxation regime, please see section Taxation. 
Risks associated with the evidencing of Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax Relief 
Under Czech tax law, the Issuer is personally liable for (i) any Withholding Tax (all capitalized terms used in 
this risk factor are defined in the sections Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Taxation) and Tax Security (as 
the case may be) which are required to be withheld or deducted at source at the appropriate rate under any 
applicable law by or within the Tax Jurisdiction from any payment of interest and principal in respect of Notes 
as well as (ii) the granting of any Tax Relief. The Issuer bears the related burden of proof, which necessitates, 
before any Tax Relief can be granted, collection of the Beneficial Ownership Information.  
Accordingly, for so long as this requirement is stipulated by Czech tax law, unless the Issuer receives, in 
accordance with the Certification Procedures, the Beneficial Ownership Information in relation to a payment of 
principal and interest in respect of a Note (whether this is because the relevant Beneficial Owner fails to provide 
such information or because the Certification Procedures have not been duly followed or for any other reason, 
except where this is caused by actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents), the Issuer will withhold (i) up to 
35 per cent. Withholding Tax from any payment of interest on such Note and (ii) if such Note was issued at a 
price lower than its principal amount (i.e. below par) 1 per cent. Tax Security from any payment of principal on 
such Note unless the Issuer has the necessary information (by virtue of other means) enabling the Issuer not to 
apply the Withholding Tax (or to apply it at a lower rate) or not to apply the Tax Security (as the case may be) 
and the Issuer will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding. 
As a result, the Beneficial Owner will be required to provide, in order to be entitled to any Tax Relief, the 
Beneficial Ownership Information. If the Beneficial Owner fails to provide the Beneficial Ownership 
Information or it is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, payments of interest to such Beneficial Owner will be 
subject to Withholding Tax of up to 35 per cent and if the Note was issued at a price lower than its principal 
amount (i.e. below par), the Tax Security of 1 per cent. from any payment of principal on such Note will also 
apply. However, if the Beneficial Owner would otherwise be entitled to any Tax Relief, it may then make use of 
the Quick Refund Procedure to recover any such amounts withheld.  
Should the Beneficial Owner, who would otherwise be entitled to any Tax Relief, fail for any reason to make 
use of the Quick Refund Procedure, the Beneficial Owner may make use – with respect to Withholding Tax only 
– of the Standard Refund Procedure. There is a risk, however, that such Beneficial Owner may not, in spite of 
duly providing the Beneficial Ownership Information obtain a refund of any amounts withheld, as under the 
Standard Refund Procedure, it is conditional on the ability of the Issuer to, firstly, successfully obtain a 
corresponding refund of the amounts originally withheld and paid to the Czech tax authorities. The use of the 
Standard Refund Procedure is also subject to a fee in respect of the Issuer’s administrative costs in following this 
procedure.

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
In addition, a concept of the Entitlement Date (as defined below) is reflected in the Terms and Conditions (see 
risk factor Entitlement date applicable in respect of the Bearer Notes below) and this concept will also be taken 
into account for the purposes of the Certification Procedures and may adversely affect the Beneficial Owner’s 
eligibility for any Tax Relief to be granted under these procedures. 
The Certification Procedures have not yet been tested in practice and, as such, there is a risk that the procedures 
may be burdensome on the Beneficial Owners or result in additional costs being incurred by the Beneficial 
Owners. Further, the Issuer accepts no responsibility and will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by 
any Beneficial Owner who would otherwise be entitled to a Tax Relief, but payments on the Notes to whom are 
nonetheless paid net of any Withholding Tax or Tax Security (as the case may be) withheld by the Issuer either 
because the Certification Procedures have proven ineffective or because the Certification Procedures have not 
been duly followed or for any other reason, except where this is caused by actions or omissions of the Issuer or 
its agents. 
Where the Beneficial Owner does not hold Notes directly on an account in the books of the ICSDs, it may not 
be able to benefit from the Certification Procedures if the intermediary through which it holds the Notes in the 
respective ICSD has not implemented the Certification Procedures.  
In addition, in accordance with the terms and conditions between the ICSDs and the participants to the ICSDs, 
the ICSDs are not obliged to provide tax assistance and may unilaterally decide to discontinue the application of 
tax services, for which no liability for any consequences is accepted. Consequently, there is a risk that the 
Certification Procedures may be discontinued at any time. 
See section Taxation for a fuller description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes and the formalities 
which the Beneficial Owners must follow in order to claim exemption from Withholding Tax and Tax Security 
(as applicable) as well as the procedures and formalities for claiming a refund of amounts that have been 
withheld, where applicable. 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes  
Entitlement date applicable in respect of the Bearer Notes 
Although a concept of a record date/entitlement date is not usually applicable to Bearer Notes, the Terms and 
Conditions introduce this concept as the Certification Procedures (see risk factor Risks associated with the 
evidencing of Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax Relief above) require for it to be present in the 
documentation to ensure that the Certification Procedures work as intended. A concept of a record 
date/entitlement date serves as a cut-off date for determining the Noteholders entitled to receive the payments of 
principal, interest or other amounts in respect of the Notes as at the relevant payment date. Application of such 
concept in respect of the Bearer Notes has not been tested in practice. 
As set out in the Terms and Conditions, any payments of principal, interest or any additional amounts in respect 
of the Notes will only be made to a Noteholder that was a Noteholder as of the close of business on the date 
being 15 Business Days prior to due date for the relevant payment date (the Entitlement Date). Accordingly, in 
case of any sale and transfer of the Notes in the period between the Entitlement Date and the relevant payment 
date, the Issuer will pay such amounts to a Noteholder that held the Notes as of the Entitlement Date and not to 
a Noteholder to which the Notes had been transferred after the Entitlement Date. Such Noteholder will not be 
able to recover any amounts paid to the Noteholder that held the Notes as of the Entitlement Date. 
Liquidity risk 
Application for the Programme has been made in order for any Notes to be issued under the Programme to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to be traded on the Regulated Market "Bourse de 
Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and application may be made to admit the Notes on any other 
stock exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether 
the Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance that any liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop 
the Notes could trade at prices that may be higher or lower than the initial offering price depending on many 
factors, including prevailing interest rates, the Issuer's operating results, the market for similar securities and 
other factors, including general economic conditions, performance and prospects, as well as recommendations 
of securities analysts. The liquidity of, and the trading market for, the Notes may also be adversely affected by 
declines in the market for debt securities generally. Such a decline may affect any liquidity and trading of the 
Notes independent of the Issuer's financial performance and prospects.

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. 
If the Notes are not listed on any stock exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, be more 
difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor might 
not be able to sell its Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally 
be restricted by country specific reasons. 
Investors should note that difficult global credit market conditions may adversely affect the liquidity not only in 
the primary market but also in the secondary market for debt securities issued by the Issuer and may affect the 
liquidity of any primary or secondary market in which Notes to be issued by the Issuer may be traded. The Issuer 
cannot predict when these circumstances will change. 
Market price risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of levels of the 
current market interest rate on the capital market for issues of the same maturity (the Market Interest Rate), 
development of an underlying, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the 
lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Noteholder is therefore exposed to the risk of an 
unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if it sells the Notes prior to the final 
maturity of such Notes. If the Noteholder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity the Notes shall be 
redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Noteholders of Fixed Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result 
of changes in the Market Interest Rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market 
typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also 
changes, but in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes 
typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate of comparable 
issues. If the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until the yield of such 
Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate of comparable issues. If Noteholders of Fixed Rate 
Notes hold such Notes until maturity, changes in the Market Interest Rate are without relevance to such 
Noteholders as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of 
such Notes. 
Noteholders of Floating Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of 
Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should 
be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Noteholders of Zero Coupon Notes are exposed to the risk that the price of the Notes falls as a result of changes 
in the Market Interest Rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Notes are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate Notes and 
are likely to respond to a greater degree to Market Interest Rate changes than interest bearing Notes with a similar 
maturity. 
Other related risks 
Ratings of the Notes, if any, may not reflect all risks - ratings of the Notes may be subject to change at all 
times 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed herein and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No 
assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit rating 
will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. 
Rating agencies may also change their methodologies for rating securities in the future. Any suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one or more of the credit rating 
could adversely affect the value and trading of such Notes. 
Rating agencies may change their methodologies for rating securities with features similar to those in the future. 
If the rating agencies were to change their practices for rating such securities in the future and the ratings of the 
Notes were to be subsequently lowered, this may have a negative impact on the trading price of the Notes. In

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
any case, the ratings of the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Note, Social Note or 
Sustainability Note, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment 
criteria of an investor  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to 
apply an amount, which at the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, is equal to the net proceeds from an offer of 
those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental 
purposes, social or sustainable purposes (the Eligible Projects) in accordance with the Issuer’s Sustainability 
Bond Framework as defined under the "Use of Proceeds" below. Prospective investors should have regard to the 
information set out in the relevant Final Terms and the information set out in the section "Use of Proceeds" 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
The proceeds of such Notes are not segregated and the performance of the Eligible Projects in which the proceeds 
or an amount equivalent to the proceeds of the Notes may have been invested has no impact on the payment of 
principal and interest on the Notes. 
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Projects will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Projects (including in relation to the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and 
any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom).  
No assurance can be given that Eligible Projects will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such 
“green”, “sustainable”, “social” or similar labels (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any 
related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation 
and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may 
evolve from time to time. Any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes issued under the Programme 
will not be compliant with the EU Green Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements 
and processes in the Sustainability Bond Framework. It is not clear if the establishment of the EuGB label and 
the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" under the EU Green Bond 
Regulation could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not 
comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Notes, 
Social Notes or Sustainability Notes issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower 
demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes 
issued under this Programme that do not comply with those standards proposed under the EU Green Bond 
Regulation. 
Application of proceeds of such Notes for a portfolio of Eligible Projects will not result in any security, pledge, 
lien or other form of encumbrance of such assets for the benefit of the Noteholder of any such Note, nor will the 
performance of such projects or assets give rise to any specific claims under the Notes or attribution of losses in 
respect of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes so specified 
for Eligible Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects will be capable 
of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Projects. Nor can there be any 
assurance that such Eligible Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such 
event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. Also, any failure by the 
Issuer to provide any reporting or obtain any opinion will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Projects as aforesaid 
and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer 
is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or 
certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially 
the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Projects and/or result in adverse consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Sustainability Bond Framework and 
the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial 
adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability 
Notes before deciding to invest. In addition, the Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and 
change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any 
subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Sustainability Bond 
Framework do not form part of, nor are incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of 
any third party relating to any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes 
The Issuer has appointed ISS to assess its Sustainability Bond Framework and its alignment with the ICMA 
Principles and Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines (GBP/SBP/SBG), and to issue a 
second party opinion in respect thereof. SPO is published on the Issuer's website. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer and including 
SPO) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of Green Notes, Social Notes or 
Sustainability Notes and in particular with any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds of the 
Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes in the applicable Final Terms or the equivalent amount to 
fulfil any green, environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by 
the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Green Notes, Social Notes or 
Sustainability Notes. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current as at the date that 
opinion was initially issued, may be subsequently withdrawn and may not address risks that relate to any Eligible 
Project or may affect the value of the Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes. The providers of such reports, assessments, 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of SPO and any other such opinion or certification may 
change at any time and SPO may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn at any time. 
Any withdrawal of SPO or any other opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes in respect of which such opinion or certification is given 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein. SPO and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, 
in this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party report, assessment, opinion or certification, 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as 
a result of the Notes not falling within the investor’s investment criteria or mandate). 
There is no assurance that Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes will be admitted to trading on 
any dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that 
any admission obtained will be maintained 
If Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes are at any time listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
"green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
or by its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from any Green Notes, Social Notes or 
Sustainability Notes. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given 
or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be obtained in respect of any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Notes, Social Notes or 
Sustainability Notes concerned.  
Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes are not linked to the performance of the Eligible Projects, 
do not benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual rights 
derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of such Notes 
The performance of the Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes is not linked to the performance of 
the relevant Eligible Projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. 
There will be no segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability 
Notes and the Eligible Projects. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or interest on the Green Notes, 
Social Notes or Sustainability Notes nor any rights of Noteholders shall depend on the performance of the 
relevant Eligible Projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such environmental or similar targets. 
Holders of any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes shall have no preferential rights or priority 
against the assets of any Eligible Project nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the 
Notes. 
The Notes are not covered by any (statutory or voluntary) deposit guarantee scheme  
Claims of the Noteholders under the Notes are not covered by the statutory deposit protection (pojištění 
pohledávek z vkladů). Such Noteholders’ claims may only be satisfied in the ranking described in the Terms and 
Conditions. Therefore, in such case and upon the insolvency of the Issuer, Noteholders could be subject to the 
risk of a significant loss of their investment in the Notes. 
Risks related to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 
Since the Terms and Conditions of Notes issued under the Programme provide for meetings of Noteholders of a 
series of Notes or the taking of votes without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes may be amended 
(as proposed or agreed by the Issuer) by majority resolution of such Noteholders and any such majority resolution 
will be binding on all Noteholders. Any Noteholder is therefore subject to the risk that its rights against the Issuer 
under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant series of Notes are amended, reduced or even cancelled by a 
majority resolution of the Noteholders. Any such majority resolution will even be binding on Noteholders who 
have declared their claims arising from the Notes due and payable based on the occurrence of an event of default 
but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment taking effect. According to the 
German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), the relevant majority for 
Noteholders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the 
relevant Notes outstanding. Therefore, any such resolution may effectively be passed with the consent of less 
than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. 
Under the SchVG, an initial common representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) of the Noteholders (the Holders' 
Representative) may be appointed in the terms and conditions of an issue.  
However, no initial Holders' Representative might be appointed in the Terms and Conditions at the issue date. 
Any appointment of a Holders' Representative at a later stage will, therefore, require a majority resolution of the 
Noteholders. If the appointment of a Holders' Representative is delayed, this will make it more difficult for 
Noteholders to take collective action to enforce their rights under the Notes. 
If a Holders' Representative will be appointed by majority decision of the Noteholders it is possible that 
Noteholders may be deprived of their individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and 
Conditions against the Issuer, if such right was passed to the Holders' Representative by majority vote who is 
then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Noteholders. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate if, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the Notes 
due and payable shall become effective only when the Paying Agent has received such default notices from 
Noteholders representing at least 15 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding.

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
Under the SchVG, even if a default notice is given by a sufficient number of Noteholders, it could be rescinded 
by majority resolution within three months. A simple majority of votes would be sufficient for a resolution on 
the rescission of such acceleration but, in any case, more Noteholders would have to consent to a rescission than 
have delivered default notices. Noteholders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able to accelerate 
their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required quorum of Noteholders with 
respect to the Notes delivers default notices and such acceleration is not rescinded by majority resolution of the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
CONSENT TO USE THE NOTES 
The Issuer may give its consent pursuant to Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation to the use of this Base 
Prospectus in the context of a specific offer / issue of a Series / Tranche either by way of (i) general consent to 
use the Base Prospectus, if so applied in the Final Terms or (ii) specific consent to use the Base Prospectus, if so 
applied in the Final Terms. However, the Issuer may also give no consent to use the Base Prospectus at all, if so 
applied in the Final Terms. 
(i) General Consent to use the Base Prospectus  
In the context of any offer of Notes that is not within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation (the Non-exempt Offer), each Dealer subsequently reselling or finally placing 
the Notes and/or each further credit institution and/or each regulated financial institution in the EU and/or each 
financial intermediary which is authorised under MiFID to subsequently resell or finally place the Notes (together 
the Generally Authorised Offerors) may be entitled to use this Base Prospectus only in the Czech Republic 
and/or Luxembourg if that consent was given in the relevant Final Terms, for the subsequent resale or final 
placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period or such other period as determined in the 
relevant Final Terms, provided however, that any conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms are satisfied 
by any Generally Authorised Offerors and that the Base Prospectus is still valid in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation and the Luxembourg Law. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in the Base 
Prospectus with respect to such subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes in the Czech Republic 
and/or Luxembourg for which it has given its consent referred to herein in relation to any person to whom an 
offer of any Notes is made by a Generally Authorised Offeror, where the offer is made during the period for 
which that consent is given and where the offer is in compliance with all conditions in connection with giving of 
the consent, all as mentioned in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right 
to withdraw its consent to use this Base Prospectus any time. 
In particular, when using the Base Prospectus, each Dealer has to state on its website that it uses the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the conditions as set out in the Final Terms. 
(ii) Specific Consent to use the Base Prospectus 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer, only the institutions named in the relevant Final Terms and/or stated on 
the Issuer's website www.rb.cz are entitled to use this Base Prospectus in the Czech Republic and/or Luxembourg 
if that consent was given in the relevant Final Terms for the subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant 
Notes during the respective offer period or such other period as determined in the relevant Final Terms, provided 
however, that any conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms are satisfied by any Dealer and that the Base 
Prospectus is still valid in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. The 
Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in the Base Prospectus also with respect to such 
subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes in the Czech Republic and/or Luxembourg for which 
it has given its consent referred to herein in relation to any person to whom an offer of any Notes is made by a 
Dealer, where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given and the offer is in compliance 
with all conditions in connection with giving of the consent, all as mentioned in the Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw its consent to use this Base Prospectus at any 
time. 
The Issuer may give consent to additional financial intermediaries after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, 
if the Issuer does so, the above information in relation to them will be published on the website of the Issuer 
www.rb.cz. 
(iii) No consent 
The Issuer may give no consent to use this Base Prospectus at all. 
(iv) Provisions for both types of consent to use the Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before 
such delivery. Any supplement to this Base Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of the Issuer www.rb.cz.

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
Any new information with respect to the financial intermediaries, unknown at the time of the approval of this 
Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms, as the case may be, will be published on the website of the 
Issuer www.rb.cz. 
When using the Base Prospectus, each Dealer must make certain that it complies with all applicable laws and 
regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer, the Dealer shall provide information to investors on the 
Conditions of the offer at the time of that offer.

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF shall be 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditor's report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 of the Issuer including the information set out at the following pages9 of the annual 
report for 2022: 
Auditor's Report ................................................................... 
Pages 57 to 63 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ............ 
Page 65 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ..................... 
Pages 66 to 67 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ..................... 
Page 68 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ..................................... 
Page 69 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ........................ 
Pages 70 to 195 
Available at: 
https://www.rb.cz/attachments/vyrocni-
zpravy/Raiffeisenbank_a_s_Annual_Financial_Report_2022_EN.pdf  
(b) 
the auditor’s report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 December 2023 of the Issuer including the information set out at the following pages10 of the annual 
report for 2023: 
Auditor's Report ................................................................... 
Pages 58 - 64 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ............ 
Page 66 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ..................... 
Pages 67 to 68 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ..................... 
Page 69 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ..................................... 
Page 70 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ........................ 
Pages 71 to 192 
Available at:  
https://www.rb.cz/attachments/vyrocni-
zpravy/Raiffeisenbank_a_s_Annual_Financial_Report_2023_EN.pdf 
Any parts which are not explicitly listed in the above cross-reference lists are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. All documents incorporated by reference 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in Luxembourg. 
 
9  
Please note that not all pages of the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 of 
the Issuer are paginated and as such the relevant pages refer to the pages of the relevant PDF file thereof. 
10  Please note that not all pages of the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 of 
the Issuer are paginated and as such the relevant pages refer to the pages of the relevant PDF file thereof.

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Notes. Any such supplement to this Base Prospectus will be approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Holding of Notes in a manner which would allow ECB eligibility 
If the recognition of the Notes as eligible collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem is intended, the following applies: 
(a) 
If the Notes are issued in the form of a ‘Classical Global Note’, the ‘Classical Global Note’ is intended 
to be deposited directly with CBF which does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility); or 
(b) 
If the Notes are issued in the form of a ‘New Global Note’, the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the international central securities depositaries (ICSDs) as common safekeeper 
which does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria (ECB eligibility).

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND RELATED INFORMATION 
This section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Related Information" comprises the following parts: 
1. 
General Information; 
2. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (German language version); 
3. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (English language version); and 
4. 
Form of Final Terms.

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
1. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Issue Procedures 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions of the Notes (the Terms and Conditions) are set forth in the following 2 options (each 
an Option and, together, the Options): 
Option I applies to Subordinated Notes. 
Option II applies to Eligible Notes. 
Type A and Type B 
Each set of Terms and Conditions contains, for the relevant Option, in certain places placeholders or potentially 
a variety of possible further variables for a provision. These are marked with square brackets and corresponding 
comments. 
The Terms and Conditions apply to a Series of Notes and as documented by the relevant Final Terms either in 
the form of "Type A" or in the form of "Type B": 
Type A 
If Type A applies to a Series of Notes the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Notes (the Conditions) 
will be determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will (i) determine which of the Option I and II of the Terms and Conditions shall apply to the 
relevant Series of Notes by inserting such Option in the Final Terms Part I and will (ii) specify and complete 
such Option so inserted, respectively. 
Where Type A applies, the Conditions only will be attached to the respective Global Note. 
Type B 
If Type B applies to a Series of Notes the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Notes (the Conditions) 
will be determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will (i) determine which of the Option I and II of the Terms and Conditions shall apply to the 
relevant Series of Notes and will (ii) specify and complete the variables that shall be applicable to such Series of 
Notes by completing the relevant tables pertaining to the chosen Option contained in PART I of the Final Terms. 
Where Type B applies, both (i) the completed tables pertaining to the relevant Option in PART I of the Final 
Terms, and (ii) the relevant Option I through II of the Terms and Conditions will be attached to the respective 
Global Note. In such case, Noteholders have to use the information set out in Part I of the relevant Final Terms 
and read it together with the relevant Terms and Conditions by filling in relevant information into the 
placeholders and options of the relevant Terms and Conditions and by reading information provided in Part I of 
the Relevant Final Terms into the placeholders and options of the relevant Terms and Conditions. 
Language 
The Final Terms relating to a Series of Notes will determine whether the German or the English language version 
of the Terms and Conditions shall be controlling and binding. A translation into the English or German language 
version respectively will be provided for convenience only but will not be part of the Final Terms relating to 
such Series of Notes. 
The Final Terms relating to a Series of Notes may also determine that the Terms and Conditions are 
written in the German or in the English language only.

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
2. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES (GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION) 
OPTION I: 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN FÜR NACHRANGIGE SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
§ 1 
(Definitionen) 
Bedingungen bedeutet diese Emissionsbedingungen der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, wie 
vervollständigt. 
[Wenn Referenz-Zinssatz anwendbar, einfügen: 
Bildschirmseite [[●]] bedeutet [REUTERS Bildschirmseite [EURIBOR01] [PRBO=] [Bildschirmseite und 
ggf. zusätzliche Angaben einfügen] oder jede Nachfolgeseite.] 
[Wenn Referenz-Swapsatz anwendbar, einfügen: 
Bildschirmseite [[●]] bedeutet [●]] 
Clearing System bedeutet [im Fall von mehr als einem Clearing System einfügen: jeweils]: [Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxemburg, (CBL)] [,] [und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear)] [(CBL und Euroclear sind 
jeweils ein ICSD (International Central Securities Depositary) und zusammen die ICSDs)] [,][und] [anderes 
Clearing System angeben]. 
[Geschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [das Clearing System] [falls 
die Festgelegte Währung EUR ist oder TARGET aus einem anderen Grund benötigt wird, einfügen: [sowie] 
das Real-time Gross Settlement System des Eurosystems oder dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem (T2) 
(TARGET) betriebsbereit [ist] [sind][falls die Festgelegte Währung nicht EUR ist, oder falls aus anderen 
Gründen erforderlich, einfügen: [und] Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten 
Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln].] 
[Gläubiger bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
[Wenn Referenzwert anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
Referenzwert bedeutet einen Wert, [der] [dessen Entwicklung] [die Höhe] [eines/des/der variablen 
Zinssatzes/Zinssätze] [und] [oder][die Verzinsung für eine bestimmte Zinsenlaufperiode] [und][oder] [die 
Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibungen] [eine andere Rechtsfolge einfügen] bestimmt (z.B. ein Zinssatz, ein 
Swapsatz, ein Wechselkurs, etc.)  
[Wenn der Referenzwert ein Zinssatz ist einfügen: 
Referenz-Zinssatz ist der Angebotssatz für den [Zahl]-Monats [EURIBOR][PRIBOR] [anderen Referenz-
Zinssatz einfügen], der auf der Bildschirmseite am [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festsetzen] gegen [11.00] [maßgebliche Uhrzeit einfügen] Uhr 
([maßgebliche Zeitzone einfügen]) angezeigt wird. 
[Für EURIBOR oder einen anderen Referenzsatz außer PRIBOR und einem zusammengesetzten täglichen 
Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Sollte – außer im Falle eines Einstellungsereignisses (wie nachstehend definiert) - zu der genannten Zeit die 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird kein Angebotssatz angezeigt, ist der Zinssatz 
der auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigte Angebotssatz, wie oben beschrieben, am letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde. 
[Für PRIBOR einfügen: 
Sollte – außer im Falle eines Einstellungsereignisses (wie nachstehend definiert) - zu der genannten Zeit die 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird kein Angebotssatz angezeigt, so wird die 
Emittentin oder ein von ihr benannter Erfüllungsgehilfe die Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) 
auffordern, der Berechnungsstelle deren jeweilige Angebotssätze (jeweils als Prozentsatz [per annum] [anderen 
Zeitraum einfügen] ausgedrückt) für den Referenz-Zinssatz um ca. [11.00] [maßgebliche Uhrzeit einfügen] 
Uhr ([maßgebliche Zeitzone einfügen]) am [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festsetzen] zu nennen und die Emittentin bzw. der von ihr benannte 
Erfüllungsgehilfe werden in einem solchen Fall sämtliche erhaltenen Angebotssätze an die Berechnungsstelle

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
weiterleiten. Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Emittentin bzw. dem von ihr benannten 
Erfüllungsgehilfen solche Angebotssätze nennen, ist der Referenz-Zinssatz [für die betreffende 
Zinsenlaufperiode] das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein 
[Tausendstel] [Zehntausendstel] [Hunderttausendstel] [andere Rundungsregel einfügen] Prozent, wobei 
[0,0005][0,00005] [0,000005] [andere Rundungsregel einfügen] aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze[, 
jedoch zumindest 0,00 % p.a.], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
Falls an einem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag 
festlegen] nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der Emittentin bzw. dem von ihr benannten 
Erfüllungsgehilfen solche im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Angebotssätze nennt, ist der Referenz-Zinssatz 
[für die betreffende Zinsen-laufperiode] [anderes Ereignis festlegen] der Satz [per annum] [anderen Zeitraum 
einfügen], den die Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf 
das nächste ein [Tausendstel] [Zehntausendstel] [Hunderttausendstel] [andere Rundungsregel einfügen] 
Prozent, wobei [0,0005][0,00005][0,000005][andere Rundungsregel einfügen] aufgerundet wird) der 
Angebotssätze ermittelt, die die Referenzbanken bzw. zwei oder mehrere von ihnen der Emittentin bzw. dem 
von ihr benannten Erfüllungsgehilfen als den jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu dem ihnen um ca. [11.00][maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit einfügen] Uhr ([maßgebliche Zeitzone einfügen]) an dem betreffenden [Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] Einlagen in der festgelegten 
Währung für die betreffende Zinsenlaufperiode von führenden Banken im [Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Interbanken-Markt [in der Euro-Zone] angeboten werden[, jedoch zumindest 0,00 % p.a.]. 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenz-Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen ermittelt werden kann, 
so ermittelt die Emittentin den Referenz-Zinssatz [für die betreffende Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderes Ereignis 
festlegen] nach ihrem billigen Ermessen gemäß § 317 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB) und unter 
Berücksichtigung der operativen Erfordernisse der Berechnungsstelle. Die Emittentin wird die 
Berechnungsstelle über jegliche Bestimmungen informieren, welche sie selbst gemäß den Bedingungen gemacht 
hat. 
Referenzbanken bezeichnen die Niederlassungen von mindestens [vier][andere Anzahl einfügen] 
bedeutenden Banken am [relevanten] [maßgebliches Finanzzentrum einfügen] Interbanken-Markt [in der 
Euro-Zone].] 
[Für Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SONIA einfügen: 
SONIA bezeichnet für jeden SONIA-Geschäftstag einen Referenzsatz, der dem täglichen Sterling Overnight 
Index Average für diesen SONIA-Geschäftstag entspricht, wie von dem Administrator des SONIA autorisierten 
Stellen zur Verfügung gestellt und sodann auf der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht, oder, falls die Bildschirmseite 
nicht verfügbar ist, wie anderweitig von diesen autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht (jeweils an dem SONIA-
Geschäftstag, der diesem SONIA-Geschäftstag unmittelbar folgt). 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit von den 
autorisierten Stellen kein Angebotssatz angezeigt, ist SONIA: (i) der Zinssatz der Bank of England (der 
Einlagenzinssatz), der bei Geschäftsschluss am jeweiligen Londoner Geschäftstag gilt; plus (ii) der Mittelwert 
der Zinsspannen von SONIA zum Einlagenzinssatz der letzten fünf Tage, an denen SONIA veröffentlicht wurde, 
mit Ausnahme der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als eine höchste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser 
höchsten Zinsspannen) und der niedrigsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als eine niedrigste Zinsspanne gibt, 
nur eine dieser niedrigsten Zinsspannen) zum Einlagenzinssatz. 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von der Berechnungsstelle 
bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten vorangegangenen [Zinsenfestlegungstages] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstages] [Beobachtungstages] [anderen Tag festlegen] sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen 
solchen 
vorangegangenen 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungs-tag] 
[Beobachtungstag] 
[anderen Tag festlegen] gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche Schuldverschreibungen für die erste 
Zinsenlaufperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von gleicher 
Dauer wie die erste Zinsenlaufperiode aber endend am Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden. 
Wobei insofern gilt: 
SONIA-Geschäftstag bezeichnet jeden Tag, an dem Geschäftsbanken für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr 
(einschließlich des Handels mit Devisengeschäften und Deviseneinlagen) in London geöffnet sind.] 
[Für Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SOFR einfügen:

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
SOFR bezeichnet, in Bezug auf einen SOFR-Geschäftstag, einen Referenzsatz, der dem täglichen Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate entspricht, wie von der Federal Reserve Bank, New York als Administrator dieses 
Referenzsatzes auf der Webseite der Federal Reserve Bank, New York um oder gegen 17.00 Uhr (New Yorker 
Zeit) an dem SOFR-Geschäftstag, der unmittelbar auf diesen SOFR-Geschäftstag folgt, zur Verfügung gestellt 
wird. 
Sollte SOFR nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz angezeigt, und (1) 
sofern nicht die Emittentin der Berechnungsstelle bestätigt hat, dass sowohl ein SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis 
als auch ein SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der SOFR des letzten U.S. Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstags, für den der SOFR auf der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht wurde; oder (2) wenn die Emittentin der 
Berechnungsstelle bestätigt hat, dass sowohl ein SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SOFR Index 
Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der Zinssatz (einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen oder Anpassungen), der als 
Ersatz für den SOFR vom Federal Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder einem 
Ausschuss, der vom Federal Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York offiziell eingesetzt 
oder einberufen wurde, um einen Ersatz für die Secured Overnight Financing Rate (die von einer Federal Reserve 
Bank oder einer anderen ernannten Administrator festgelegt werden kann) vorzugeben, festgelegt wurde und der 
Berechnungsstelle durch die Emittentin mitgeteilt wurde, vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz der 
Berechnungsstelle innerhalb eines U.S. Staatsanleihen Geschäftstags nach dem SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag 
von der Emittentin als empfohlen mitgeteilt wurde, der Zinssatz für jeden [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] an oder nach dem SOFR Index 
Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (i) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR Bezugnahmen auf OBFR wären, (ii) 
Bezugnahmen auf U.S. Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage Bezugnahmen auf New York Geschäftstage wären, (iii) 
Bezugnahmen auf ein SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis Bezugnahmen auf ein OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis 
wären und (iv) Bezugnahmen auf einen SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag Bezugnahmen auf einen OBFR Index 
Einstellungsstichtag wären und weiterhin vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz der Berechnungsstelle 
durch die Emittentin innerhalb eines U.S. Staatsanleihen Geschäftstags nach dem SOFR Index 
Einstellungsstichtag als empfohlen mitgeteilt wurde und ein OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, der 
Zinssatz für jeden [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag 
festlegen] an oder nach dem SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (x) Bezugnahmen auf den 
SOFR Bezugnahmen auf die FOMC Target Rate wären, (y) Verweise auf U.S. Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage 
Verweise auf New York Geschäftstage wären und (z) Verweise auf die Bildschirmseite Verweise auf die Website 
der Federal Reserve wären. 
Wobei insofern gilt: 
FOMC Target Rate bezeichnet den kurzfristigen Zinssatz, festgesetzt durch das Federal Open Market 
Committee und veröffentlicht auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder, wenn das Federal 
Open Market Committee keinen einzelnen Referenzzinssatz avisiert, das Mittel des Zielbereichs des 
kurzfristigen Zinssatzes festgesetzt durch das Federal Open Market Committee und veröffentlicht auf der 
Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (berechnet als arithmetisches Mittel zwischen der oberen Grenze 
der Ziel-Bandbreite und der unteren Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite). 
U.S. Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag bezeichnet jeden Tag, ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder einen Tag, für 
den die Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association die ganztägige Schließung der Abteilungen für 
festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit U.S.-Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
OBFR 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jeden 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] die tägliche Overnight Bank Funding Rate hinsichtlich des jenem 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] 
[anderen 
Tag 
festlegen] 
unmittelbar vorangehenden New Yorker Geschäftstags, wie von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York als 
Administrator (oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator) eines solchen Referenzzinssatzes auf der Website der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York gegen 17:00 Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) an einem solchen 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] zur 
Verfügung gestellt wird. 
OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag bezeichnet in Bezug auf das OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis jenen Tag, 
an dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate) die Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder jener Tag, ab dem die Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate nicht mehr verwendet werden kann.

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(a) eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der 
OBFR), die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder 
bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin 
eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der OBFR) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR 
nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(c) eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche Stelle der USA, 
welche die Verwendung der OBFR, die auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, 
ohne auf diese begrenzt zu sein, verbietet. 
SOFR-Geschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag, der ein U.S. Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag und kein gesetzlicher 
Feiertag im Bundesstaat New York ist und kein Tag ist, an dem Bankinstitute in diesen Städten per Gesetz oder 
Verordnung zur Schließung befugt oder verpflichtet sind. 
SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag meint in Bezug auf das SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis jenen Tag, ab dem 
die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder jenen Tag, ab dem die Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate nicht mehr verwendet werden darf. 
SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(a) eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate), die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser 
Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur 
Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(c) eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche Stelle der USA, 
welche die Verwendung der Secured Overnight Financing Rate, die auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende 
inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, ohne auf diese begrenzt zu sein, verbietet.] 
[Für €STR einfügen: 
€STR bezeichnet, in Bezug auf einen €STR-Geschäftstag, einen Referenzsatz, der dem täglichen Euro-
Kurzfristsatz für diesen €STR-Geschäftstag entspricht, wie von der Europäischen Zentralbank als Administrator 
dieses Referenzsatzes (oder einem Nachfolge-Administrator dieses Referenzsatzes) auf der Webseite der 
Europäischen Zentralbank, derzeit unter http://www.ecb.europa.eu, zur Verfügung gestellt wird, oder unter einer 
Nachfolge-Webseite, die offiziell von der Europäischen Zentralbank (die EZB-Webseite) festgelegt wird, 
jeweils um oder vor 9:00 Uhr (Mitteleuropäische Zeit) an dem unmittelbar auf diesen €STR-Geschäftstag 
folgenden €STR-Geschäftstag. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll [die Berechnungsstelle] [●], vorbehaltlich, dass sie von der 
Emittentin schriftliche Anweisungen erhält, für den Fall dass die Europäische Zentralbank Leit-linien (i) 
zur Bestimmung von €STR oder (ii) zu einem Satz, der €STR ersetzen soll, veröffentlicht, in einem Umfang, 
der vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, solche Leitlinien beachten, um €STR für die Zwecke der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu bestimmen, so lange wie €STR nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten 
Stellen veröffentlicht worden ist. 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von [der Berechnungsstelle] 
[●] bestimmt 
werden 
kann, 
soll 
der 
Zinssatz 
(i) 
derjenige 
des 
letzten 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsenfestlegungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen vorangegangenen Zinsenfestlegungstag gibt, 
der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche Schuldverschreibungen für die erste Zinsenperiode anwendbar

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
gewesen wäre, wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste 
Zinsenperiode aber endend am Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden. 
Wobei insofern gilt: 
€STR-Geschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag, der ein TARGET Geschäftstag ist.] 
[Für EURIBOR oder einen anderen Referenz-Zinssatz außer einem zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-
Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Ersetzung des Referenz-Zinssatzes im Fall eines Einstellungsereignisses. Wenn die Emittentin nach billigen 
Ermessen bestimmt, dass (i) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder Information der zuständigen Behörde des 
Administrators des Referenz-Zinssatz veröffentlicht wurde, wonach der Referenz-Zinssatz nicht mehr 
repräsentativ oder kein branchenüblicher Satz für Schuldtitel wie die Schuldverschreibungen oder vergleichbare 
Instrumente mehr ist, (ii) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder Information veröffentlicht wurde, wonach der 
Administrator des Referenz-Zinssatz mit der geordneten Abwicklung des Referenz-Zinssatz beginnt oder die 
Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des Referenz-Zinssatz endgültig oder auf unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, sofern 
es zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung der Erklärung oder Information keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der 
den Referenz-Zinssatz weiter bereitstellen wird, (iii) der Administrator des Referenz-Zinssatz zahlungsunfähig 
wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) 
durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, (iv) die für den 
Administrator des Referenz-Zinssatz zuständige Behörde die Zulassung gemäß Artikel 35 der Verordnung (EU) 
2016/1011 (die Benchmark-Verordnung) oder die Anerkennung gemäß Artikel 32 Abs. 8 der Benchmark-
Verordnung entzieht oder aussetzt oder die Einstellung der Übernahme gemäß Artikel 33 Abs. 6 der Benchmark-
Verordnung verlangt, sofern zum Zeitpunkt des Entzugs oder der Aussetzung oder der Einstellung der 
Übernahme, es keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der den Referenz-Zinssatz weiterhin bereitstellt, und ihr 
Administrator mit der geordneten Abwicklung des Referenz-Zinssatz beginnt oder die Bereitstellung des 
Referenz-Zinssatz oder bestimmter Laufzeiten oder bestimmter Währungen, für die der Referenz-Zinssatz 
berechnet wird, endgültig oder auf unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, oder (v) der Referenz-Zinssatz anderweitig 
eingestellt ist oder es für die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle aus einem anderen Grund rechtswidrig wird, 
den Referenz-Zinssatz zu verwenden (jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der Referenz-Zinssatz [am][an] 
[jedem] [relevanten Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen 
relevanten Tag/Tage definieren] durch einen von der Emittentin gemäß den folgenden Absätzen in der 
Reihenfolge I)-III) bestimmten oder beschafften Satz ersetzt werden (der Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz):] 
[Falls der Referenz-Zinssatz SONIA® oder SOFR® ist, einfügen: 
Ersetzung des Referenz-Zinssatzes im Fall eines Einstellungsereignisses. Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die 
Berechnungsstelle den Referenz-Zinssatz nicht mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der Administrator des Referenz-
Zinssatz die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des Referenz-Zinssatz dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit 
einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des Referenz-Zinssatz zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, 
Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch 
die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der Referenz-Zinssatz anderweitig eingestellt 
ist (jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der Referenz-Zinssatz durch einen von der Emittentin gemäß den 
folgenden Absätzen in der Reihenfolge I)-III) bestimmten oder beschafften Satz ersetzt werden (der Nachfolge-
Referenzzinssatz):] 
I) 
Der Referenz-Zinssatz soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der durch anwendbare Gesetze oder 
Verordnungen bestimmt oder durch den Administrator des Referenz-Zinssatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank oder 
eine Regulierungs- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge-Zinssatz für den Referenz-Zinssatz bekannt gegeben 
wird und dessen Quelle der Berechnungsstelle zugänglich ist. Die Emittentin wird die Berechnungsstelle 
spätestens 10 Tage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] 
[anderen Tag definieren] und im Anschluss die Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 12 hierüber 
informieren. [Sofern an einem vorangegangenen [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] der Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz ebenfalls in Übereinstimmung 
mit den Regelungen des Absatzes I) bestimmt wurde, finden keine [weiteren] Veröffentlichungspflichten für die 
Emittentin in Verbindung mit dem Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz oder einer Anpassung oder Änderung hierzu 
oder in Bezug auf die Festlegung des [Zinssatzes] [oder] [Zinsenbetrags][anderen Betrag festlegen] wie unten 
dargestellt Anwendung;] 
II) Ein Unabhängiger Berater wird nach billigem Ermessen einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz bestimmen, der am 
ehesten mit dem Referenz-Zinssatz vergleichbar ist, vorausgesetzt, im Fall dass der Unabhängige Berater 
feststellt, dass es einen branchenweit als am ehesten mit dem Referenz-Zinssatz vergleichbar akzeptierten 
Referenzsatz gibt, er diesen Referenzsatz als Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwenden wird (der Nachfolge-

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
Referenzsatz) und eine Bildschirmseite bzw. eine Quelle bestimmen wird, die in Verbindung mit dem 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwendet werden soll (die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite). Vorausgesetzt die Nachfolge-
Bildschirmseite ist der Berechnungsstelle zugänglich, gilt jegliche Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite in 
diesem Dokument ab dem Datum der Festlegung eines Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite und die Regelungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Der Unabhängige Berater 
wird die Emittentin und die Berechnungsstelle spätestens 10 Tage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] über solche Festlegungen 
informieren. Anschließend wird die Emittentin die Gläubiger gemäß § 12 informieren. 
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des Referenz-Zinssatzes durch einen Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz gemäß den 
obigen Regelungen unter I) oder II) kann die Emittentin (nach Treu und Glauben und in wirtschaftlich 
angemessener Weise) (i) einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder eine Spanne (zu addieren oder zu 
subtrahieren) festlegen, der oder die auf den Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel 
ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt des Referenz-Zinssatzes vor Eintritt des 
Einstellungsereignisses im Einklang ist und (ii) weitere Änderungen, die für die Ermittlung des [Zinssatzes und 
die Berechnung des Zinsenbetrags] [anderen Satz/ Betrag festlegen] erforderlich sind, angeben, um der 
Marktpraxis in Bezug auf den Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz [(wie der Zinsentagequotient, die Geschäftstage-
Konvention, Geschäftstage, Zinsenfestlegungstage, die Methode zur Berechnung des Zinsbetrages)] zu 
entsprechen. Anschließend, jedoch nicht weniger als 10 Tage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] wird die Emittentin die Berechnungsstelle 
informieren und wird die Emittentin im Anschluss die Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 12 
informieren (außer im Fall des obigen Absatzes I)).  
III) Sollte die Quelle des Nachfolge-Zinssatzes für den Referenz-Zinssatz, der in Übereinstimmung mit obiger 
Ziffer I) bestimmt wurde, oder die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, die in Übereinstimmung mit obiger Ziffer II) 
festgelegt wurde, der Berechnungsstelle nicht zugänglich sein, oder der Unabhängige Berater keinen Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz spätestens 10 Tage vor dem unmittelbar folgenden [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] ermitteln und der Berechnungsstelle mitteilen 
können, oder im Fall, dass die Emittentin trotz angemessenen Bemühens keinen unabhängigen Berater bestellen 
konnte, oder der Zeitraum zur Bestimmung eines Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatzes gemäß den obigen Regelungen 
nicht ausreichend war, wird die Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen und nicht später als drei Geschäftstage vor 
dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] 
bezüglich 
[der 
nachfolgenden 
Zinsenlaufperiode][anderes 
Ereignis 
/ 
Tag 
definieren] 
(der 
Verfahrensfestsetzungstag) entscheiden: 
[a)] dass der Referenz-Zinssatz der Angebotssatz für den Referenz-Zinssatz ist, der auf der Bildschirmseite, wie 
vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem maßgeblichen [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren], an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden, 
erschienen ist und anschließend die Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 12 informieren[.][; oder 
b) vorzeitig die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig, aber nicht teilweise, durch Mitteilung gemäß § 12 und mit 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 20 Tagen zum [Endgültigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] [Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] (wie nachstehend gemäß § 6 definiert), zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem für diese vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufene Zinsen zurückzuzahlen, vorausgesetzt, dass die 
Voraussetzungen für Vorzeitige Rückzahlung und Rückkauf wie in § 6[(6)][(7)] (Voraussetzungen für Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung und Rückkauf) beschrieben, erfüllt sind.  
In dieser Mitteilung bezüglich der Rückzahlung muss enthalten sein: 
(i) die Serie der Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Rückzahlung betroffen ist; 
(ii) der für die Rückzahlung bestimmte Tag, welcher der zweite [Kupontermin][Zinsenzahlungstag] nach dem 
Verfahrensfestsetzungstag sein soll; und 
(iii) der [Endgültige][Vorzeitige] Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, gilt als [Zinssatz] 
[Referenz-Zinssatz] ab dem letzten [Kupontermin] [Zinsenzahlungstag][anderen Tag einfügen] vor dem 
Rückzahlungstag bis (ausgenommen) zum Rückzahlungstag der für die unmittelbar vorausgehende 
Zinsenlaufperiode geltende [Zinssatz] [Referenz-Zinssatz].]] 
Unabhängiger Berater bezeichnet ein unabhängiges international anerkanntes Finanzinstitut oder einen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit einschlägiger Expertise, das bzw. der von der Emittentin auf eigene Kosten 
bestellt wird.]

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
[Wenn der Referenzwert ein Swapsatz ist, einfügen: 
Referenz-Swapsatz ist der [[Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres-][Monats-] [relevante Währung 
einfügen][Swapsatz und bedeutet [[●] / Definition und Bildschirmseite einfügen].]  
Sollte am Zinsenanpassungs-Bestimmungstag der [[Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres] [Monats] 
Swapsatz][relevante Währung einfügen] [anderen Swapsatz einfügen] nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt werden, so ist der [[Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres] [Monats] [relevante Währung 
einfügen] Swapsatz][anderen Swapsatz einfügen] der Zinsanpassungs-Referenzbanksatz (wie nachstehend 
definiert) an diesem Zinsenanpassungs-Bestimmungstag. 
Zinsenanpassungs-Referenzbanksatz ist der von der Berechnungsstelle festgestellte Prozentsatz, der auf 
Grundlage der [[Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres][Monats] Swapsatz][anderen Swapsatz 
einfügen] Angebotssätze (wie nachstehend definiert), die von [fünf] [andere Anzahl einfügen] führenden 
[Swap] 
Dealern 
im 
Interbankenmarkt 
(die 
Zinsenanpassungs-Referenzbanken) 
am 
Zinsenanpassungs-Bestimmungstag gegen [Zeit einfügen] Uhr ([Zeitzone einfügen]) der Emittentin bzw. 
einem von ihr benannten Erfüllungsgehilfen auf deren Anfrage gemeldet werden, festgelegt wird. Soweit 
mindestens 
[drei] 
[andere 
Anzahl 
einfügen] 
Sätze 
mitgeteilt 
wurden, 
wird 
der 
Zinsenanpassungs-Referenzbanksatz auf den arithmetischen Mittelwert der Angebotssätze festgelegt, indem der 
höchste Angebotssatz (oder, im Falle von gleicher Höhe, einer der höchsten Angebotssätze) und der niedrigste 
Angebotssatz (oder, im Falle von gleicher Höhe, einer der niedrigsten) nicht berücksichtigt werden. Sofern der 
Zinsenanpassungs-Referenzbanksatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes bestimmt 
werden kann, entspricht der Zinsenanpassungs-Referenzbanksatz dem zuletzt auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigten [[Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres] Swapsatz] [anderen Swapsatz einfügen], wie er 
von der Berechnungsstelle bestimmt wird. 
[[[Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres] [Monats] Swapsatz][anderen Swapsatz einfügen] 
Angebotssatz bedeutet den arithmetischen Mittelwert von Kauf- und Verkaufssätzen für den Festzinssatz (auf 
Basis eines [Zinstagequotienten einfügen] Zinstagequotienten berechnet) für einen [Referenzswap einfügen], 
der (i) eine [Anzahl der [Jahre] [Monate] einfügen] Laufzeit hat, beginnend mit dem Zinsenanpassungstag, 
(ii) ein Betrag ist, der ein repräsentativer Wert für eine einzelne Transaktion im relevanten Markt zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt mit einem anerkannten Dealer mit guter Bonität auf dem Swapmarkt ist und (iii) einen variablen 
Zinssatz auf Basis des [Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (auf Basis eines [Zinstagequotienten einfügen] 
Zinstagequotienten berechnet) hat.] 
[ggf. andere Definitionen für Angebotssatz einfügen]  
Ersetzung eines [Referenz-Swapsatzes][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] im Fall eines Einstellungsereignisses. 
Wenn die Emittentin nach billigen Ermessen bestimmt, dass (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den 
[Referenz-Swapsatz] [anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] nicht mehr verwenden darf, oder (ii) der Administrator 
des [Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des 
[Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, oder 
(iii) der Administrator des [Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] zahlungsunfähig wird oder 
ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den 
Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Regulierungsbehörde eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der [Referenz-
Swapsatz] [anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] anderweitig eingestellt ist oder auf andere Weise nicht mehr zur 
Verfügung gestellt wird ((i) bis (iv) jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der [Referenz-Swapsatz] [anderen 
Angebotssatz einfügen] [am] [an] [jedem] [relevanten Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen relevanten Tag/Tage definieren] durch einen von der Emittentin gemäß den 
folgenden Absätzen in der Reihenfolge I)-III) bestimmten oder beschafften Satz ersetzt werden (Nachfolge-
Angebotssatz): 
I) 
Der [Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der 
durch anwendbare Gesetze oder Verordnungen bestimmt oder durch den Administrator des [Referenz-
Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen], die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Regulierungs- oder 
Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge-Zinssatz für den [Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] 
bekannt gegeben wird und dessen Quelle der Berechnungsstelle zugänglich ist. Die Emittentin wird die 
Berechnungsstelle spätestens 10 Tage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] und im Anschluss die Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 12 hierüber informieren. [Sofern an einem vorangegangenen [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] der Nachfolge-Angebotssatz ebenfalls in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regelungen des Absatzes I) bestimmt wurde, finden keine [weiteren] 
Veröffentlichungspflichten für die Emittentin in Verbindung mit dem Nachfolge-Angebotssatz oder einer

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
Anpassung oder Änderung hierzu oder in Bezug auf die Festlegung des [Zinssatzes] [oder] 
[Zinsenbetrags][anderen Betrag festlegen] wie unten dargestellt Anwendung;]  
II) Ein Unabhängiger Berater wird nach billigem Ermessen einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz bestimmen, der am 
ehesten mit dem [Referenz-Swapsatz] [anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] vergleichbar ist, vorausgesetzt, im Fall 
dass der Unabhängige Berater feststellt, dass es einen branchenweit als am ehesten mit dem [Referenz-
Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] vergleichbar akzeptierten Referenzsatz gibt, er diesen Referenzsatz 
als Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwenden wird (der Nachfolge-Referenzsatz) und eine Bildschirmseite bzw. eine 
Quelle bestimmen wird, die in Verbindung mit dem Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwendet werden soll (die 
Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite). Vorausgesetzt die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite ist der Berechnungsstelle 
zugänglich, gilt jegliche Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite in diesem Dokument ab dem Datum der Festlegung 
eines Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite und die Regelungen dieses 
Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Der Unabhängige Berater wird die Emittentin und die Berechnungsstelle 
spätestens 10 Tage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] 
[anderen Tag definieren] über solche Festlegungen informieren. Anschließend wird die Emittentin die 
Gläubiger gemäß § 12 informieren. 
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des [Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] durch einen 
Nachfolge-Angebotssatz gemäß den obigen Regelungen unter I) oder II) kann die Emittentin (nach Treu und 
Glauben und in wirtschaftlich angemessener Weise) (i) einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder eine Spanne 
(zu addieren oder zu subtrahieren) festlegen, der oder die auf den Nachfolge-Angebotssatz angewendet werden 
soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt des [Referenz-Swapsatz] 
[anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] vor Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses im Einklang ist und (ii) weitere 
Änderungen, die für die Ermittlung des [Zinssatzes und die Berechnung des Zinsenbetrags] [anderen Satz/ 
Betrag festlegen] erforderlich sind, angeben, um der Marktpraxis in Bezug auf den Nachfolge-Angebotssatz 
[(wie der Zinsentagequotient, die Geschäftstage-Konvention, Geschäftstage, Zinsenfestlegungstage, die 
Methode zur Berechnung des Zinsbetrages)] zu entsprechen. Anschließend, jedoch nicht weniger als 10 Tage 
vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] 
wird die Emittentin die Berechnungsstelle informieren und wird die Emittentin im Anschluss die Gläubiger der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 12 informieren (außer im Fall des obigen Absatzes I)).  
III) Sollte die Quelle des Nachfolge-Zinssatzes für den [Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen], 
der in Übereinstimmung mit obiger Ziffer I) bestimmt wurde, oder die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, die in 
Übereinstimmung mit obiger Ziffer II) festgelegt wurde, der Berechnungsstelle nicht zugänglich sein, oder der 
Unabhängige Berater keinen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz spätestens 10 Tage vor dem unmittelbar folgenden 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] ermitteln 
und der Berechnungsstelle mitteilen können, oder im Fall, dass die Emittentin trotz angemessenen Bemühens 
keinen unabhängigen Berater bestellen konnte, oder der Zeitraum zur Bestimmung eines Nachfolge-
Angebotssatz gemäß den obigen Regelungen nicht ausreichend war, wird die Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen 
und nicht später als drei Geschäftstage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststel-lungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] bezüglich [der nachfolgenden Zinsenlaufperiode][anderes 
Ereignis / Tag definieren] (der Verfahrensfestsetzungstag) entscheiden: 
[a)] dass der [Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] jener [Referenz-Swapsatz] [anderen 
Angebotssatz einfügen] ist, der auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem maßgeblichen [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag 
definieren], an dem diese Sätze angezeigt wurden, erschienen ist und anschließend die Gläubiger der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 12 informieren[.][; oder 
b) vorzeitig die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig, aber nicht teilweise, durch Mitteilung gemäß § 12 und mit 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 20 Tagen zum [Endgültigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] [Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] (wie nachstehend gemäß § 6 definiert), zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem für diese vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufene Zinsen zurückzuzahlen vorausgesetzt, dass die 
Voraussetzungen für Vorzeitige Rückzahlung und Rückkauf wie in §6[(6)][(7)] (Voraussetzungen für Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung und Rückkauf) beschrieben, erfüllt sind.  
In dieser Mitteilung bezüglich der Rückzahlung muss enthalten sein: 
(iv) die Serie der Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Rückzahlung betroffen ist; 
(v) der für die Rückzahlung bestimmte Tag, welcher der zweite [Kupontermin][Zinsenzahlungstag] nach dem 
Verfahrensfestsetzungstag sein soll; und 
(vi) der [Endgültige][Vorzeitige] Rückzahlungsbetrag.

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, gilt als [Zinssatz] 
[[Referenz-Swapsatz] [anderen Angebotssatz einfügen]] ab dem letzten [Kupontermin] [Zinsenzahlungstag] 
[anderen Tag einfügen] vor dem Rückzahlungstag bis (ausgenommen) zum Rückzahlungstag der für die 
unmittelbar vorausgehende Zinsenlaufperiode geltende [Zinssatz][[Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz 
einfügen]].]] 
Unabhängiger Berater bezeichnet ein unabhängiges international anerkanntes Finanzinstitut oder einen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit einschlägiger Expertise, das bzw. der von der Emittentin auf eigene Kosten 
bestellt wird.] 
[TARGET-Geschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem das Real-time Gross Settlement System des 
Eurosystems oder dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem (T2) (TARGET) betriebsbereit ist.] 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag bezeichnet den [[zweiten] [zutreffende andere Zahl von Tagen einfügen] [TARGET] 
[,][und][sämtliche relevante Finanzzentren einfügen] Geschäftstag vor [Beginn] [Ende] der jeweiligen 
Zinsenlaufperiode.] 
[ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsenlaufperiode.]] 
[[●] Geschäftstag vor [dem Ende][dem Kupontag] der entsprechenden Zinsenlaufperiode.] 
Zinsenlaufperiode bezeichnet den Zeitraum, für welchen Zinsen berechnet und bezahlt werden. 
§ 2 
(Währung, Stückelung, Emissionstag(e), Verbriefung, Verwahrung) 
 Währung – Stückelung – Emissionstag[e]. Diese Serie [Nummer der Serie und Bezeichnung einfügen] 
[Tranche einfügen] von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen (die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen) 
der Raiffeisenbank a.s. (die Emittentin) wird [am [Emissionstag einfügen] (der Emissionstag)][ab dem [Erst-
Emissionstag einfügen] (Erst-Emissionstag)] mit offener Begebungsfrist (die Daueremission)] in 
[Festgelegte Währung einfügen] (die Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag von [bis 
zu][Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten einfügen]) in der Stückelung 
von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (die Festgelegte Stückelung) begeben. 
 Verbriefung. 
 Inhaberschuldverschreibungen. Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
[Im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag 
verbrieft sind, einfügen: 
 Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die Dauerglobalurkunde oder die Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt 
die Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist von der [Hauptzahlstelle] 
[Emissionsstelle] oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
[Im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, die gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht werden soll, einfügen: 
(b) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch – Dauerglobalurkunde. 
(i) Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
(die Vorläufige Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in der Festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
Dauerglobalurkunde, und zusammen mit der vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die "Globalurkunden" und jeweils 
eine Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die Unterschriften von zwei ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigten Vertretern der 
Emittentin und sind jeweils von der [Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(ii) Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag (der Austauschtag) gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde 
ausgetauscht, der nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Der 
Austauschtag für einen solchen Austausch soll nicht weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
Vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegen. Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen,

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder 
bestimmte Personen, die Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). 
Zinsenzahlungen auf durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach 
Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen 
Zinsenzahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
gemäß Absatz (b) dieses § 2 Absatz (2) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieses 
Absatzes bezeichnet Vereinigte Staaten die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands).] 
 Verwahrung – Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde wird solange von einem oder im Namen eines Clearing 
Systems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt sind. 
[Im Fall, dass die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, einfügen:  
Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note (CGN) ausgegeben und 
von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[Im Fall, dass die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen:  
Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen werden in New Global Form (NGN) ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle (Common Safekeeper) im Namen beider ICDS verwahrt.  
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem 
jeweils in den Büchern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder ICSD für 
seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über 
den Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen ist zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt der 
Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder Zinsenzahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, Zinsenzahlung 
bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in die Bücher der ICSDs eingetragen und nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen. 
[Falls 
die 
Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund eines optionalen Kündigungsrechts teilweise zurückgezahlt werden 
können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der ICSDs im Fall der optionalen Rückzahlung hinsichtlich 
einer teilweisen Rückzahlung wird der ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) entweder 
als Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem Ermessen der ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB in 
die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.] 
Die Emittentin darf ohne Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger weitere Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
zusammengefasst werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den Gesamtnennbetrag der Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen erhöhen. Der Begriff Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen umfasst im Fall einer 
solchen Erhöhung auch solche zusätzlich begebenen Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen. 
§ 3 
(Status)  
 Status [Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen]. Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sollen Tier 2 
Instrumente (wie nachstehend definiert) darstellen und begründen direkte, unbesicherte und nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin. Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen gelten als nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin im Sinne von § 172(2) der tschechischen Insolvenzordnung und sollen als 
solche befriedigt werden.  
Im Fall der Erklärung der Insolvenz (vydání rozhodnutí o úpadku) der Emittentin oder einer Liquidation der 
Emittentin sind Ansprüche aus den Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen (einschließlich Ansprüche auf den

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
Kapitalbetrag 
der 
Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen), vorbehaltlich etwaiger anderer gesetzlicher Ausnahmen: 
 nachrangig gegenüber allen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen aus unbesicherten und nicht-
nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin (einschließlich Ansprüchen aus nicht 
bevorrechtigten nicht-nachrangigen Instrumenten gemäß § 374b der tschechischen Insolvenzordnung); 
 gleichrangig: (i) untereinander; und (ii) mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen aus 
Tier 2 Instrumenten und anderen nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
(ausgenommen nachrangige Instrumente oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die entsprechend der jeweiligen 
Bedingungen nachrangig gegenüber den Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind oder diesen gegenüber als 
nachrangig bezeichnet werden); und 
 vorrangig gegenüber allen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen aus: (i) Instrumenten des 
zusätzlichen Kernkapitals (Additional Tier 1) gemäß Artikel 52 CRR der Emittentin; (ii) Stammaktien und 
anderen Instrumenten des harten Kernkapitals (Common Equity Tier 1) gemäß Artikel 28 CRR der Emittentin; 
und (iii) allen anderen nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die entsprechend der 
jeweiligen Bedingungen den Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen gegenüber nachrangig sind oder diesen 
gegenüber als nachrangig bezeichnet werden. 
Zur Klarstellung: Ansprüche aus den Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen werden in der in § 3(1) 
beschriebenen Rangfolge befriedigt, unabhängig davon, ob die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen als Tier-
2-Instrumente qualifizieren. 
Wobei: 
CRR bezeichnet die Verordnung (EU) Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. Juni 
2013 über Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und Wertpapierfirmen und zur Änderung der Verordnung 
(EU) Nr. 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation – CRR) in der jeweils geltenden oder ersetzten Fassung, 
und Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf die maßgeblichen Artikel der CRR beinhalten 
Bezugnahmen auf jede anwendbare Bestimmung, die diese Artikel jeweils ändert oder ersetzt. 
Tier 2 Instrumente bezeichnet alle Kapitalinstrumente der Emittentin, die zu Instrumenten des 
Ergänzungskapitals (Tier 2) gemäß Artikel 63 CRR zählen, einschließlich aller Kapital- (oder andere) 
Instrumente, die aufgrund von CRR-Übergangsbestimmungen zu den Posten des Ergänzungskapitals zählen. 
Tschechische Insolvenzordnung bedeutet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 182/2006 Slg. über die Insolvenz und 
die Art und Weise ihrer Abwicklung (Insolvency Act) in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, und alle Verweise in 
diesen Bedingungen auf einschlägige Bestimmungen des tschechischen Insolvenzrechts schließen Verweise auf 
alle anwendbaren Rechtsvorschriften ein, die diese Bestimmungen von Zeit zu Zeit ändern oder ersetzen. 
(2) Kein(e) Aufrechnung/Netting; Keine Sicherheiten/Garantien; Keine Verbesserung des Ranges. Die 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen unterliegen keinen Aufrechnungs- oder Nettingvereinbarungen, die deren 
Verlustabsorptionsfähigkeit bei der Abwicklung beeinträchtigen würden. Forderungen der Emittentin dürfen 
nicht gegen eine von der Emittentin in Bezug auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlung 
aufgerechnet oder verrechnet werden (was alle Rechte aus dem close-out-netting umfasst).  
Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht besichert oder Gegenstand einer Garantie oder einer 
anderen Regelung, die den Ansprüchen der Forderungen aus den Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen einen 
höheren Rang verleiht. Zur Sicherung der Ansprüche aus den Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen werden 
weder von der Emittentin noch von Dritten vertragliche Sicherheiten gestellt werden. 
(3) Möglichkeit von gesetzlichen Abwicklungsmaßnahmen. Vor einer Insolvenz oder Liquidation der Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
gemäß 
den 
anwendbaren 
Bankenabwicklungsbestimmungen 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gemäß den Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen (bis auf Null) 
herabschreiben, sie in Anteile oder andere Eigentumstitel der Emittentin umwandeln, jeweils insgesamt oder 
teilweise, oder andere Abwicklungsinstrumente oder -maßnahmen anwenden, einschließlich (aber nicht 
beschränkt auf) eines Aufschubs oder einer Übertragung der Verbindlichkeiten auf ein anderes Unternehmen, 
einer Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen oder einer Kündigung der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen. 
Das Recht jedes Anleihegläubigers auf eine Entschädigung gemäß § 177 des tschechischen Sanierungs- und 
Abwicklungsgesetzes, das Artikel 75 BRRD umsetzt, ist von diesem § 3(3) nicht beeinträchtigt.  
Wobei:

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
Abwicklungsbehörde bezeichnet die Abwicklungsbehörde gemäß Artikel 4(1)(130) CRR, die für eine 
Sanierung oder Abwicklung der Emittentin auf Einzel- und/oder konsolidierter Ebene verantwortlich ist. 
BRRD bedeutet Richtlinie 2014/59/EU des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 15. Mai 2014 zur 
Festlegung eines Rahmens für die Sanierung und Abwicklung von Kreditinstituten und Wertpapierfirmen und 
zur Änderung der Richtlinie 82/891/EWG des Rates, der Richtlinien 2001/24/EG, 2002/47/EG, 2004/25/EG, 
2005/56/EG, 2007/36/EG, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU und 2013/36/EU sowie der Verordnungen (EU) Nr. 
1093/2010 und (EU) Nr. 648/2012 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates, in der jeweilis gültigen Fassung 
und alle Verweise in diesen Bedingungen auf relevante Bestimmungen der BRRD schließen Verweise auf 
geltende Gesetzesbestimmungen ein, die solche Bestimmungen von Zeit zu Zeit ändern oder ersetzen. 
Tschechisches Gesetz zur Sanierung und Abwicklung bedeutet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 374/2015 Slg. 
über die Sanierung und Abwicklung auf dem Finanzmarkt in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung, und alle Verweise 
in diesen Bedingungen auf relevante Bestimmungen des tschechischen Gesetzes zur Sanierung und Abwicklung 
schließen Verweise auf alle anwendbaren gesetzlichen Bestimmungen ein, die diese Bestimmungen von Zeit zu 
Zeit ändern oder ersetzen. 
(4) Im Falle der Insolvenz der Emittentin werden die Ansprüche aus den Schuldverschreibungen, die im Rahmen 
dieses Schuldverschreibungsprogramms der Emittentin ausgegeben werden, entsprechend ihrem in den 
jeweiligen Bedingungen festgelegten Status in der folgenden gegenseitigen Rangfolge befriedigt (in absteigender 
Reihenfolge der bevorzugt erfüllten Verpflichtungen): 
(a) Ansprüche aus Gewöhnlichen Nicht Nachrangigen Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen; 
(b) Ansprüche aus Nicht Bevorrechtigten Nicht Nachrangigen Berücksichtungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen; 
und 
(c) Ansprüche aus Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen. 
Werden gesetzliche Abwicklungsmaßnahmen, die in einer Abschreibung oder Umwandlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehen, 
ausgeübt, 
werden 
die 
Ansprüche, 
die 
mit 
den 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen verbunden sind, abgeschrieben oder in umgekehrter Rangfolge befriedigt, in welcher 
diese Forderungen im Falle der Insolvenz der Emittentin befriedigt werden. 
§ 4 
(Zinsen) 
[Im Fall von Nachrangigen Festzins-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 Zinssatz, Zinsenlaufperiode[n]. 
 Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen werden ab dem [Datum einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) 
(einschließlich) während der Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein 
bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [letzten] 
Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Rückzahlungstag (wie in § 6(1) 
definiert)] (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
[Eine][Die] Zinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall 
keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Zinsenzahlungstag] [Rückzahlungstag] (ausschließlich) [und danach von 
jedem [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung 
der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Zinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden bzw. letzten Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Zinsenzahlungstag bzw. 
Rückzahlungstag] (jeweils 
ausschließlich)]. 
Die Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt][unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
 Der Zinssatz beträgt [Zinssatz einfügen]% [p.a.] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen]. 
 Kupontermin[e], Zinsenzahlungstag[e]. Die Zinsen sind [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] 
nachträglich zahlbar. [Kupontermine sind [jeweils] am [Kupontermin(e) einfügen] eines jeden Jahres (jeweils 
ein Kupontermin) und bleiben immer unangepasst.] [Kupontermin ist am [Kupontermin einfügen] (der 
Kupontermin) und dieser bleibt unangepasst.]

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
[Der erste Kupontermin ist der [ersten Kupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Kupontermin ist der [letzten 
Kupontermin einfügen].] 
Zinsen auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind [am] [an jedem] Zinsenzahlungstag zahlbar.  
Zinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Zinsen tatsächlich fällig und zahlbar sind. 
Dieser kann mit dem Kupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte der Kupontermin auf einen Tag 
fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der zur Anwendung kommenden Anpassungsregel, wie in § 
5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den entsprechenden Geschäftstag. 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Zinsenlaufperiode ist [verkürzt] 
[verlängert]; [Erster Kupontermin ist: [●] [Letzter Kupontermin ist: [●].] 
 Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem 
Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des Zinsentagequotienten (wie unten 
definiert).] 
[Im Fall von Nachrangigen Step-Up/Step-Down Stufenzins-Schuldverschreibungen mit festen Zinssätzen 
einfügen: 
 Zinssatz, Zinsenlaufperioden. Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen werden [jährlich] [halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der 
Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) verzinst und zwar,  
− 
während der ersten [ggf. Zahl einfügen] Zinsenlaufperiode[n], [letzter diesbezüglicher Kupontermin ist der 
[Datum einfügen]] [letzter diesbezüglicher Zinsenzahlungstag ist im [Monat/Jahr einfügen]], mit einem 
Zinssatz von [Zinssatz einfügen] % [p.a.] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen] [[und][,] 
− 
[Bestimmungen für weitere Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: 
[●]] 
− 
während der [letzten] [ggf. Zahl einfügen] Zinsenlaufperiode[n], [letzter diesbezüglicher Kupontermin ist 
der [Datum einfügen]] [letzter diesbezüglicher Zinsenzahlungstag im [Monat/Jahr einfügen]], mit einem 
Zinssatz von [Zinssatz einfügen] % [p.a.] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen]. 
Eine Zinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei jeweils vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner 
Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: ersten Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: ersten Zinsenzahlungstag] (ausschließlich) und danach von jedem [im Fall 
keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Zinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden bzw. letzten Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Zinsenzahlungstag bzw. 
Rückzahlungstag] (jeweils 
ausschließlich). 
Die Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt][unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
 Kupontermine, Zinsenzahlungstage. Die Zinsen sind [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] nachträglich 
zahlbar. Kupontermine sind [jeweils] am [Kupontermin(e) einfügen] eines jeden Jahres (jeweils ein 
Kupontermin) und bleiben immer unangepasst.  
Der erste Kupontermin ist der [ersten Kupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Kupontermin ist der [letzten 
Kupontermin einfügen]. 
Die Zahlung der Zinsen erfolgt am jeweiligen Zinsenzahlungstag.  
Zinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Zinsen tatsächlich fällig und zahlbar sind. 
Dieser kann mit dem Kupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte der Kupontermin auf einen Tag 
fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der zur Anwendung kommenden Anpassungsregel, wie in § 
5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den entsprechenden Geschäftstag.  
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Zinsenlaufperiode ist [verkürzt] 
[verlängert]; [Erster Kupontermin ist: [ersten Kupontermin einfügen][Letzter Kupontermin ist: [letzten 
Kupontermin einfügen].]

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem 
Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des Zinsentagequotienten (wie unten 
definiert).] 
[Im Fall von Nachrangigen Festzins-Schuldverschreibungen mit Kuponreset einfügen: 
 Zinssatz, Zinsenlaufperiode[n]. 
 Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen werden ab dem [Datum einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) 
(einschließlich) während der Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein 
bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [letzten] 
Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Rückzahlungstag (wie in § 6(1) 
definiert)] (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
[Eine][Die] Zinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall 
keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Zinsenzahlungstag] [Rückzahlungstag] (ausschließlich) [und danach von 
jedem [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Zinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden bzw. letzten Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinsenzahlungstag 
bzw. 
Rückzahlungstag] 
(jeweils 
ausschließlich)]. 
Die Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt][unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
 Der Zinssatz beträgt im Hinblick auf jede Zinsenlaufperiode bis zu dem Kündigungstermin (ausschließlich) 
[Zinssatz einfügen]% [p.a.][anderen Zeitraum einfügen] und im Hinblick auf jede Zinsenlaufperiode ab dem 
Kündigungstermin (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstermin (ausschließlich) den Zinssatz pro Jahr, der der 
Summe entspricht aus (i) dem [Referenz-Swapsatz einfügen], der auf der Bildschirmseite am [Beobachtungstag] 
angezeigt wird und (ii) [Reset-Festzinssatz einfügen]%. 
 Kupontermin[e], Zinsenzahlungstag[e]. Die Zinsen sind [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] 
nachträglich zahlbar. [Kupontermine sind [jeweils] am [Kupontermin(e) einfügen] eines jeden Jahres (jeweils 
ein Kupontermin) und bleiben immer unangepasst.] [Kupontermin ist am [Kupontermin einfügen] 
(der Kupontermin) und dieser bleibt unangepasst.] 
[Der erste Kupontermin ist der [ersten Kupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Kupontermin ist der [letzten 
Kupontermin einfügen].] 
Zinsen auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind [am] [an jedem] Zinsenzahlungstag zahlbar.  
Zinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Zinsen tatsächlich fällig und zahlbar sind. 
Dieser kann mit dem Kupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte der Kupontermin auf einen Tag 
fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der zur Anwendung kommenden Anpassungsregel, wie in § 
5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den entsprechenden Geschäftstag. 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Zinsenlaufperiode ist [verkürzt] 
[verlängert]; [Erster Kupontermin ist: [●] [Letzter Kupontermin ist: [●].] 
 Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem 
Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des Zinsentagequotienten (wie unten 
definiert).] 
[Im Fall von Nachrangigen Variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
Zinsenlaufperiode[n], Kupontermin[e], Zinsenzahlungstag[e]. 
 Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen werden [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein 
bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) 
(einschließlich) während der Zinsenlaufperiode[n] bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: [letzten] Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: 
Rückzahlungstag (wie in § 6(1) definiert)] (ausschließlich) verzinst.

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
[Eine][Die] Zinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall 
keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Zinsenzahlungstag] [Rückzahlungstag] (ausschließlich) [und danach von 
jedem [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung 
der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Zinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden bzw. letzten Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Zinsenzahlungstag bzw. 
Rückzahlungstag] (jeweils 
ausschließlich).] 
Die Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt][unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
 Kupontermin[e]. Die Zinsen sind [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] nachträglich zahlbar. 
[Kupontermine sind [jeweils] am [Kupontermin(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] (jeweils ein Kupontermin) 
und bleiben immer unangepasst.] [Kupontermin ist der [Kupontermin einfügen] (der Kupontermin) und dieser 
bleibt unangepasst.] 
[Der erste Kupontermin ist der [ersten Kupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Kupontermin ist der [letzten 
Kupontermin einfügen].] 
 Zinsenzahlungstag[e]. Zinsen auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind [am] [an jedem] 
Zinsenzahlungstag zahlbar. 
Zinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Zinsen tatsächlich fällig und zahlbar sind. 
Dieser kann mit dem Kupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte der Kupontermin auf einen Tag 
fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der zur Anwendung kommenden Anpassungsregel, wie in § 
5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den entsprechenden Geschäftstag. 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Zinsenlaufperiode ist [verkürzt] 
[verlängert]; [Erster Kupontermin ist: [ersten Kupontermin einfügen] [(der Erste Kupontermin)]] [Letzter 
Kupontermin ist: [letzten Kupontermin einfügen] [(der Letzte Kupontermin)]].] 
[Auswahlmöglichkeiten für verschiedene Referenzwerte für die Verzinsung: 
[Im Fall, dass die Verzinsung in Abhängigkeit von einem Referenz-Zinssatz berechnet werden soll einfügen: 
 Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für [die][jede] Zinsenlaufperiode ist, sofern nachstehend nichts 
Abweichendes bestimmt wird,  
[Für EURIBOR oder einen anderen Referenz-Zinssatz außer einem zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-
Referenzsatz einfügen: 
der Referenz-Zinssatz [, sollte dieser Referenz-Zinssatz jedoch geringer als 0,00 % p.a. sein, ist ein Referenz-
Zinssatz von 0,00 % p.a. heranzuziehen,] [im Fall der Multiplikation mit einem Faktor, einfügen:, multipliziert 
mit dem [positiven] [negativen] Faktor [und danach]] [im Falle einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] 
der [maßgeblichen] Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen, ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz [per annum] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen]. 
[Für Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SONIA, Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SOFR, Zusammengesetzten 
Täglichen €STR oder einen anderen zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen: 
der 
Zusammengesetzte 
Tägliche 
[maßgeblicher 
Overnight-Referenzsatz 
einfügen], 
wobei 
ein 
Durchschnittskurs 
für 
die 
relevante 
Zinsenlaufperiode 
am 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] gemäß der unten dargestellten Formel (wie 
nachstehend definiert) berechnet wird [und sollte dieser Zusammengesetzte Tägliche [maßgeblicher 
Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] jedoch geringer als 0,00 % p.a. sein, ist ein Zusammengesetzter Täglicher 
[maßgeblicher Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] von 0,00 % p.a. heranzuziehen,] [im Fall der 
Multiplikation mit einem Faktor, einfügen:, multipliziert mit dem [positiven] [negativen] Faktor [und danach]] 
[im Falle einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der [maßgeblichen] Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen, ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz [per annum] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen]. 
Der Zusammengesetze Tägliche [maßgeblichen Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] bezeichnet, in Bezug auf 
eine Zinsenlaufperiode, die Rendite einer täglichen Zinsanlage mit dem täglichen Tageszinssatz in der 
festgelegten Währung (mit dem anwendbaren Referenzsatz (wie in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
angegeben und nachfolgend näher beschrieben) als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
Berechnungsstelle 
zum 
maßgeblichen 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag]

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] wie folgt berechnet, wobei der daraus resultierende Prozentsatz, 
sofern notwendig, auf [fünf] [●] Dezimalstellen gerundet wird und [0,000005] [●]% aufgerundet werden: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pGT × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
Anwendbare Periode bezeichnet [im Falle der Beobachtungsmethode Nachlauf: die Zinsenlaufperiode][im 
Falle der Beobachtungsmethode Beobachtungsverschiebung: den Beobachtungszeitraum]. 
GT bezeichnet einen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag. 
D ist [relevante Anzahl an Tagen einfügen] und stellt die Anzahl der Tage im Jahr dar, die für die Berechnung 
des Zinssatzes verwendet wird. 
d bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser Anwendbaren 
Periode. 
do bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die Anzahl der [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-
]Geschäftstage in dieser Anwendbaren Periode. 
i bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, ersten 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstages dieser Anwendbaren Periode wiedergeben. 
ni bezeichnet an jedem Tag i in der Anwendbaren Periode die Anzahl der Kalendertage von diesem [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-] Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich). 
Beobachtungsmethode bezeichnet [den Nachlauf] [die Beobachtungsverschiebung]. 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet in Bezug auf die maßgebliche Zinsenperiode den Zeitraum ab dem Tag 
(einschließlich), der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag dieser Zinsenlaufperiode 
liegt (und die erste Zinsenperiode beginnt am Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich)), bis zu dem Tag 
(ausschließlich), der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem Zinsenzahlungstag für diese 
Zinsenlaufperiode liegt (oder der Tag, der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor diesem früheren Tag, 
falls vorhanden, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar werden, liegt). 
p bezeichnet für jede Anwendbare Periode [Zahl einfügen] [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-] Geschäftstage (mit der 
Maßgabe, dass p nicht weniger als fünf [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-] Geschäftstage ohne die vorherige schriftliche 
Zustimmung der Berechnungsstelle betragen darf oder, falls keine solche Anzahl angegeben ist, fünf [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage). 
r bezeichnet: 
[sofern SONIA als der maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen SONIA-
Geschäftstag, den SONIA-Satz in Bezug auf diesen SONIA-Geschäftstag.] 
[sofern SOFR als der maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen SOFR-
Geschäftstag, den SOFR in Bezug auf diesen SOFR-Geschäftstag.] 
[sofern €STR als maßgeblicher Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen €STR-Geschäftstag, 
den €STR in Bezug auf diesen €STR-Geschäftstag.] 
r(i-pGT) bezeichnet den anwendbaren Referenzsatz, wie in der vorstehenden Definition von r angegeben für 
[sofern Nachlauf als Beobachtungsmethode angegeben ist: den [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag (der 
ein [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag ist, der in den maßgeblichen Beobachtungszeitraum fällt), der p 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem maßgeblichen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i 
liegt.] [anderenfalls: den maßgeblichen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i.] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] erster Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Ersten Kupontermin endet (die Interpolierte 
Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Referenzzinssatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen Interpolation des 
verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Zinsenlaufperiode nächst

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Interpolierten 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit, jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt.)] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] letzter Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Letzten Kupontermin endet (die Interpolierte 
Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Referenzzinssatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen Interpolation des 
verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Zinsenlaufperiode nächst 
kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Interpolierten 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit, jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt.)] 
[Faktor bedeutet eine positive oder negative Zahl und wurde [für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [+][-] 
[Zahl einfügen] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Marge entspricht einem Auf- oder Abschlag in Prozentpunkten und wurde [für die [erste] [●] 
Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [●] [für die [●] Zinsenlaufperiode mit [●]] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Fortsetzung allgemeine Bestimmungen für variable Verzinsung: 
[(3)] [Im Fall, dass ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Mindestzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen 
Bestimmungen für [die erste] [die [●]] [eine] Zinsenlaufperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsenlaufperiode [Mindestzinssatz einfügen] 
(Floor).] 
[Im Fall, dass ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Höchstzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen 
für [die erste] [die [●]] [eine] Zinsenlaufperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so 
ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsenlaufperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] (Cap).] 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Zinsenbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz bestimmen und den auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Zinsenbetrag (der Zinsenbetrag) für die entsprechende Zinsenlaufperiode berechnen. Der 
maßgebliche Zinsenbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der Zinsentagequotient (wie nachstehend 
definiert) auf [den ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen][die Festgelegte 
Stückelung] angewendet werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der festgelegten 
Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
[(●)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsenbetrag. 
[Im Falle der Zinsenfestlegung im Vorhinein einfügen: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz[, der Zinsenbetrag] für die jeweilige 
Zinsenlaufperiode, [und] die jeweilige Zinsenlaufperiode [und der betreffende Zinsenzahlungstag] 
(i) der Emittentin[,] [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die 
Börse verlangen], baldmöglichst nach dessen Festlegung, aber keinesfalls später als am [zweiten] [●] 
Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsenlaufperiode] [ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[anderen Zeitpunkt einfügen] mitgeteilt werden und 
(ii) den Gläubigern unverzüglich gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt werden.  
[Veröffentlichungen von Informationen zur Zinsenfestlegung gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen der Börse, 
an der die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, erfolgen in jenem Umfang, der gemäß diesen 
Regeln dafür vorgesehen ist.]  
Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsenlaufperiode können der mitgeteilte Zinsenbetrag und der 
mitgeteilte Zinsenzahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend der Emittentin, [dem Clearing 
System,] [allen Börsen, an denen die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind], 
[jeder Zahlstelle] sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt.] 
[Im Falle der Zinsenfestlegung im Nachhinein einfügen: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz[, der Zinsenbetrag für die jeweilige 
Zinsenlaufperiode,] [und] die jeweilige Zinsenlaufperiode [und der betreffende Zinsenzahlungstag]

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
[(i) 
der Emittentin, [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die 
Börse verlangen], baldmöglichst nach Festlegung, aber keinesfalls später als am [[●] Geschäftstag vor Ablauf 
der [jeweiligen] Zinsenlaufperiode] [[zweiten] [●] Geschäftstag vor dem [Kupontermin] [Zinsenzahlungstag] 
der [jeweiligen] Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderen Zeitpunkt einfügen] mitgeteilt werden und] 
[(i) 
der Emittentin, [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die 
Börse verlangen] an dem Tag mitgeteilt wird, der zwei (2) Geschäftstage nach dem Ende des 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] liegt und] 
den Gläubigern unverzüglich gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt werden. 
[Veröffentlichungen von Informationen zur Zinsenfestlegung gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen der Börse, 
an der die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, erfolgen in jenem Umfang, der gemäß diesen 
Regeln dafür vorgesehen ist.] 
[Im Fall von Fest zu [Fest zu] Variabel verzinslichen Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 Feste Verzinsung.  
 Zinssatz, Festzinsenlaufperiode[n], Zinsenwechseltag. Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen werden, 
bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag, ab dem [Datum einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) während 
der Festzinsenlaufperiode[n] [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein, bis zum [im Fall keiner 
Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] [●] [letzten] Festkupontermin] [, das ist der [Datum 
einfügen]] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] [●] [letzten] 
Festzinsenzahlungstag] (ausschließlich) verzinst (der Festzinssatz-Zeitraum). 
[Eine][Die] Festzinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum [im 
Fall keiner Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] [Festkupontermin] [[bzw.] 
[Zinsenwechseltag]] 
[im 
Fall 
einer 
Anpassung 
der 
Festzinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: 
[ersten] 
[Festzinsenzahlungstag][bzw.] [Zinsenwechseltag] (ausschließlich) [und danach von jedem [im Fall keiner 
Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Festkupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Festzinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Festkupontermin bzw. Zinsenwechseltag] [im Fall einer 
Anpassung 
der 
Festzinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: 
nächstfolgenden 
Festzinsenzahlungstag 
bzw. 
Zinsenwechseltag] (jeweils ausschließlich). 
Zinsenwechseltag bezeichnet den [[letzten] Festkupontermin, das ist der [Festkupontermin einfügen] [auf 
den 
[letzten] 
Festkupontermin, 
das 
ist 
der 
[letzten 
Festkupontermin 
einfügen], 
bezügliche 
Festzinsenzahlungstag]. 
Die Festzinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt] [unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
[Im Falle eines Zinssatzes für den gesamten Festzinssatz-Zeitraum einfügen: Der Zinssatz beträgt für den 
Festzinssatz-Zeitraum [Zinssatz einfügen] % [p.a.] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen] (der Festzinssatz).] 
[Im Falle mehrerer Zinssätze innerhalb des Festzinssatz-Zeitraumes einfügen: [Der Zinssatz] [Die Zinssätze] 
innerhalb des Festzinssatz-Zeitraumes [beträgt][betragen] für die [erste] Festzinsenlaufperiode [vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn bis zum [ersten] [Festkupontermin][Festzinsenzahlungstag] [Zinssatz einfügen] % [p.a.] 
[,][und] [für die [n-te] Festzinsenlaufperiode vom [maßgeblichen Festkupontermin/ Festzinsenzahlungstag 
einfügen] bis zum [maßgeblichen Festkupontermin/ Festzinsenzahlungstag einfügen] [Zinssatz einfügen] % 
[p.a.]] [,][und] [anderen/weiteren Zeitraum einfügen] [(der jeweilige Festzinssatz)][die jeweiligen 
Festzinssätze)].] 
 Festkupontermin[e], Festzinsenzahlungstag[e]. Der Festzins ist nachträglich zahlbar. [Festkupon-termine 
sind [jeweils] am [Festkupontermin(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] (jeweils ein Festkupontermin) und 
bleiben immer unangepasst.] [Festkupontermin ist der [Festkupontermin einfügen] (der Festkupontermin) 
und dieser bleibt unangepasst.] 
[Der erste Festkupontermin ist der [ersten Festkupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Festkupontermin ist der 
[letzten Festkupontermin einfügen].] 
Festzinsen auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind [an jedem][am] Festzinsenzahlungstag zahlbar.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
Festzinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Festzinsen tatsächlich fällig und zahlbar 
sind. Dieser kann mit dem Festzinskupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte der 
Festzinskupontermin auf einen Tag fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der zur Anwendung kommenden 
Anpassungsregel, wie in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den entsprechenden 
Geschäftstag.  
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Festzinsenlaufperiode ist 
[verkürzt] 
[verlängert]; 
[Erster 
Festkupontermin 
ist: 
[ersten 
Festkupontermin 
einfügen][Letzter 
Festkupontermin ist: [letzten Festkupontermin einfügen]] 
 Berechnung der Festzinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern der Festzins für einen Zeitraum von weniger 
als einem Jahr zu berechnen ist, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie 
nachstehend definiert). 
 Variable Verzinsung. 
 Zinssatz, 
Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode[n], 
Variable[r] 
Zinsenzahlungstag[e]. 
Die 
Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen werden [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein bezogen auf ihren 
Nennbetrag ab dem Zinsenwechseltag (einschließlich) während der Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode[n] bis zum [im 
Fall keiner Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [letzten] Variablen Kupontermin] [im Fall 
einer Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Rückzahlungstag (wie in § 6 Absatz (1) 
definiert)] (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
[Eine][Die] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Zinsenwechseltag (einschließlich) bis zum 
[im Fall keiner Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Variablen Kupontermin] [im 
Fall einer Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag] 
[Rückzahlungstag] (ausschließlich) [und danach von jedem [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Variablen Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner 
Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden bzw. letzten Variablen Kupontermin] 
[im Fall einer Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Variablen 
Zinsenzahlungstag bzw. Rückzahlungstag] (jeweils ausschließlich)]. 
Die Variable[n] Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt] [unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
 Variable[r] Kupontermin[e]. Die Variablen Zinsen sind [jährlich] [halbjährlich][vierteljährlich] 
nachträglich zahlbar. [Variable Kupontermine sind jeweils der [Datum einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] (jeweils 
ein Variabler Kupontermin) und bleiben immer unangepasst.] 
[Variabler Kupontermin ist der [Variablen Kupontermin einfügen] und dieser bleibt immer unangepasst.] 
[Der erste Variable Kupontermin ist der [ersten Variablen Kupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Variable 
Kupontermin ist der [letzten Variablen Kupontermin einfügen].] 
 Variable[r] Zinsenzahlungstag[e].  
Variable Zinsen auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind [an jedem][am] Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag 
zahlbar. 
Variabler Zinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Variablen Zinsen tatsächlich fällig 
und zahlbar sind. Dieser kann mit dem Variablen Kupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte 
der Variable Kupontermin auf einen Tag fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist, aufgrund der zur Anwendung 
kommenden Anpassungsregel, wie in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den 
entsprechenden Geschäftstag.  
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Variabler Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode ist [verkürzt] [verlängert]; [Erster Variabler Kupontermin ist: [ersten Variablen 
Kupontermin einfügen] [(der Erste Kupontermin)]] [Letzter Variabler Kupontermin ist: [letzten Variablen 
Kupontermin einfügen] [(der Letzte Kupontermin)]].]

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
[Auswahlmöglichkeiten für verschiedene Referenzwerte für die variable Verzinsung: 
[Im Fall, dass die variable Verzinsung in Abhängigkeit von einem Referenz-Zinssatz berechnet werden soll, 
einfügen: 
 Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der Variable Zinssatz) für [die][jede] Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode ist, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird,  
[Für EURIBOR oder einen anderen Referenz-Zinssatz außer einem zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-
Referenzsatz einfügen: 
der Referenz-Zinssatz [, sollte dieser Referenz-zinssatz jedoch geringer als 0,00 % p.a. sein, ist ein Referenz-
Zinssatz von 0,00 % p.a. heranzuziehen,] [im Fall der Multiplikation mit einem Faktor, einfügen:, multipliziert 
mit dem [positiven] [negativen] Faktor [und danach]] [im Falle einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] 
der [maßgeblichen] Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen, ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz [per annum][anderen Zeitraum einfügen]. 
[Für Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SONIA, Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SOFR, Zusammengesetzten 
Täglichen €STR oder einen anderen zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen: 
der 
Zusammengesetzte 
Tägliche 
[maßgeblicher 
Overnight-Referenzsatz 
einfügen], 
wobei 
ein 
Durchschnittskurs 
für 
die 
relevante 
Zinsenlaufperiode 
am 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] gemäß der unten dargestellten Formel (wie 
nachstehend definiert) berechnet wird [und sollte dieser Zusammengesetzte Tägliche [maßgeblicher 
Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] jedoch geringer als 0,00 % p.a. sein, ist ein Zusammengesetzter Täglicher 
[maßgeblicher Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] von 0,00 % p.a. heranzuziehen,] [im Fall der 
Multiplikation mit einem Faktor, einfügen:, multipliziert mit dem [positiven] [negativen] Faktor [und danach]] 
[im Falle einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der [maßgeblichen] Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen, ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz [per annum] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen]. 
Der Zusammengesetze Tägliche [maßgeblichen Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] bezeichnet, in Bezug auf 
eine Zinsenlaufperiode, die Rendite einer täglichen Zinsanlage mit dem täglichen Tageszinssatz in der 
festgelegten Währung (mit dem anwendbaren Referenzsatz (wie in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
angegeben und nachfolgend näher beschrieben) als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
Berechnungsstelle 
zum 
maßgeblichen 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] wie folgt berechnet, wobei der daraus resultierende Prozentsatz, 
sofern notwendig, auf [fünf] [●] Dezimalstellen gerundet wird und [0,000005] [●]% aufgerundet werden: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pGT × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
Anwendbare Periode bezeichnet [im Falle der Beobachtungsmethode Nachlauf: die Zinsenlaufperiode][im 
Falle der Beobachtungsmethode Beobachtungsverschiebung: den Beobachtungszeitraum]. 
GT bezeichnet einen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag. 
D ist [relevante Anzahl an Tagen einfügen] und stellt die Anzahl der Tage im Jahr dar, die für die Berechnung 
des Zinssatzes verwendet wird. 
d bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser Anwendbaren 
Periode. 
do bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die Anzahl der [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-
]Geschäftstage in dieser Anwendbaren Periode. 
i bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, ersten 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstages dieser Anwendbaren Periode wiedergeben. 
ni bezeichnet an jedem Tag i in der Anwendbaren Periode die Anzahl der Kalendertage von diesem [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich). 
Beobachtungsmethode bezeichnet [den Nachlauf] [die Beobachtungsverschiebung].

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet in Bezug auf die maßgebliche Zinsenperiode den Zeitraum ab dem Tag 
(einschließlich), der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag dieser Zinsenlaufperiode 
liegt (und die erste Zinsenperiode beginnt am Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich)), bis zu dem Tag 
(ausschließlich), der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-][Geschäftstage vor dem Zinsenzahlungstag für diese 
Zinsenlaufperiode liegt (oder der Tag, der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor diesem früheren Tag, 
falls vorhanden, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar werden, liegt). 
p bezeichnet für jede Anwendbare Periode [Zahl einfügen] [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-] Geschäftstage (mit der 
Maßgabe, dass p nicht weniger als fünf [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage ohne die vorherige schriftliche 
Zustimmung der Berechnungsstelle betragen darf oder, falls keine solche Anzahl angegeben ist, fünf [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-] Geschäftstage). 
r bezeichnet: 
[sofern SONIA als der maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen SONIA-
Geschäftstag, den SONIA-Satz in Bezug auf diesen SONIA-Geschäftstag.] 
[sofern SOFR als der maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen SOFR-
Geschäftstag, den SOFR in Bezug auf diesen SOFR-Geschäftstag.] 
[sofern €STR als maßgeblicher Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen €STR-Geschäftstag, 
den €STR in Bezug auf diesen €STR-Geschäftstag.] 
r(i-pGT) bezeichnet den anwendbaren Referenzsatz, wie in der vorstehenden Definition von r angegeben für 
[sofern Nachlauf als Beobachtungsmethode angegeben ist: den [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag (der 
ein [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag ist, der in den maßgeblichen Beobachtungszeitraum fällt), der p 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem maßgeblichen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i 
liegt.] [anderenfalls: den maßgeblichen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i.] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] erster Variabler Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Variable Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Ersten Variablen Kupontermin endet (die 
Interpolierte Variable Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Referenzzinssatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen 
Interpolation des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur 
Interpolierten Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit, jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt.)] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] letzter Variabler Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Variable Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Letzten Variablen Kupontermin endet 
(die Interpolierte Variable Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Referenzzinssatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen 
Interpolation des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur 
Interpolierten Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit, jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt.)] 
[Faktor bedeutet eine positive oder negative Zahl und wurde [für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [+][-] 
[Zahl einfügen] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Marge entspricht einem Auf- oder Abschlag in Prozentpunkten und wurde [für die [erste] [●] 
Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [●] [für die [●] Zinsenlaufperiode mit [●]] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Fortsetzung allgemeine Bestimmungen für variable Verzinsung: 
[(3)] [Im Fall, dass ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Mindestzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen 
Bestimmungen für [die erste] [die [●]] [eine] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode ermittelte Variable Zinssatz niedriger 
ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen] (Floor).] 
[Im Fall, dass ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Höchstzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen 
für [die erste] [die [●]] [eine] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode ermittelte Variable Zinssatz höher ist als

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] 
(Cap).] 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Zinsenbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach [dem][jedem] Zeitpunkt, 
an dem der Variable Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Variablen Zinssatz bestimmen und den auf die Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsenbetrag (der Zinsenbetrag) für die entsprechende Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode berechnen. Der maßgebliche Zinsenbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Variable Zinssatz und 
der Zinsentagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf [den ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag der Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen] [die Festgelegte Stückelung] angewendet werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag auf 
die kleinste Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten 
aufgerundet werden. 
[(●)] Mitteilung von Variablem Zinssatz und Zinsenbetrag. 
[Im Falle der Zinsenfestlegung im Vorhinein einfügen: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Variable Zinssatz[, der Zinsenbetrag für die jeweilige Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode,] [und] die jeweilige Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [und der betreffende Variable 
Zinsenzahlungstag] 
(i) der Emittentin[,] [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die 
Börse verlangen], baldmöglichst nach dessen Festlegung, aber keinesfalls später als am [zweiten] [●] 
Geschäftstag vor Beginn der [jeweiligen] Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode] [ersten Tag der [jeweiligen] Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderen Zeitpunkt einfügen] mitgeteilt werden und 
(i) den Gläubigern unverzüglich gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt werden. 
[Veröffentlichungen von Informationen zur Zinsenfestlegung gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen der Börse, 
an der die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, erfolgen in jenem Umfang, der gemäß diesen 
Regeln dafür vorgesehen ist.] 
Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode können der mitgeteilte 
Zinsenbetrag und der mitgeteilte Variable Zinsenzahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst 
(oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend der 
Emittentin, [dem Clearing System,] [allen Börsen, an denen die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind], [jeder Zahlstelle] sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] 
Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt.]] 
[Im Falle der Zinsenfestlegung im Nachhinein einfügen: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Variable Zinssatz[, der Zinsenbetrag für die jeweilige Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode,] [und] die jeweilige Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [und der betreffende Variable 
Zinsenzahlungstag] 
[(i) der Emittentin, [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die 
Börse verlangen], baldmöglichst nach Festlegung, aber keinesfalls später als am [[●] Geschäftstag vor Ablauf 
der [jeweiligen] Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode] [[zweiten] [●] Geschäftstag vor dem Variablen [Kupontermin] 
[Zinsenzahlungstag]] der [jeweiligen] Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderen Zeitpunkt einfügen] mitgeteilt 
werden und] 
[(i) 
der Emittentin, [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die 
Börse verlangen] an dem Tag mitgeteilt wird, der zwei (2) Geschäftstage nach dem Ende des 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] liegt und] 
(ii) den Gläubigern unverzüglich gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt werden. 
[Veröffentlichungen von Informationen zur Zinsen-festlegung gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen der Börse, 
an der die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, erfolgen in jenem Umfang, der gemäß diesen 
Regeln dafür vorgesehen ist.] 
[Im Fall von Variabel zu Fest verzinslichen Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 Variable Verzinsung.

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 Variabler 
Zinssatz, 
Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode[n], 
Zinsenwechseltag. 
Die 
Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen werden [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein bezogen auf ihren 
Nennbetrag ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) während der 
Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode[n] bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: [letzten] Variablen Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: [letzten] Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag)] (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
[Eine][Die] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
[im Fall keiner Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Variablen Kupontermin] [im 
Fall einer Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag] 
(ausschließlich) [und danach von jedem [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: Variablen Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: 
Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Variablen Kupontermin bzw. den Zinsenwechseltag] [im Fall 
einer Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag 
bzw. den Zinsenwechseltag] (jeweils ausschließlich)]. 
Zinsenwechseltag bezeichnet den [letzten Variablen Kupontermin einfügen] [auf den Variablen 
Kupontermin [letzten Variablen Kupontermin einfügen] bezüglichen Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag]. 
Die Variable[n] Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt] [unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
 Variabler Kupontermin. Die Variablen Zinsen sind [jährlich] [halbjährlich][vierteljährlich] nachträglich 
zahlbar. [Variable Kupontermine sind jeweils der [Datum einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] (jeweils ein 
Variabler Kupontermin) und bleiben immer unangepasst.] [Variabler Kupontermin ist der [Variablen 
Kupontermin einfügen] und dieser bleibt immer unangepasst 
[Der erste Variable Kupontermin ist der [ersten Variablen Kupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Variable 
Kupontermin ist der [letzten Variablen Kupontermin einfügen].] 
 Variable[r] Zinsenzahlungstag[e]. 
Variable Zinsen auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind [an jedem][am] Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag 
zahlbar. Variabler Zinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Variablen Zinsen 
tatsächlich fällig und zahlbar sind. Dieser kann mit dem Variablen Kupontermin zusammenfallen, oder 
verschiebt sich – sollte der Variable Kupontermin auf einen Tag fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der 
zur Anwendung kommenden Anpassungsregel, wie in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, 
auf den entsprechenden Geschäftstag. 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Variabler Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode ist [verkürzt] [verlängert]; [Erster Variabler Kupontermin ist: [ersten Variablen 
Kupontermin einfügen] [(der Erste Variable Kupontermin)]] [Letzter Variabler Kupontermin ist: [letzten 
Variablen Kupontermin einfügen] [(der Letzte Variable Kupontermin)]].] 
[Auswahlmöglichkeiten für verschiedene Referenzwerte für die variable Verzinsung: 
[Im Fall, dass die variable Verzinsung in Abhängigkeit von einem Referenz-Zinssatz berechnet werden soll, 
einfügen: 
 Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der Variable Zinssatz) für [die][jede] Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode ist, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird,  
[Für EURIBOR oder einen anderen Referenz-Zinssatz außer einem zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-
Referenzsatz einfügen: 
der Referenz-Zinssatz [, sollte dieser Referenz-Zinssatz jedoch geringer als 0,00 % p.a. sein, ist ein Referenz-
Zinssatz von 0,00 % p.a. heranzuziehen,] [im Fall der Multiplikation mit einem Faktor, einfügen:, multipliziert 
mit dem [positiven] [negativen] Faktor [und danach]] [im Falle einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] 
der [maßgeblichen] Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen, ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz [per annum] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen]. 
[Für Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SONIA, Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SOFR, Zusammengesetzten 
Täglichen €STR oder einen anderen zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen:

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
der 
Zusammengesetzte 
Tägliche 
[maßgeblicher 
Overnight-Referenzsatz 
einfügen], 
wobei 
ein 
Durchschnittskurs 
für 
die 
relevante 
Zinsenlaufperiode 
am 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] gemäß der unten dargestellten Formel (wie 
nachstehend definiert) berechnet wird [und sollte dieser Zusammengesetzte Tägliche [maßgeblicher 
Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] jedoch geringer als 0,00 % p.a. sein, ist ein Zusammengesetzter Täglicher 
[maßgeblicher Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] von 0,00 % p.a. heranzuziehen,] [im Fall der 
Multiplikation mit einem Faktor, einfügen:, multipliziert mit dem [positiven] [negativen] Faktor [und danach]] 
[im Falle einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der [maßgeblichen] Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen, ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz [per annum] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen]. 
Der Zusammengesetze Tägliche [maßgeblichen Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] bezeichnet, in Bezug auf 
eine Zinsenlaufperiode, die Rendite einer täglichen Zinsanlage mit dem täglichen Tageszinssatz in der 
festgelegten Währung (mit dem anwendbaren Referenzsatz (wie in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
angegeben und nachfolgend näher beschrieben) als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
Berechnungsstelle 
zum 
maßgeblichen 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] wie folgt berechnet, wobei der daraus resultierende Prozentsatz, 
sofern notwendig, auf [fünf] [●] Dezimalstellen gerundet wird und [0,000005] [●]% aufgerundet werden: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pGT × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
Anwendbare Periode bezeichnet [im Falle der Beobachtungsmethode Nachlauf: die Zinsenlaufperiode][im 
Falle der Beobachtungsmethode Beobachtungsverschiebung: den Beobachtungszeitraum]. 
GT bezeichnet einen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag. 
D ist [relevante Anzahl an Tagen einfügen] und stellt die Anzahl der Tage im Jahr dar, die für die Berechnung 
des Zinssatzes verwendet wird. 
d bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser Anwendbaren 
Periode. 
do bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die Anzahl der [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-
]Geschäftstage in dieser Anwendbaren Periode. 
i bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, ersten 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstages dieser Anwendbaren Periode wiedergeben. 
ni bezeichnet an jedem Tag i in der Anwendbaren Periode die Anzahl der Kalendertage von diesem [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich). 
Beobachtungsmethode bezeichnet [den Nachlauf] [die Beobachtungsverschiebung]. 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet in Bezug auf die maßgebliche Zinsenperiode den Zeitraum ab dem Tag 
(einschließlich), der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag dieser Zinsenlaufperiode 
liegt (und die erste Zinsenperiode beginnt am Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich)), bis zu dem Tag 
(ausschließlich), der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem Zinsenzahlungstag für diese 
Zinsenlaufperiode liegt (oder der Tag, der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor diesem früheren Tag, 
falls vorhanden, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar werden, liegt). 
p bezeichnet für jede Anwendbare Periode [Zahl einfügen] [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage (mit der 
Maßgabe, dass p nicht weniger als fünf [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage ohne die vorherige schriftliche 
Zustimmung der Berechnungsstelle betragen darf oder, falls keine solche Anzahl angegeben ist, fünf [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage). 
r bezeichnet: 
[sofern SONIA als der maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen SONIA-
Geschäftstag, den SONIA-Satz in Bezug auf diesen SONIA-Geschäftstag.] 
[sofern SOFR als der maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen SOFR-
Geschäftstag, den SOFR in Bezug auf diesen SOFR-Geschäftstag.]

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
[sofern €STR als maßgeblicher Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen €STR-Geschäftstag, 
den €STR in Bezug auf diesen €STR-Geschäftstag.] 
r(i-pGT) bezeichnet den anwendbaren Referenzsatz, wie in der vorstehenden Definition von r angegeben für 
[sofern Nachlauf als Beobachtungsmethode angegeben ist: den [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag (der 
ein [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag ist, der in den maßgeblichen Beobachtungszeitraum fällt), der p 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem maßgeblichen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i 
liegt.] [anderenfalls: den maßgeblichen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i.] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] erster Variabler Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Variable Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Ersten Variablen Kupontermin endet (die 
Interpolierte Variable Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Referenzzinssatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen 
Interpolation des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur 
Interpolierten Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit, jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt.)] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] letzter Variabler Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Variable Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Letzten Variablen Kupontermin endet 
(die Interpolierte Variable Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Referenzzinssatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen 
Interpolation des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur 
Interpolierten Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit, jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt.)] 
[Faktor bedeutet eine positive oder negative Zahl und wurde [für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [+][-] 
[Zahl einfügen] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Marge entspricht einem Auf- oder Abschlag in Prozentpunkten und wurde [für die [erste] [●] 
Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [●] [für die [●] Zinsenlaufperiode mit [●]] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Fortsetzung allgemeine Bestimmungen für variable Verzinsung: 
[Im Fall, dass ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Mindestzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen 
für [die erste] [die [●]] [eine] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode ermittelte Variable Zinssatz niedriger ist als 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen] % p.a. (Floor).] 
[Im Fall, dass ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Höchstzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen 
für [die erste] [die [●]] [eine] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode ermittelte Variable Zinssatz höher ist als 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] 
% p.a. (Cap).] 
[(e)] Variabler Zinsenbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
der Variable Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Variablen Zinssatz bestimmen und den auf die Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Variablen Zinsenbetrag (der Variable Zinsenbetrag) für die entsprechende 
Variable Zinsenlaufperiode berechnen. Der maßgebliche Variable Zinsenbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der 
Variable Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf [den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen] [die Festgelegte Stückelung] angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 
solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden.

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
[(f)] Mitteilung von Variablem Zinssatz und Variablem Zinsenbetrag. 
[Im Falle der Zinsenfestlegung im Vorhinein einfügen: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Variable Zinssatz[, der Zinsenbetrag für die jeweilige Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode,] [und] die jeweilige Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [und der betreffende Variable 
Zinsenzahlungstag] 
(i) der Emittentin[,] [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die 
Börse verlangen], baldmöglichst nach dessen Festlegung, aber keinesfalls später als am [zweiten] [●] 
Geschäftstag vor Beginn der [jeweiligen] Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode] [ersten Tag der [jeweiligen] Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderen Zeitpunkt einfügen] mitgeteilt werden und 
(ii) den Gläubigern unverzüglich gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt werden. 
[Veröffentlichungen von Informationen zur Zinsenfestlegung gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen der Börse, 
an der die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, erfolgen in jenem Umfang, der gemäß diesen 
Regeln dafür vorgesehen ist.] 
Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode können der mitgeteilte 
Zinsenbetrag und der mitgeteilte Variable Zinsenzahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst 
(oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend der 
Emittentin, [dem Clearing System,] [allen Börsen, an denen die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind], [jeder Zahlstelle] sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § [12 (Mitteilungen / [Keine] 
Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt.] 
[Im Falle der Zinsenfestlegung im Nachhinein einfügen: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Variable Zinssatz[, der Zinsenbetrag für die jeweilige Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode,] [und] die jeweilige Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [und der betreffende Variable 
Zinsenzahlungstag] 
[(i) 
der Emittentin, [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die 
Börse verlangen], baldmöglichst nach Festlegung, aber keinesfalls später als am [●] Geschäftstag vor Ablauf der 
[jeweiligen] Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode] [zweiten] [●] Geschäftstag vor dem Variablen [Kupontermin] 
[Zinsenzahlungstag] der [jeweiligen] Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderen Zeitpunkt einfügen] mitgeteilt 
werden und] 
[(i) 
der Emittentin, [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die 
Börse verlangen] an dem Tag mitgeteilt wird, der zwei (2) Geschäftstage nach dem Ende des 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] liegt und] 
(ii) den Gläubigern unverzüglich gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt werden. 
[Veröffentlichungen von Informationen zur Zinsenfestlegung gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen der Börse, 
an der die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, erfolgen in jenem Umfang, der gemäß diesen 
Regeln dafür vorgesehen ist.] 
 Feste Verzinsung 
 Zinssatz, Festzinsenlaufperiode[n]. Die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen werden, bezogen auf ihren 
Nennbetrag, ab dem Zinsenwechseltag (einschließlich) während der Festzinsenlaufperiode[n] [jährlich] 
[halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein, bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: [letzten] Festkupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: 
Rückzahlungstag wie in § 6(1) definiert] (ausschließlich)] verzinst (der Festzinssatz-Zeitraum). 
[Eine][Die] Festzinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Zinsenwechseltag (einschließlich) bis zum [im 
Fall keiner Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Festkupontermin] [im Fall einer 
Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Festzinsenzahlungstag] [Rückzahlungstag] 
(ausschließlich) [und danach von jedem [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: 
Festkupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Festzinsenzahlungstag] 
(einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
bzw. letzten Festkupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: letzten 
Festzinsenzahlungstag bzw. Rückzahlungstag] (jeweils ausschließlich)]]. 
Die Festzinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt] [unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
[Im Falle eines Zinssatzes für den gesamten Festzinssatz-Zeitraum einfügen: Der Zinssatz beträgt für den 
Festzinssatz-Zeitraum [Zinssatz einfügen] % [p.a.] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen] (der Festzinssatz).]  
[Im Falle mehrerer Zinssätze innerhalb des Festzinssatz-Zeitraumes einfügen: [Der Zinssatz] [Die Zinssätze] 
innerhalb des Festzinssatz-Zeitraumes [beträgt][betragen] für die [erste] Festzinsenlaufperiode [vom 
Zinsenwechseltag bis zum [ersten] [Festkupontermin][Festzinsenzahlungstag] [Rückzahlungstag] [Zinssatz 
einfügen] % [p.a.] [,][und] [für die [n-te] Festzinsenlaufperiode vom [maßgeblichen Festkupontermin/ 
Festzinsenzahlungstag einfügen] bis zum [maßgeblichen Festkupontermin/ Festzinsenzahlungstag einfügen] 
[Rückzahlungstag] [Zinssatz einfügen] % [p.a.]] [,][und] [anderen/ weiteren Zeitraum einfügen] [(der 
jeweilige Festzinssatz)][die jeweiligen Festzinssätze)].] 
 Festkupontermin[e], Festzinsenzahlungstag[e]. Der Festzins ist nachträglich zahlbar. [Festkupontermine 
sind [jeweils] am [Festkupontermin(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] (jeweils ein Festkupontermin) und 
bleiben immer unangepasst.] [Festkupontermin ist der [Festkupontermin einfügen] (der Festkupontermin) 
und dieser bleibt unangepasst.] 
[Der erste Festkupontermin ist der [ersten Festkupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Festkupontermin ist der 
[letzten Festkupontermin einfügen].] 
Festzinsen auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind [am] [an jedem] Festzinsenzahlungstag zahlbar. 
Festzinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Festzinsen tatsächlich fällig und zahlbar 
sind. Dieser kann mit dem Festzinskupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte der 
Festzinskupontermin auf einen Tag fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der zur Anwendung kommenden 
Anpassungsregel, wie in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den entsprechenden 
Geschäftstag.  
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen:[Die [erste] [letzte] Festzinsenlaufperiode ist 
[verkürzt] 
[verlängert]; 
[Erster 
Festkupontermin 
ist: 
[ersten 
Festkupontermin 
einfügen][Letzter 
Festkupontermin ist: [letzten Festkupontermin einfügen].] 
 Berechnung der Festzinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Festzins für einen Zeitraum von weniger als 
einem Jahr zu berechnen ist, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend 
definiert).] 
[Im Fall von Nachrangigen Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
Keine periodischen Zinsenzahlungen. Es erfolgen keine periodischen Zinsenzahlungen auf die Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emissionsrendite[n] [beträgt][betragen] [Emissionsrendite einfügen]. 
[Im Falle von unterschiedlichen Emissionsrenditen für einzelne Zinsenlaufperioden, relevante 
Bestimmungen (einschließlich Ersatzregelungen) hier einfügen]] 
[Fortsetzung allgemeine Bestimmungen für Verzinsung: 
[(●)] Zinsenlauf und Verzugszinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht 
einlöst, 
sind 
die 
Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezogen 
auf 
ihren 
[Nennbetrag] 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag] vom Tag der Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Zinssatzes für 
Verzugszinsen11 zu verzinsen. 
[(●)] Zinsentagequotient. Zinsentagequotient bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines Zinsenbetrages 
auf eine Nachrangige Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum): 
 
11  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt gemäß §§ 288 Absatz l, 247 Bürgerliche Gesetzbuchs (BGB) für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte 
über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank halbjährlich veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
[Im Fall, dass Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
Der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum wird auf folgender Basis berechnet: 
 Wenn der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum gleich oder kürzer ist als die Feststellungsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert), in die der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum fällt, oder falls er ihr entspricht (einschließlich im Falle eines 
kurzen Kupons), ist der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum die Anzahl von Tagen in dem betreffenden 
Zinsenberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch [das Produkt aus (1) der] [die] der Anzahl der Tage in der 
Feststellungsperiode, in die der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum fällt [und (2) der Anzahl der Feststellungsperioden, 
welche normalerweise in einem Kalenderjahr enden]; und 
 wenn der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum länger ist als eine Feststellungsperiode (langer Kupon), ist der 
Zinsenberechnungszeitraum die Summe aus: 
(i) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsenberechnungszeitraum, die in die Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher 
der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch [das Produkt aus (1) der] [die] Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Feststellungperiode [und (2) der Anzahl der Feststellungsperioden, welche normalerweise in ein Kalenderjahr 
fallen][; und 
(ii) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsenberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch [das Produkt aus (1) der] [die] Anzahl der Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode [und (2) der Anzahl 
der Feststellungsperioden, welche normalerweise in einem Kalenderjahr enden].] 
Wobei: 
Feststellungsperiode bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab und einschließlich [Tag(e) und Monat(e) einfügen, an denen 
normalerweise Zinsen gezahlt werden (wenn mehr als einer, dann alternativ diese Daten)] in einem Jahr 
bis, aber ausgenommen, zum nächsten [Tag(e) und Monat(e) einfügen, an denen normalerweise Zinsen 
gezahlt werden (wenn mehr als einer, dann alternativ diese Daten)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 
251)).] 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsenberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil dieses 
Zinsenberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (a) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das 
Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Zinsenberechnungszeitraumes dividiert durch 366 und (b) die tatsächliche Anzahl 
der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Zinsenberechnungszeitraumes dividiert durch 365) (Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)).] 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsenberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsenberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (Actual/360).] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis einfügen: 
Die Anzahl der Tage im jeweiligen Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (30/360, 360/360 oder Bond 
Basis), berechnet wie folgt: 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
ZTQ ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
J1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
J2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt;

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
T1 ist der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
T2 ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und T1 ist größer als 29, in welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im jeweiligen Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet wie folgt (30E/360 
oder Eurobond Basis): 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
ZTQ ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
J1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
J2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
T1 ist der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
T2 ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist. 
 
§ 5 
(Zahlungen) 
 [(a)] Zahlungen von Kapital. Die Zahlungen von Kapital und etwaiger zusätzlicher Beträge in Bezug auf die 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen [nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2)] [an das 
Clearing System oder dessen Order] [an die Zahlstelle] zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber [des Clearing Systems] [gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall von Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der 
die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt der Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der [Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle]]. Die Zahlung von Kapital und etwaiger 
zusätzlicher Beträge hinsichtlich der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt an jeden Gläubiger, der 
Gläubiger zum Geschäftsschluss an dem Tag, der 15 Geschäftstage vor dem maßgeblichen Zahlungstag liegt 
(Berechtigungsdatum), ist. 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
Nachrangigen 
Nullkupon- 
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: 
 Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen und etwaiger zusätzlicher Beträge auf Nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt [nach Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder dessen Order] [an 
die Zahlstelle] zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber [des Clearing Systems]. Die Zahlung 
von Zinsen und etwaiger zusätzlicher Beträge hinsichtlich der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt an 
jeden Gläubiger, der Gläubiger zum Geschäftsschluss am Berechtigungsdatum ist. 
[Im Fall von Zinsenzahlungen auf eine vorläufige Globalurkunde, einfügen: Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 2 Absatz (2)(b).]

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen in der frei 
handelbaren und konvertierbaren Währung, die am entsprechenden Fälligkeitstag die Währung des Staates der 
Festgelegten Währung ist. 
[(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an [das Clearing System oder dessen Order] [an 
die Zahlstelle] von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit.] 
[(3)][(4)] Zahltag. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Nachrangige Schuldverschreibung 
auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann richtet sich deren Zahlbarkeit und tatsächlicher Zahltag nach der jeweils 
zur Anwendung kommenden Geschäftstage-Konvention gemäß Absatz ([4][5][6]). Der Gläubiger hat keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Geschäftstag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist – 
unbeschadet der Bestimmungen betreffend die Zinsenlaufperiode - nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
[[Zahltag] [Geschäftstag] im Sinne dieses § 5 bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem [das Clearing System] [falls die Festgelegte Währung EUR ist oder TARGET aus einem anderen Grund 
benötigt wird, einfügen: [sowie] das Real-time Gross Settlement System des Eurosystems oder dessen 
Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem (T2) (TARGET) betriebsbereit [ist] [sind][und Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln].] 
[([4][5][6])] Geschäftstage-Konvention. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann wird er 
[bei Anwendung der folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention einfügen: auf den nachfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben.] 
[bei Anwendung der modifizierten folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention einfügen: auf den nachfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
wird der Zinsenzahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[bei Anwendung der vorangegangene Geschäftstage-Konvention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Geschäftstag.] 
[bei Anwendung der FRN-Konvention einfügen: auf den nachfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, 
jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird der Zinsenzahlungstag auf 
den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende Zinsenzahlungstag der 
jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des Monats der [Zahl einfügen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte Zeiträume einfügen] 
nach dem vorhergehenden anwendbaren Zinsenzahlungstag liegt.]] 
 
§ 6 
(Rückzahlung) 
 Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder angekauft 
und entwertet, werden die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Endgültigen Rückzahlungsbetrag am 
[im Fall eines festgelegten Rückzahlungstages, Rückzahlungstag einfügen] [im Fall eines 
Rückzahlungsmonats einfügen: in den [Rückzahlungsmonat und Rückzahlungsjahr einfügen] fallenden 
[Variablen] Zinsenzahlungstag (der Rückzahlungstag) zurückgezahlt.  
 Endgültiger Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
Der Endgültige Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jede Nachrangige Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem 
Nennbetrag der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen. 
 Keine Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger. 
Die Gläubiger haben kein Recht, die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu 
verlangen. 
 Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen.

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise, durch eine Mitteilung gemäß § 6([(7)][(8)] mit einer Mitteilungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tagen vorzeitig für rückzahlbar zu erklären und an dem für die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag zu ihrem Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) [zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zu dem für die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen] 
zurückzuzahlen, falls sich die geltende steuerliche Behandlung der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen ändert 
(einschließlich jeder Änderung von Gesetzen oder Vorschriften der Tschechischen Republik oder einer 
politischen Unterteilung oder einer Steuerbehörde in der Tschechischen Republik, jeder Änderung eines 
Steuerabkommens, dessen Partei die Tschechische Republik oder eine politische Unterteilung oder eine 
Steuerbehörde in der Tschechischen Republik ist, oder jeder Änderung der Anwendung oder Auslegung der 
Rechtsvorschriften oder Verträge, insbesondere durch ein Gericht, ein Schiedsgericht oder ein 
Steuerverwaltungsorgan), und die Emittentin [im Falle einer Verpflichtung zum Steuerausgleich (gross-up) 
gemäß § 8 einfügen: aufgrund einer derartigen Änderung zur Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge in Bezug auf die 
Zinszahlungen verpflichtet sein wird [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind, 
einfügen: 
am 
nächstfolgenden 
[Variablen] 
[Zinsenzahlungstag] 
[Festzinsenzahlungstag] (wie in § 4 definiert)] [im Fall von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: bei 
Fälligkeit oder im Fall des Handels oder Tausches einer Schuldverschreibung]; oder] aufgrund einer solchen 
Änderung nicht das Recht hat, einen steuerlich abzugsfähigen Aufwand in voller Höhe in Bezug auf die 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu verbuchen und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen 
vernünftiger, der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann und sofern die 
Bedingungen gemäß § 6([(6)][(7)] (Voraussetzungen für die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung und Rückkauf) erfüllt sind. 
[Falls die Emittentin ein Wahlrecht hat, die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
[(5) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, durch 
eine Mitteilung gemäß § 6[(7)][(8)] mit einer Mitteilungsfrist von nicht weniger als [30] [andere Anzahl 
einfügen] [Geschäftstagen] [Tagen] und nicht mehr als [60] [andere Anzahl einfügen] [Geschäftstagen] 
[Tagen] vorzeitig mit Wirkung [zum [entsprechenden] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) (wie nachstehend 
definiert)][zu einem [Geschäftstag] [Tag] ihrer Wahl] für vorzeitig rückzahlbar zu erklären und die Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen [am [entsprechenden] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)][an jedem [Geschäftstag] [Tag]] 
zum [entsprechenden] Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) [zuzüglich bis zum [entsprechenden] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen] zurückzuzahlen, sofern die Bedingungen gemäß 
§ 6([(6)][(7)] (Voraussetzungen für die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung und Rückkauf) erfüllt sind.] 
[Im Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen an einem bestimmten [Geschäftstag][Tag] rückzahlbar sind, 
einfügen: Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) [ist der folgende Tag] [sind die folgenden Tage] [spezifische Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call)] einfügen] [jeder [Geschäftstag] [●] während der Periode vom (einschließlich) [●] 
bis zum (und einschließlich des) [●]] [und jeder nachfolgende Kupontermin].] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag] [Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträge] (Call) [ist] [sind] [[Wahl Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträge] (Call)] einfügen] [für [den] [die] [folgende[n]] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) einfügen] [[●]]. 
[Eine solche Rückzahlung muss [mindestens] [höchstens] in Höhe von [●]% des Nennbetrages der 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen.]

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
[(5)][(6)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen.  
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise, durch eine Mitteilung gemäß § 6([7][8]) mit einer Mitteilungsfrist von nicht weniger als [30] [andere 
Anzahl einfügen] [Geschäftstagen][Tagen] und nicht mehr als [60] [andere Anzahl einfügen] 
[Geschäftstagen][Tagen] vorzeitig für rückzahlbar zu erklären und an dem für die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag zu ihrem Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) [zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zu dem für die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen] 
zurückzuzahlen, falls sich die aufsichtsrechtliche Einstufung der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen ändert 
(einschließlich aller Änderungen der anwendbaren Bankvorschriften, ihrer Anwendung oder Auslegung durch 
Gerichte oder die zuständige Behörde, wie unten definiert), was nach Einschätzung der Emittentin 
wahrscheinlich dazu führt (A), dass die Verpflichtungen zur Rückzahlung des Kapitalbetrags der Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen ganz oder teilweise nicht für die Aufnahme in das Tier-2-Kapital geeignet sind oder 
geeignet sein werden oder was zu ihrer Neueinstufung als Eigenmittel von geringerer Qualität führen würde, 
oder (B), dass ein Teil der Verpflichtungen für die Rückzahlung des Kapitalbetrags der Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, in dem Umfang, in dem, gemäß Artikel 64 CRR, dieser Teil nicht länger als für die 
Aufnahme in das Tier-2-Kapital geeignet qualifiziert wird, aber gemäß Artikel 72a Absatz 1 Buchstabe b CRR 
oder gemäß des Tschechischen Gesetzes zur Sanierung und Abwicklung bei Fehlen der Änderung als geeignet 
für die Einbeziehung in den Betrag, der zur Erfüllung der Mindestanforderungen für Eigenmittel und 
anrechenbare Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gemäß des tschechischen Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetzes 
erforderlich ist, und dieser Teil dann, weder ganz noch teilweise, geeignet ist für die Einbeziehung in den Betrag, 
der zur Erfüllung der Mindestanforderungen an die Eigenmittel und geeigneten Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gemäß dem tschechischen Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetzes eingehalten werden muss, und sofern die 
Bedingungen gemäß § 6([(6)][(7)] (Voraussetzungen für die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung und Rückkauf) erfüllt sind. 
Wobei: 
Tier-2-Kapital bezeichnet das Tier 2 Kapital der Emittentin und / oder der Gruppe der Emittentin gemäß Artikel 
71 CRR. 
Tschechisches Gesetz zur Sanierung und Abwicklung bedeutet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 374/2015 Slg. 
über die Sanierung und Abwicklung auf dem Finanzmarkt in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung, und alle Verweise 
in diesen Bedingungen auf relevante Bestimmungen des tschechischen Gesetzes zur Sanierung und Abwicklung 
schließen Verweise auf alle anwendbaren gesetzlichen Bestimmungen ein, die diese Bestimmungen von Zeit zu 
Zeit ändern oder ersetzen. 
[(6)][(7)] Voraussetzungen für Vorzeitige Rückzahlung und Rückkauf. Jede Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach diesem 
§ 6 und jeder Rückkauf gemäß § 11(2) setzen voraus, dass: 
 die Emittentin zuvor die Erlaubnis der Zuständigen Behörde (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung und zum Rückkauf gemäß § 11(2) in Übereinstimmung mit den Artikeln 77 und 78 CRR 
erhalten hat, sofern dies zu diesem Zeitpunkt für die Emittentin anwendbar ist; und 
 im Fall einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung oder eines Rückkaufs vor fünf Jahren nach dem Ausgabetag der 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, zusätzlich, sofern dies zu diesem Zeitpunkt für die Emittentin 
anwendbar ist: 
 im Fall einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen gemäß § 6(4), die Emittentin der 
Zuständigen Behörde hinreichend nachgewiesen hat, dass die geltende Änderung der steuerlichen 
Behandlung wesentlich ist und zum Ausgabetag der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
vorherzusehen war; oder 
 im Fall einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung aus aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen gemäß § 6[(5)][(6)], die 
Zuständige Behörde diese Änderung für ausreichend sicher hält und die Emittentin der Zuständigen 
Behörde hinreichend nachgewiesen hat, dass die maßgebliche Änderung der aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Neueinstufung der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zum Ausgabetag der Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht vorherzusehen war; oder 
 im Fall einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung in anderen als den in Punkt (i) oder (ii) genannten Umständen, 
wenn die Emittentin die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen vor oder gleichzeitig mit dieser 
Handlung durch Eigenmittelinstrumente zumindest gleicher Qualität zu Bedingungen ersetzt, die im 
Hinblick auf die Ertragsmöglichkeiten der Emittentin nachhaltig sind, und die Zuständige Behörde diese 
Handlung auf der Grundlage der Feststellung erlaubt hat, dass sie aus aufsichtlicher Sicht vorteilhaft 
und durch außergewöhnliche Umstände gerechtfertigt ist.

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
Ungeachtet der obenstehenden Bedingungen, falls zum Zeitpunkt einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung oder eines 
Rückkaufs die für die Emittentin geltenden anwendbaren Aufsichtsvorschriften die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung oder 
den Rückkauf nur nach Einhaltung von einer oder mehreren alternativen oder zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen zu 
den oben angegebenen erlaubt ist, wird die Emittentin diese (etwaigen) anderen und/oder, falls anwendbar, 
zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen erfüllen. 
Klarstellend wird festgehalten, dass eine Weigerung der Zuständigen Behörde (oder einer anderen relevanten 
Aufsichtsbehörde), eine erforderliche Erlaubnis, Bewilligung oder andere Zustimmung zu erteilen, keinen 
Ausfall in irgendeiner Hinsicht darstellt. 
Wobei: 
Zuständige Behörde bezeichnet die zuständige Behörde gemäß Artikel 4(1)(40) CRR, die für die 
Beaufsichtigung der Emittentin auf Einzel- und/oder konsolidierter Basis verantwortlich ist. 
[(7)][(8)] Mitteilung zur Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung. 
Eine Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemäß § 6(4)[, § 6(5)] oder § 6[(5)][(6)] ist durch die Emittentin gegenüber der 
[Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] und gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [12] mitzuteilen. Diese Mitteilung 
ist unwiderruflich und beinhaltet: 
 die Bezeichnung der zurückzuzahlenden Serie von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen; 
 [den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) oder] [den zur Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag]; und 
[(c) den [Vorzeitigen][Endgültigen] [Wahl-]Rückzahlungs[betrag] [(Call)], zu dem die Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden]. 
[Im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen außer Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen: 
[[(8)][(9]) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
Für die Zwecke [des § 1 (Definitionen),] des § 6(4) (Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen) und 
§ 6([5][6]) (Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen) dieser Bedingungen entspricht der 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag einer Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibung dem Endgültigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
gemäß Absatz (2) dieses § 6].] 
[Im Fall von Nachrangigen Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen: 
[[(8)][(9)]] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 Für die Zwecke des § 6(4) (Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen) und § 6([5][6]) (Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung aus aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen), entspricht der Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag einer 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibung dem Amortisationsbetrag der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibung 
gemäß § 6[●]. 
 [Im Falle der Aufzinsung: Der Amortisationsbetrag einer Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibung 
(Amortisationsbetrag) entspricht der Summe aus: 
 [Referenzpreis] (der Referenzpreis), und 
 dem Produkt aus der Emissionsrendite von [Emissionsrendite einfügen] (jährlich kapitalisiert) und 
dem Referenzpreis ab dem Emissionstag (einschließlich) bis zu dem vorgesehenen Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) oder (je nachdem) dem Tag, an dem die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen fällig 
und rückzahlbar werden.] 
[Im 
Falle 
der 
Abzinsung: 
Der 
Amortisationsbetrag 
einer 
Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibung 
(Amortisationsbetrag) entspricht dem Nennbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung abgezinst mit der 
Emissionsrendite von [Emissionsrendite einfügen] ab dem Rückzahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zu dem 
Tilgungstermin (ausschließlich). Die Berechnung dieses Betrages erfolgt auf der Basis einer jährlichen 
Kapitalisierung der aufgelaufenen Zinsen.] 
Wenn diese Berechnung für einen Zeitraum, der nicht vollen Kalenderjahren entspricht, durchzuführen ist, hat 
sie im Fall des nicht vollständigen Jahres (der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum) auf der Grundlage des 
Zinsentagequotienten (wie in § 4[●] definiert) zu erfolgen.

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 Falls die Emittentin den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag bei Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, wird der 
Amortisationsbetrag einer Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibung wie vorstehend beschrieben berechnet, jedoch mit 
der Maßgabe, dass die Bezugnahmen in Unterabsatz (e)(ii) auf den für die Rückzahlung vorgesehenen 
Rückzahlungstag oder den Tag, an dem diese Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen fällig und rückzahlbar 
werden, durch den früheren der nachstehenden Zeitpunkte ersetzt werden: (i) der Tag, an dem die Zahlung gegen 
ordnungsgemäße Vorlage und Einreichung der betreffenden Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen (sofern 
erforderlich) erfolgt, und (ii) der vierzehnte Tag, nachdem die [Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] gemäß § 12 
(Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt hat, dass ihr die für die Rückzahlung erforderlichen Mittel zur 
Verfügung gestellt wurden.] 
([●]) Rundung von Rückzahlungsbeträgen: Rückzahlungsbeträge werde auf [Anzahl einfügen] Dezimalen nach 
dem Komma gerundet. 
 
§ 7 
(Beauftragte Stellen) 
 Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich bestellten Erfüllungsgehilfen (die Beauftragten 
Stellen) und deren jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie folgt: 
Emissionsstelle: 
[●] 
[andere/weitere Emissionsstelle] 
 [Hauptzahlstelle][Zahlstelle]: 
[●] 
[andere/weitere Hauptzahlstelle / Zahlstelle/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle(n)] 
[Berechnungsstelle: 
[Die [Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] handelt auch als Berechnungsstelle.] 
[Als Berechnungsstelle fungiert: [Name und Adresse der Berechnungsstelle einfügen]]] 
[Sonstige Stellen: [sonstige Stellen einfügen]] 
Die oben genannten Beauftragten Stellen behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre jeweilige bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle durch eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu ersetzen. 
 Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung 
einer der oben genannten Beauftragten Stellen zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere [Emissionsstelle] 
[Zahlstelle] oder zusätzliche oder andere Beauftragte Stellen im Einklang mit allen anwendbaren Vorschriften 
zu bestellen. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § [12] 
(Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 10 Tagen informiert wurden. 
[(3) Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin. Jede Beauftragte Stelle handelt ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfe der 
Emittentin und übernimmt keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihr und den Gläubigern begründet.] 
[(3)][(4)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, die von einer Beauftragten Stelle für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin und 
alle sonstigen Beauftragten Stellen/Erfüllungsgehilfen und die Gläubiger bindend.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
§ 8 
(Steuern) 
(1) 
Als Quellensteuerstelle haftet die Emittentin und trägt die Beweislast gegenüber den Steuerbehörden in 
Bezug auf (i) die ordnungsgemäße Einbehaltung von Quellensteuern [und (gegebenenfalls) 
Steuersicherheiten], die nach dem Recht einer Steuerjurisdiktion von jeder Zahlung von Kapital, Zinsen 
oder anderen in Bezug auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträgen einzubehalten 
oder abzuziehen sind, sowie (ii) die Gewährung von Steuererleichterungen. Dementsprechend wird die 
Emittentin, bevor eine Steuererleichterung gewährt werden kann, verlangen, dass die Informationen über 
das 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentum 
ordnungsgemäß 
erhoben 
und 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
den 
Zertifizierungsverfahren übermittelt werden, es sei denn, die Emittentin verzichtet darauf in 
Übereinstimmung mit diesem § 8. 
[Im Fall von Nachrangigen Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen oder im Fall von Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die keine Nachrangigen Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, falls keine 
Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen in Bezug auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen durch oder im Namen der 
Emittentin erfolgen erst nach Abzug oder Einbehalt von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder 
Abgaben jeglicher Art, die durch oder im Namen der Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt oder erhoben werden 
(die Steuern), insoweit als ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Es werden 
keine zusätzlichen Beträge zur Deckung der auf diese Weise abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Beträge 
gezahlt. Die Emittentin wird über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern gegenüber den zuständigen 
staatlichen Stellen Rechenschaft ablegen.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
Nachrangigen 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, falls eine Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich (Gross-up) anwendbar 
ist, einfügen: 
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen oder sonstigen Beträgen, die durch oder im Namen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen sind, erfolgen ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug für oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben jeglicher Art, 
die von oder im Namen der Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt oder erhoben werden (die Steuern), es sei denn, 
ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In einem solchen Fall wird die Emittentin 
in Bezug auf Zahlungen von Zinsen (falls zutreffend) die zusätzlichen Beträge zahlen, die erforderlich 
sind, damit die von den Gläubigern nach einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug erhaltenen Nettobeträge 
den jeweiligen Zinsbeträgen entsprechen, die ihnen ansonsten in Bezug auf die Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug zustehen würden; mit der Ausnahme, 
dass keine solchen zusätzlichen Beträge in Bezug auf Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen gezahlt 
werden: 
(a) 
die in der Tschechischen Republik zur Zahlung vorgelegt werden; oder  
(b) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer in Bezug auf diese Nachrangige Schuldverschreibung 
steuerpflichtig ist, weil er eine andere Verbindung zu der Steuerjurisdiktion hat als nachstehnd 
unter Buchstabe (e) angegeben 
(c) 
die mehr als 30 Tage nach dem Relevanten Datum (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt werden, es sei denn, der Inhaber hätte bei Vorlage an diesem dreißigsten Tag Anspruch 
auf einen zusätzlichen Betrag, wenn er die Nachrangige Schuldverschreibung zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt hätte, vorausgesetzt, dieser Tag wäre ein Zahltag (wie in § 5 Abs. [3][4] definiert) 
gewesen. 
(d) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug für oder aufgrund von Steuern in Bezug auf eine solche 
Nachrangige Schuldverschreibung erforderlich ist, weil die Emittentin oder eine Person im 
Namen der Emittentin nicht ordnungsgemäß wahrheitsgemäße, genaue und vollständige 
Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder einen ähnlichen Freistellungsantrag 
erhalten hat, sofern solche Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ähnliche 
Freistellungsanträge im Rahmen des Zertifizierungsverfahrens erforderlich sind oder auferlegt 
werden, es sei denn, dies ist auf Handlungen oder Unterlassungen der Emittentin oder ihrer 
Erfüllungsgehilfen zurückzuführen. 
(e) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer eine in der Tschechischen Republik steuerlich ansässige 
natürliche Person ist[.] [; oder 
(f) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer eine mit der Emittentin Kapitalmäßig verbundene Person ist].

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
Für den Fall, dass die Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ein ähnlicher 
Freistellungsantrag der Emittentin nicht zu den in vorstehendem Absatz (d) genannten Bedingungen 
vorgelegt werden, wird die Emittentin (i) 35 % Quellensteuer von jeder Zinszahlung auf eine solche 
Nachrangige Schuldverschreibung einbehalten [und (ii) wenn die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
zu einem Preis begeben werden, der unter ihrem Nennwert liegt (d.h. unter pari), 1 % Steuersicherheit von 
jeder Kapitalzahlung auf eine solche Nachrangige Schuldverschreibung], es sei denn, die Emittentin ist 
nach eigenem Ermessen davon überzeugt, dass sie über alle erforderlichen Informationen verfügt, die es 
ihr ermöglichen, die Quellensteuer nicht oder zu einem reduzierten Satz anzuwenden [oder die 
Steuersicherheit nicht anzuwenden]. Außerdem ist die Emittentin, soweit sie sämtliche für ein solches 
Vorgehen notwendigen Auskünfte eingeholt hat, ganz nach eigenem Ermessen berechtigt, die jeweiligen 
Gläubiger für die gemäß dem vorstehenden Satz in Anwendung gebrachte Quellensteuer [oder die 
Steuersicherheit] ganz oder teilweise zu entschädigen. Zum Ausschluss von Zweifeln wird festgehalten, 
dass der jeweilige Gläubiger, falls sich die Emittentin entschlossen hat, eine solche Entschädigung zu 
gewähren, seinen Erstattungsanspruch gemäß dem Schnellerstattungsverfahren bzw. dem Standard-
Erstattungsverfahren (wie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren definiert) nur für Beträge geltend machen kann, 
die über den Betrag der o.g. Entschädigung hinausgehen. 
Die Emittentin kann jederzeit durch Mitteilung an die Gläubiger gemäß § 12 auf die in diesem § 8 (2) 
genannten Bedingungen zugunsten der Wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer verzichten.  
Bezüglich einer etwa gemäß dem Standard-Erstattungsverfahren (wie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren 
definiert) gewährten Erstattung ist die Emittentin berechtigt, von der jeweiligen Zahlung eine Gebühr 
einzubehalten, die sich errechnet als Summe von (a) einem Fixbetrag i.H.v. [●] und (b) jeglichen 
Verwaltungsgebühren, Pönalen, Zinsen oder ähnlichen Kosten, die der Emittentin in Zusammenhang mit 
einer solchen Erstattung womöglich entstehen (jeweils zuzüglich der anzuwendenden Mehrwertsteuer).] 
(3) 
Vorbehaltlich des Handelns der Emittentin nach Treu und Glauben und in wirtschaftlich angemessener 
Weise gemäß § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB) und unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 Tagen, die den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 für jede derartige Festsetzung zu gewähren ist, ist 
die Emittentin berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger eine Festsetzung (jeweils eine Festsetzung) 
zu einer Bestimmung dieses § 8 vorzunehmen, um Folgendes zu berücksichtigen: 
(a) 
eine Änderung des anwendbaren tschechischen Rechts oder der tschechischen Vorschriften 
(einschließlich etwaige veröffentlichten Praktiken) in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren oder 
einer Entscheidung oder offiziellen Auslegung derselben; 
(b) 
eine von den tschechischen Steuerbehörden oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde auferlegte 
Anforderung in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; 
(c) 
eine Änderung des marktüblichen Ansatzes in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; oder 
(d) 
eine Änderung der anwendbaren Regeln oder Verfahren einer Partei bei der Durchführung der 
Zertifizierungsverfahren. 
Zur Klarstellung: Eine Festsetzung ist nicht als Änderung, Modifizierung oder Ergänzung der 
Bedingungen der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen anzusehen. 
(4) 
Ungeachtet gegenteiliger Bestimmungen in diesem § 8 werden keine zusätzlichen Beträge gezahlt, 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß einer in Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 (der Code) beschriebenen Vereinbarung erforderlich ist oder anderweitig gemäß den 
Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des Codes, etwaigen Vorschriften oder Abkommen, deren amtlicher 
Auslegung oder Gesetzen zur Umsetzung einer diesbezüglichen zwischenstaatlichen Zusammenarbeit 
oder einem Abkommen zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika und der Tschechischen 
Republik zur Umsetzung von FATCA oder einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung oder Einhaltung eines solchen 
Abkommens oder zu dessen Anpassung an ein solches Abkommen vorgeschrieben ist. 
 (5)  
Im Sinne dieses Basisprospekts gilt Folgendes : 
Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer bezeichnet einen Inhaber einer Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibung, 
wenn dieser Inhaber auch wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer (im Sinne des OECD-Musterabkommens zur 
Vermeidung der Doppelbesteuerung von Einkommen und Vermögen) in Bezug auf die auf diese

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
Nachrangige Schuldverschreibung gezahlten Erträge ist, oder einen Empfänger solcher Erträge, der als 
wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer im obigen Sinne gilt; 
Informationen über das wirtschaftliche Eigentum bezeichnet bestimmte Informationen und 
Unterlagen, wie sie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren festgelegt sind, insbesondere in Bezug auf die 
Identität und das Land des steuerlichen Wohnsitzes eines Empfängers einer Zins- oder Tilgungszahlung 
in Bezug auf eine Nachrangige Schuldverschreibung (zusammen mit den entsprechenden Nachweisen), 
die es der Emittentin ermöglichen, zuverlässig festzustellen, dass ein solcher Empfänger ein 
Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer in Bezug auf eine solche Zahlung ist und dass alle Bedingungen für die 
Gewährung einer Steuererleichterung, falls vorhanden, erfüllt sind. 
Zertifizierungsverfahren bezeichnet die von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg, eingeführten 
Verfahren zur Steuererleichtung an der Quelle und Erstattungsverfahren für die Tschechische Republik 
zur Erleichterung der Erfassung der Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum, die auf der 
Website der International Capital Market Services Association unter www.icmsa.org abrufbar sind, in 
ihrer jeweils geänderten oder ersetzten Fassung. 
[Tschechischer Steuerausländer bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nicht in der Tschechischen 
Republik steuerlich ansässig ist, entweder nach dem Einkommensteuergesetz oder nach einem 
einschlägigen Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden);] 
[Tschechischer Steueransässiger bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nach dem tschechischen 
Einkommensteuergesetz sowie nach einem einschlägigen Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden) in der 
Tschechischen Republik steuerlich ansässig ist;] 
[Einkommensteuergesetz 
bezeichnet 
das 
tschechische 
Gesetz 
Nr. 586/1992 
Slg. 
über 
Einkommenssteuern in seiner geänderten Fassung;] 
[Juristische Person bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der keine natürliche Person ist (d.h. ein 
Steuerzahler, der der Körperschaftssteuer unterliegt, aber nicht unbedingt eine Rechtspersönlichkeit 
hat).] 
OECD bedeutet Organisation für wirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit und Entwicklung (Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development); 
[Kapitalmäßig verbundene Person bezeichnet jede Person (natürliche oder juristische Person), bei 
denen (i) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten einer anderen Person 
beteiligt ist oder (ii) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten mehrerer 
Personen beteiligt ist, und in beiden Fällen diese Beteiligung (direkt oder indirekt) mindestens 25% des 
eingetragenen Kapitals oder 25% der Stimmrechte dieser anderen Person(en) ausmacht]. 
[Relevantes Datum bezeichnet den jeweils späteren der beiden folgenden Zeitpunkte: (1) der Tag, an 
dem die betreffende Zahlung erstmals fällig wird, und (2) falls der zu zahlende Betrag nicht in voller 
Höhe in einer Stadt, in der die Banken Zugang zum TARGET System haben, bei der Zahlstelle an oder 
vor diesem Fälligkeitstag eingegangen ist, der Tag, an dem (nachdem der volle Betrag eingegangen ist) 
eine entsprechende Mitteilung an die Gläubiger erfolgt ist.] 
Steuerjurisdiktion bezeichnet die (i) Tschechische Republik oder eine ihrer politischen 
Untergliederungen oder eine Behörde davon oder darin, die zur Besteuerung befugt ist; oder (ii) jede 
andere Jurisdiktion oder eine politische Untergliederung oder eine zur Besteuerung befugten Behörde 
davon oder darin, der die von der Emittentin geleisteten Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen auf die 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen generell unterliegen. 
Steuererleichterung bezeichnet eine Befreiung von der Quellensteuer bzw. der Steuersicherheit, sei es 
in Form einer Befreiung oder der Anwendung eines ermäßigten Satzes. 
[Steuersicherheit bezeichnet einen besonderen Betrag, der von einer Quellensteuerstelle (z.B. vom 
Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung oder vom Käufer einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
steuerpflichtiger Einkünfte einbehalten wird und im Wesentlichen als Vorschuss auf die vom 
Empfänger der betreffenden Einkünfte selbst zu erhebende Steuer dient (d.h. im Gegensatz zur 
Quellensteuer stellt der so einbehaltene Betrag im Allgemeinen keine endgültige Steuerschuld dar);] 
[Steuerabkommen bezeichnet ein gültiges und wirksames Steuerabkommen zwischen der 
Tschechischen Republik und einem anderen Land, nach dem der tschechische Steuerausländer als 
Steueransässiger des letzteren Landes behandelt wird. Im Falle Taiwans handelt es sich bei dem 
Steuerabkommen um das Gesetz Nr. 45/2020 Slg. über die Beseitigung der Doppelbesteuerung im 
Verhältnis zu Taiwan in seiner geänderten Fassung.] 
[Quellensteuer bezeichnet eine Steuer, die durch Abzug an der Quelle durch eine Quellensteuerstelle 
(z. B. durch den Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung von steuerpflichtigem 
Einkommen erhoben wird. Außer unter bestimmten begrenzten Umständen wird eine solche Steuer im 
Allgemeinen als endgültig betrachtet.] 
§ 9 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB) bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen [(i)] im Hinblick auf das Kapital auf [zehn] [andere Anzahl Jahre 
einfügen] [Jahre] [verkürzt] [unbegrenzte Zeit] [festgesetzt][.] [(ii) und im Hinblick auf die Zinsen auf [vier] 
[andere Anzahl Jahre einfügen] [Jahre] [unbegrenzte Zeit] [festgesetzt][verkürzt]]. 
 
§ 10 
(Änderung der Bedingungen, Gemeinsamer Vertreter)  
 Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Gläubiger können entsprechend den Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz –SchVG) durch einen Beschluss 
mit der in Absatz (2) bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung der 
Bedingungen, vorbehaltlich der Zustimmung der Zuständigen Behörde (oder einer anderen relevanten 
Aufsichtsbehörde), sofern und insoweit erforderlich, mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der 
nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, die benachteiligten Gläubiger 
stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. Es wird keine Änderung der Bedingungen ohne Zustimmung 
der Emittentin geben. 
 Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 75% der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Bedingungen nicht geändert 
wird und die keinen Gegenstand des § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
 Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich im Wege der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung durchgeführt. Eine Gläubigerversammlung und eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche 
Versammlung durch die Emittentin findet ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
 Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, 
falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach Maßgabe des Nennbetrags oder 
des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den ausstehenden Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
[Im Fall, dass kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Bedingungen bestellt wird, einfügen: Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger 
bestellen.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in den Bedingungen: Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [Name 
des Gemeinsamen Vertreters einfügen]. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit 
zur Last.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur 
Geltendmachung von Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. 
Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
§ 11 
(Begebung Weiterer Nachrangiger Schuldverschreibungen, Rückkauf und Entwertung) 
[(1) Dieser Paragraph ist absichtlich frei gelassen.] 
[(1) Begebung weiterer Nachrangiger Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, bis zum [Datum 
einfügen] vorbehaltlich der Einhaltung aufsichtsrechtlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Vorschriften und ohne die 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen mit gleichen Bedingungen 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Begebungstages, des Emissionspreises und der ersten Zinsenzahlung) in der 
Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit dieser Tranche der Serie [Serie einfügen] eine einheitliche Serie bilden.] 
 Rückkauf. Vorausgesetzt, dass die Bedingungen gemäß § 6[(6)][(7)] erfüllt sind, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Die 
von der Emittentin erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder, vorbehaltlich der Erfüllung gesetzlicher Voraussetzungen, [entwertet werden] [bei der 
[Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden]. 
 
§ 12 
(Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) 
[(1) Die Emittentin wird alle die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearing System an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am [Zahl des Tages einfügen] Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung [an das Clearing System] [im: 
[Medium einfügen]] als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[(1)][(2)] [Im Falle von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Notierungsbehörde, Börse 
und/oder durch ein Kursnotierungssystem zugelassen und/oder einbezogen sind und/oder deren Kurse durch sie 
bzw. es notiert werden, werden Mitteilungen im Einklang mit den Regeln und Bestimmungen einer solchen 
Notierungsbehörde, Börse und/oder eines solchen Kursnotierungssystems veröffentlicht werden. [Solange die 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Börse gelistet werden, werden die die Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse www.luxse.com 
beziehungsweise auf einer anderen Website oder über ein anderes Publikationsmedium gemäß den Regeln und 
Bestimmungen der Luxemburger Börse veröffentlicht.] 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am Tag der Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt.] 
[Eine Börsennotiz ist nicht vorgesehen.] 
[[(1)][(2)][(3)] Die Emittentin wird Mitteilungen [auch] [auf deren Website unter [www.rb.cz]] [und] [in einer 
führenden Tageszeitung mit allgemeiner Verbreitung in [Luxemburg][anderes Land einfügen], voraussichtlich 
[Zeitung einfügen]], veröffentlichen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am [Zahl des Tages einfügen] Tag nach 
dem Tag der Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt.]  
[[(2)][(3)][(4)] Jede derartige Mitteilung [, außer im Fall von Absatz [(1)][(2)],] gilt bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am [Zahl des Tages einfügen] Tag nach dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung als 
wirksam erfolgt.] 
[(2)][(3)][(4)][(5)] Form der Mitteilung der Gläubiger. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache erfolgen. Der Benachrichtigung ist ein Nachweis 
beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung 
Inhaber der betreffenden Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
an die Depotbank (wie in § 13 (3) (Schlussbestimmungen) definiert) oder auf jede andere geeignete Weise 
erbracht werden. Solange Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen durch eine Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, kann 
eine solche Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger an die [Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] über das Clearing System 
in der von der [Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] und dem Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
§ 13 
(Schlussbestimmungen)  
 Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich nach deutschem Recht.  
 Tschechiches Insolvenzrecht. Die nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen unterliegen, obwohl für diese 
deutsches Recht anzuwenden ist, den Bestimmungen des tschechischen Insolvenzrechts, des tschechischen 
Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetzes und allen anderen Bestimmungen des tschechischen Rechts, die auf die 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen als Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund ihres in § 3 (Status) festgelegten 
Status anwendbar oder für diese relevant sind. 
 Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu sichern und geltend zu machen: (i) einer Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank, bei der er für die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine 
schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält, 
und (ii) einer Kopie der die betreffenden Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde, 
deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original ein vertretungsberechtigte Person von dem Clearingsystem oder einer 
Verwahrstelle des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die 
Nachrachingen Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich 
wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Depotgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich dem Clearingsystem. 
Unbeschadet der vorstehenden Bestimmungen ist jeder Gläubiger berechtigt, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere im Land des Verfahrens zulässige Weise geltend zu 
machen. 
 Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren (Rechtsstreitigkeiten) ist das Landgericht 
in Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.  
 Sprache. 
[Im Fall zweisprachiger Bedingungen und maßgeblicher deutscher Fassung einfügen: 
Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. 
Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Im Fall einsprachig deutscher Bedingungen einfügen: 
Diese Bedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[Im Fall zweisprachiger Bedingungen und maßgeblicher englischer Fassung einfügen: 
Diese Bedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. 
Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
OPTION II: EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN FÜR BERÜCKSICHTIGUNGSFÄHIGE 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
§ 1 
(Definitionen) 
Bedingungen bedeutet diese Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen, wie vervollständigt. 
[Wenn Referenz-Zinssatz anwendbar, einfügen: 
Bildschirmseite [[●]]bedeutet [REUTERS Bildschirmseite [EURIBOR01] [PRBO=][Bildschirmseite und ggf. 
zusätzliche Angaben einfügen] oder jede Nachfolgeseite.] 
[Wenn Referenz-Swapsatz anwendbar, einfügen: 
Bildschirmseite [[●]]bedeutet [●]] 
[Wenn Referenzwert ist CMS-Satz, einfügen: 
Bildschirmseite [[●]]bedeutet [●]] 
Clearing System bedeutet [im Fall von mehr als einem Clearing System einfügen: jeweils]: [Clearstream 
Banking, S.A., Luxemburg, (CBL)] [,] [und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, als Betreiberin des Euroclear Systems 
(Euroclear)] [(CBL und Euroclear sind jeweils ein ICSD (International Central Securities Depositary) und 
zusammen die ICSDs)] [,] [und] [anderes Clearing System angeben]. 
[Geschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [das Clearing System] [falls 
die Festgelegte Währung EUR ist oder TARGET aus einem anderen Grund benötigt wird, einfügen: [sowie] 
das Real-time Gross Settlement System des Eurosystems oder dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem (T2) 
(TARGET) betriebsbereit [ist] [sind] [falls die Festgelegte Währung nicht EUR ist, oder falls aus anderen 
Gründen erforderlich, einfügen: [und] Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten 
Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln].] 
[Gläubiger 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
[Wenn Referenzwert anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
Referenzwert bedeutet einen Wert, [der] [dessen Entwicklung] [die Höhe] [eines/des/der variablen 
Zinssatzes/Zinssätze] [und][oder][die Verzinsung für eine bestimmte Zinsenlaufperiode] [und] [oder] [die 
Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibungen] [eine andere Rechtsfolge einfügen] bestimmt (z.B. ein Zinssatz, ein 
Swapsatz, ein Wechselkurs, etc.)] 
[Wenn der Referenzwert ein Zinssatz ist einfügen: 
Referenz-Zinssatz ist der Angebotssatz für den [Zahl]-Monats [EURIBOR][PRIBOR] [anderen Referenz-
Zinssatz einfügen], der auf der Bildschirmseite am [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festsetzen] gegen [11.00] [maßgebliche Uhrzeit einfügen] Uhr ([maßgebliche 
Zeitzone einfügen]) angezeigt wird. 
[Für EURIBOR oder einen anderen Referenzsatz außer PRIBOR und einem zusammengesetzten täglichen 
Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Sollte – außer im Falle eines Einstellungsereignisses (wie nachstehend definiert) - zu der genannten Zeit die 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird kein Angebotssatz angezeigt, ist der Zinssatz 
der auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigte Angebotssatz, wie oben beschrieben, am letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde.] 
[Für PRIBOR einfügen: 
Sollte – außer im Falle eines Einstellungsereignisses (wie nachstehend definiert) - zu der genannten Zeit die 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird kein Angebotssatz angezeigt, so wird die 
Emittentin oder ein von ihr benannter Erfüllungsgehilfe die Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) 
auffordern, der Berechnungsstelle deren jeweilige Angebotssätze (jeweils als Prozentsatz [per annum] [anderen 
Zeitraum einfügen] ausgedrückt) für den Referenz-Zinssatz um ca. [11.00] [maßgebliche Uhrzeit einfügen] 
Uhr ([maßgebliche Zeitzone einfügen]) am [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag]

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festsetzen] zu nennen, und die Emittentin bzw. der von ihr benannte 
Erfüllungsgehilfe werden in einem solchen Fall sämtliche erhaltenen Angebotssätze an die Berechnungsstelle 
weiterleiten. Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Emittentin bzw. dem von ihr benannten 
Erfüllungsgehilfen solche Angebotssätze nennen, ist der Referenz-Zinssatz [für die betreffende 
Zinsenlaufperiode] das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein 
[Tausendstel] [Zehntausendstel] [Hunderttausendstel] [andere Rundungsregel einfügen] Prozent, wobei 
[0,0005][0,00005] [0,000005][andere Rundungsregel einfügen] aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze[, 
jedoch zumindest 0,00 % p.a.], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
Falls an einem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag 
festlegen] nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der Emittentin bzw. dem von ihr benannten Erfüllungsgehilfen 
solche im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Angebotssätze nennt, ist der Referenz-Zinssatz [für die 
betreffende Zinsenlaufperiode ] [anderes Ereignis festlegen] der Satz [per annum] [anderen Zeitraum 
einfügen], den die Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf 
das nächste ein [Tausendstel] [Zehntausendstel] [Hunderttausendstel] [andere Rundungsregel einfügen] 
Prozent, wobei [0,0005][0,00005][0,000005][andere Rundungsregel einfügen] aufgerundet wird) der 
Angebotssätze ermittelt, die die Referenzbanken bzw. zwei oder mehrere von ihnen der Emittentin bzw. dem 
von ihr benannten Erfüllungsgehilfen als den jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu dem ihnen um ca. [11.00][maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit einfügen] Uhr ([maßgebliche Zeitzone einfügen]) an dem betreffenden [Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] Einlagen in der festgelegten 
Währung für die betreffende Zinsenlaufperiode von führenden Banken im [Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Interbanken-Markt [in der Euro-Zone] angeboten werden[, jedoch zumindest 0,00 % p.a.]. 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenz-Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen ermittelt werden kann, 
so ermittelt die Emittentin den Referenz-Zinssatz [für die betreffende Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderes Ereignis 
festlegen] nach ihrem billigen Ermessen gemäß § 317 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB) und unter 
Berücksichtigung der operativen Erfordernisse der Berechnungsstelle. Die Emittentin wird die 
Berechnungsstelle über jegliche Bestimmungen informieren, welche sie selbst gemäß den Bedingungen gemacht 
hat. 
Referenzbanken bezeichnen die Niederlassungen von mindestens [vier][andere Anzahl einfügen] 
bedeutenden Banken am [relevanten] [maßgebliches Finanzzentrum einfügen] Interbanken-Markt [in der 
Euro-Zone].] 
[Für Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SONIA einfügen: 
SONIA bezeichnet für jeden SONIA-Geschäftstag einen Referenzsatz, der dem täglichen Sterling Overnight 
Index Average für diesen SONIA-Geschäftstag entspricht, wie von dem Administrator des SONIA autorisierten 
Stellen zur Verfügung gestellt und sodann auf der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht, oder, falls die Bildschirmseite 
nicht verfügbar ist, wie anderweitig von diesen autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht (jeweils an dem SONIA-
Geschäftstag, der diesem SONIA-Geschäftstag unmittelbar folgt). 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit von den 
autorisierten Stellen kein Angebotssatz angezeigt, ist SONIA: (i) der Zinssatz der Bank of England (der 
Einlagenzinssatz), der bei Geschäftsschluss am jeweiligen Londoner Geschäftstag gilt; plus (ii) der Mittelwert 
der Zinsspannen von SONIA zum Einlagenzinssatz der letzten fünf Tage, an denen SONIA veröffentlicht wurde, 
mit Ausnahme der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als eine höchste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser 
höchsten Zinsspannen) und der niedrigsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als eine niedrigste Zinsspanne gibt, 
nur eine dieser niedrigsten Zinsspannen) zum Einlagenzinssatz. 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von der Berechnungsstelle 
bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten vorangegangenen [Zinsenfestlegungstages] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstages] [Beobachtungstages] [anderen Tag festlegen] sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen 
solchen vorangegangenen [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen 
Tag festlegen] gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche Schuldverschreibungen für die erste 
Zinsenlaufperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von gleicher 
Dauer wie die erste Zinsenlaufperiode aber endend am Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden. 
Wobei insofern gilt: 
SONIA-Geschäftstag bezeichnet jeden Tag, an dem Geschäftsbanken für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr 
(einschließlich des Handels mit Devisengeschäften und Deviseneinlagen) in London geöffnet sind.] 
[Für Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SOFR einfügen:

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
SOFR bezeichnet, in Bezug auf einen SOFR-Geschäftstag, einen Referenzsatz, der dem täglichen Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate entspricht, wie von der Federal Reserve Bank, New York als Administrator dieses 
Referenzsatzes auf der Webseite der Federal Reserve Bank, New York um oder gegen 17.00 Uhr (New Yorker 
Zeit) an dem SOFR-Geschäftstag, der unmittelbar auf diesen SOFR-Geschäftstag folgt, zur Verfügung gestellt 
wird. 
Sollte SOFR nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz angezeigt, und (1) 
sofern nicht die Emittentin der Berechnungsstelle bestätigt hat, dass sowohl ein SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis 
als auch ein SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der SOFR des letzten U.S. Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstags, für den der SOFR auf der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht wurde; oder (2) wenn die Emittentin der 
Berechnungsstelle bestätigt hat, dass sowohl ein SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SOFR Index 
Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der Zinssatz (einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen oder Anpassungen), der als 
Ersatz für den SOFR vom Federal Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder einem 
Ausschuss, der vom Federal Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York offiziell eingesetzt 
oder einberufen wurde, um einen Ersatz für die Secured Overnight Financing Rate (die von einer Federal Reserve 
Bank oder einer anderen ernannten Administrator festgelegt werden kann) vorzugeben, festgelegt wurde und der 
Berechnungsstelle durch die Emittentin mitgeteilt wurde, vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz der 
Berechnungsstelle innerhalb eines U.S. Staatsanleihen Geschäftstags nach dem SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag 
von der Emittentin als empfohlen mitgeteilt wurde, der Zinssatz für jeden [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] an oder nach dem SOFR Index 
Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (i) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR Bezugnahmen auf OBFR wären, (ii) 
Bezugnahmen auf U.S. Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage Bezugnahmen auf New York Geschäftstage wären, (iii) 
Bezugnahmen auf ein SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis Bezugnahmen auf ein OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis 
wären und (iv) Bezugnahmen auf einen SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag Bezugnahmen auf einen OBFR Index 
Einstellungsstichtag wären und weiterhin vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz der Berechnungsstelle 
durch die Emittentin innerhalb eines U.S. Staatsanleihen Geschäftstags nach dem SOFR Index 
Einstellungsstichtag als empfohlen mitgeteilt wurde und ein OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, der 
Zinssatz für jeden [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag 
festlegen] an oder nach dem SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (x) Bezugnahmen auf den 
SOFR Bezugnahmen auf die FOMC Target Rate wären, (y) Verweise auf U.S. Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage 
Verweise auf New York Geschäftstage wären und (z) Verweise auf die Bildschirmseite Verweise auf die Website 
der Federal Reserve wären. 
Wobei insofern gilt: 
FOMC Target Rate bezeichnet den kurzfristigen Zinssatz, festgesetzt durch das Federal Open Market 
Committee und veröffentlicht auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder, wenn das Federal 
Open Market Committee keinen einzelnen Referenzzinssatz avisiert, das Mittel des Zielbereichs des 
kurzfristigen Zinssatzes festgesetzt durch das Federal Open Market Committee und veröffentlicht auf der 
Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (berechnet als arithmetisches Mittel zwischen der oberen Grenze 
der Ziel-Bandbreite und der unteren Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite). 
U.S. Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag bezeichnet jeden Tag, ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder einen Tag, für 
den die Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association die ganztägige Schließung der Abteilungen für 
festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit U.S.-Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
OBFR 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jeden 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] die tägliche Overnight Bank Funding Rate hinsichtlich des jenem 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] 
[anderen 
Tag 
festlegen] 
unmittelbar vorangehenden New Yorker Geschäftstags, wie von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York als 
Administrator (oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator) eines solchen Referenzzinssatzes auf der Website der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York gegen 17:00 Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) an einem solchen 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] zur 
Verfügung gestellt wird. 
OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag bezeichnet in Bezug auf das OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis jenen Tag, 
an dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate) die Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder jener Tag, ab dem die Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate nicht mehr verwendet werden kann.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(a) eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der 
OBFR), die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder 
bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin 
eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der OBFR) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR 
nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(c) eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche Stelle der USA, 
welche die Verwendung der OBFR, die auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, 
ohne auf diese begrenzt zu sein, verbietet. 
SOFR-Geschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag, der ein U.S. Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag und kein gesetzlicher 
Feiertag im Bundesstaat New York ist und kein Tag ist, an dem Bankinstitute in diesen Städten per Gesetz oder 
Verordnung zur Schließung befugt oder verpflichtet sind. 
SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag meint in Bezug auf das SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis jenen Tag, ab dem 
die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder jenen Tag, ab dem die Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate nicht mehr verwendet werden darf. 
SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(a) eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate), die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser 
Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur 
Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(c) eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche Stelle der USA, 
welche die Verwendung der Secured Overnight Financing Rate, die auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende 
inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, ohne auf diese begrenzt zu sein, verbietet.] 
[Für €STR einfügen: 
€STR bezeichnet, in Bezug auf einen €STR-Geschäftstag, einen Referenzsatz, der dem täglichen Euro-
Kurzfristsatz für diesen €STR-Geschäftstag entspricht, wie von der Europäischen Zentralbank als Administrator 
dieses Referenzsatzes (oder einem Nachfolge-Administrator dieses Referenzsatzes) auf der Webseite der 
Europäischen Zentralbank, derzeit unter http://www.ecb.europa.eu, zur Verfügung gestellt wird, oder unter einer 
Nachfolge-Webseite, die offiziell von der Europäischen Zentralbank (die EZB-Webseite) festgelegt wird, 
jeweils um oder vor 9:00 Uhr (Mitteleuropäische Zeit) an dem unmittelbar auf diesen €STR-Geschäftstag 
folgenden €STR-Geschäftstag. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll [die Berechnungsstelle] [●], vorbehaltlich, dass sie von der 
Emittentin schriftliche Anweisungen erhält, für den Fall dass die Europäische Zentralbank Leitlinien (i) zur 
Bestimmung von €STR oder (ii) zu einem Satz, der €STR ersetzen soll, veröffentlicht, in einem Umfang, 
der vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, solche Leitlinien beachten, um €STR für die Zwecke der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu bestimmen, so lange wie €STR nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten 
Stellen veröffentlicht worden ist. 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von [der Berechnungsstelle] 
[●] bestimmt 
werden 
kann, 
soll 
der 
Zinssatz 
(i) 
derjenige 
des 
letzten 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsenfestlegungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen vorangegangenen Zinsenfestlegungstag gibt, 
der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche Schuldverschreibungen für die erste Zinsenperiode anwendbar

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
gewesen wäre, wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste 
Zinsenperiode aber endend am Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden. 
Wobei insofern gilt: 
€STR-Geschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag, der ein TARGET Geschäftstag ist.] 
Ersetzung des Referenz-Zinssatzes im Fall eines Einstellungsereignisses. Wenn die Emittentin nach billigen 
Ermessen bestimmt, dass (i) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder Information der zuständigen Behörde des 
Administrators des Referenz-Zinssatz veröffentlicht wurde, wonach der Referenz-Zinssatz nicht mehr 
repräsentativ oder kein branchenüblicher Satz für Schuldtitel wie die Schuldverschreibungen oder vergleichbare 
Instrumente mehr ist, (ii) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder Information veröffentlicht wurde, wonach der 
Administrator des Referenz-Zinssatz mit der geordneten Abwicklung des Referenz-Zinssatz beginnt oder die 
Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des Referenz-Zinssatz endgültig oder auf unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, sofern 
es zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung der Erklärung oder Information keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der 
den Referenz-Zinssatz weiter bereitstellen wird, (iii) der Administrator des Referenz-Zinssatz zahlungsunfähig 
wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) 
durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, (iv) die für den 
Administrator des Referenz-Zinssatz zuständige Behörde die Zulassung gemäß Artikel 35 der Verordnung (EU) 
2016/1011 (die Benchmark-Verordnung) oder die Anerkennung gemäß Artikel 32 Abs. 8 der Benchmark-
Verordnung entzieht oder aussetzt oder die Einstellung der Übernahme gemäß Artikel 33 Abs. 6 der Benchmark-
Verordnung verlangt, sofern zum Zeitpunkt des Entzugs oder der Aussetzung oder der Einstellung der 
Übernahme, es keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der den Referenz-Zinssatz weiterhin bereitstellt, und ihr 
Administrator mit der geordneten Abwicklung des Referenz-Zinssatz beginnt oder die Bereitstellung des 
Referenz-Zinssatz oder bestimmter Laufzeiten oder bestimmter Währungen, für die der Referenz-Zinssatz 
berechnet wird, endgültig oder auf unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, oder (v) der Referenz-Zinssatz anderweitig 
eingestellt ist oder es für die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle aus einem anderen Grund rechtswidrig wird, 
den Referenz-Zinssatz zu verwenden (jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der Referenz-Zinssatz [am][an] 
[jedem] [relevanten Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen 
relevanten Tag/Tage definieren] durch einen von der Emittentin gemäß den folgenden Absätzen in der 
Reihenfolge I)-III) bestimmten oder beschafften Satz ersetzt werden (der Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz):] 
[Falls der Referenz-Zinssatz SONIA® oder SOFR® ist, einfügen: 
Ersetzung des Referenz-Zinssatzes im Fall eines Einstellungsereignisses. Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die 
Berechnungsstelle den Referenz-Zinssatz nicht mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der Administrator des Referenz-
Zinssatz die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des Referenz-Zinssatz dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit 
einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des Referenz-Zinssatz zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, 
Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch 
die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der Referenz-Zinssatz anderweitig eingestellt 
ist (jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der Referenz-Zinssatz durch einen von der Emittentin gemäß den 
folgenden Absätzen in der Reihenfolge I)-III) bestimmten oder beschafften Satz ersetzt werden (der Nachfolge-
Referenzzinssatz):]  
I) 
Der Referenz-Zinssatz soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der durch anwendbare Gesetze oder 
Verordnungen bestimmt oder durch den Administrator des Referenz-Zinssatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank oder 
eine Regulierungs- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge-Zinssatz für den Referenz-Zinssatz bekannt gegeben 
wird und dessen Quelle der Berechnungsstelle zugänglich ist. Die Emittentin wird die Berechnungsstelle 
spätestens 10 Tage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] 
[anderen Tag definieren] und im Anschluss die Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 12 hierüber 
informieren. [Sofern an einem vorangegangenen [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] der Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz ebenfalls in Übereinstimmung mit 
den Regelungen des Absatzes I) bestimmt wurde, finden keine [weiteren] Veröffentlichungspflichten für die 
Emittentin in Verbindung mit dem Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz oder einer Anpassung oder Änderung hierzu 
oder in Bezug auf die Festlegung des [Zinssatzes] [oder] [Zinsenbetrags] [anderen Betrag festlegen] wie unten 
dargestellt Anwendung;]  
II) Ein Unabhängiger Berater wird nach billigem Ermessen einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz bestimmen, der am 
ehesten mit dem Referenz-Zinssatz vergleichbar ist, vorausgesetzt, im Fall dass der Unabhängige Berater 
feststellt, dass es einen branchenweit als am ehesten mit dem Referenz-Zinssatz vergleichbar akzeptierten 
Referenzsatz gibt, er diesen Referenzsatz als Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwenden wird (der Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz) und eine Bildschirmseite bzw. eine Quelle bestimmen wird, die in Verbindung mit dem 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwendet werden soll (die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite). Vorausgesetzt die Nachfolge-
Bildschirmseite ist der Berechnungsstelle zugänglich, gilt jegliche Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite in

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
diesem Dokument ab dem Datum der Festlegung eines Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite und die Regelungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Der Unabhängige Berater 
wird die Emittentin und die Berechnungsstelle spätestens 10 Tage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] über solche Festlegungen 
informieren. Anschließend wird die Emittentin die Gläubiger gemäß § 12 informieren. 
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des Referenz-Zinssatzes durch einen Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz gemäß den 
obigen Regelungen unter I) oder II) kann die Emittentin (nach Treu und Glauben und in wirtschaftlich 
angemessener Weise) (i) einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder eine Spanne (zu addieren oder zu 
subtrahieren) festlegen, der oder die auf den Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel 
ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt des Referenz-Zinssatzes vor Eintritt des 
Einstellungsereignisses im Einklang ist und (ii) weitere Änderungen, die für die Ermittlung des [Zinssatzes und 
die Berechnung des Zinsenbetrags][anderen Satz/ Betrag festlegen] erforderlich sind, angeben, um der 
Marktpraxis in Bezug auf den Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz [(wie der Zinsentagequotient, die Geschäftstage-
Konvention, Geschäftstage, Zinsenfestlegungstage, die Methode zur Berechnung des Zinsbetrages) ] zu 
entsprechen. Anschließend, jedoch nicht weniger als 10 Tage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] wird die Emittentin die Berechnungsstelle 
informieren und wird die Emittentin im Anschluss die Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 12 
informieren (außer im Fall des obigen Absatzes I)).  
III) Sollte die Quelle des Nachfolge-Zinssatzes für den Referenz-Zinssatz, der in Übereinstimmung mit obiger 
Ziffer I) bestimmt wurde, oder die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, die in Übereinstimmung mit obiger Ziffer II) 
festgelegt wurde, der Berechnungsstelle nicht zugänglich sein, oder der Unabhängige Berater keinen Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz spätestens 10 Tage vor dem unmittelbar folgenden [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] ermitteln und der Berechnungsstelle mitteilen 
können, oder im Fall, dass die Emittentin trotz angemessenen Bemühens keinen unabhängigen Berater bestellen 
konnte, oder der Zeitraum zur Bestimmung eines Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatzes gemäß den obigen Regelungen 
nicht ausreichend war, wird die Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen und nicht später als drei Geschäftstage vor 
dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] 
bezüglich 
[der 
nachfolgenden 
Zinsenlaufperiode][anderes 
Ereignis 
/ 
Tag 
definieren] 
(der 
Verfahrensfestsetzungstag) entscheiden: 
[a)] dass der Referenz-Zinssatz der Angebotssatz für den Referenz-Zinssatz ist, der auf der Bildschirmseite, wie 
vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem maßgeblichen [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren], an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden, 
erschienen ist und anschließend die Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 12 informieren[.][; oder 
b) vorzeitig die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig, aber nicht teilweise, durch Mitteilung gemäß § 12 und mit 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 20 Tagen zum [Endgültigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] [Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] (wie nachstehend gemäß § 6 definiert), zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem für diese vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufene Zinsen zurückzuzahlen vorausgesetzt, dass die 
Voraussetzungen für Vorzeitige Rückzahlung und Rückkauf wie in § 6[(8)][(9)][(10)] (Voraussetzungen für 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung und Rückkauf) beschrieben, erfüllt sind.  
In dieser Mitteilung bezüglich der Rückzahlung muss enthalten sein: 
(ii) die Serie der Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Rückzahlung betroffen ist; 
(iii) der für die Rückzahlung bestimmte Tag, welcher der zweite [Kupontermin][Zinsenzahlungstag] nach dem 
Verfahrensfestsetzungstag sein soll; und 
(iv) der [Endgültige][Vorzeitige] Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, gilt als [Zinssatz] 
[Referenz-Zinssatz] ab dem letzten [Kupontermin] [Zinsenzahlungstag][anderen Tag einfügen] vor dem 
Rückzahlungstag bis (ausgenommen) zum Rückzahlungstag der für die unmittelbar vorausgehende 
Zinsenlaufperiode geltende [Zinssatz] [Referenz-Zinssatz].]] 
Unabhängiger Berater bezeichnet ein unabhängiges international anerkanntes Finanzinstitut oder einen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit einschlägiger Expertise, das bzw. der von der Emittentin auf eigene Kosten 
bestellt wird.] 
[Wenn der Referenzwert ein Swapsatz ist einfügen:

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
Referenz-Swapsatz ist der [ [Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres-][Monats-] [relevante Währung 
einfügen][Swapsatz und bedeutet [[●] / Definition und Bildschirmseite einfügen].]  
Sollte am Zinsenanpassungs-Bestimmungstag der [[Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres] [Monats] 
Swapsatz][relevante Währung einfügen] [anderen Swapsatz einfügen] nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt werden, so ist der [[Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres] [Monats] [relevante Währung 
einfügen] Swapsatz][anderen Swapsatz einfügen] der Zinsanpassungs-Referenzbanksatz (wie nachstehend 
definiert) an diesem Zinsenanpassungs-Bestimmungstag. 
Zinsenanpassungs-Referenzbanksatz ist der von der Berechnungsstelle festgestellte Prozentsatz, der auf 
Grundlage der [[Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres][Monats] Swapsatz][anderen Swapsatz 
einfügen] Angebotssätze (wie nachstehend definiert), die von [fünf] [andere Anzahl einfügen] führenden 
[Swap] 
Dealern 
im 
Interbankenmarkt 
(die 
Zinsenanpassungs-Referenzbanken) 
am 
Zinsenanpassungs-Bestimmungstag gegen [Zeit einfügen] Uhr ([Zeitzone einfügen]) der Emittentin bzw. dem 
von ihr benannten Erfüllungsgehilfen auf deren Anfrage gemeldet werden, festgelegt wird. Soweit mindestens 
[drei] [andere Anzahl einfügen] Sätze mitgeteilt wurden, wird der Zinsenanpassungs-Referenzbanksatz auf den 
arithmetischen Mittelwert der Angebotssätze festgelegt, indem der höchste Angebotssatz (oder, im Falle von 
gleicher Höhe, einer der höchsten Angebotssätze) und der niedrigste Angebotssatz (oder, im Falle von gleicher 
Höhe, einer der niedrigsten) nicht berücksichtigt werden. Sofern der Zinsenanpassungs-Referenzbanksatz nicht 
gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes bestimmt werden kann, entspricht der 
Zinsenanpassungs-Referenzbanksatz dem zuletzt auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigten [[Anzahl der 
Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres] Swapsatz][anderen Swapsatz einfügen], wie er von der Berechnungsstelle 
bestimmt wird. 
[[[Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres] [Monats] Swapsatz][anderen Swapsatz einfügen] 
Angebotssatz bedeutet den arithmetischen Mittelwert von Kauf- und Verkaufssätzen für den Festzinssatz (auf 
Basis eines [Zinstagequotienten einfügen] Zinstagequotienten berechnet) für einen [Referenz-swap einfügen], 
der (i) eine [Anzahl der [Jahre][Monate] einfügen] Laufzeit hat, beginnend mit dem Zinsenanpassungstag, 
(ii) ein Betrag ist, der ein repräsentativer Wert für eine einzelne Transaktion im relevanten Markt zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt mit einem anerkannten Dealer mit guter Bonität auf dem Swapmarkt ist und (iii) einen variablen 
Zinssatz auf Basis des [Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (auf Basis eines [Zinstagequotienten einfügen] 
Zinstagequotienten berechnet) hat.] 
[ggf. andere Definitionen für Angebotssatz einfügen] 
Ersetzung eines [Referenz-Swapsatzes] [anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] im Fall eines Einstellungsereignisses. 
Wenn die Emittentin nach billigen Ermessen bestimmt, dass (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den 
[Referenz-Swapsatz] [anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] nicht mehr verwenden darf, oder (ii) der Administrator 
des [Referenz-Swapsatz] [anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des 
[Referenz-Swapsatz] [anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, oder 
(iii) der Administrator des [Referenz-Swapsatz] [anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] zahlungsunfähig wird oder 
ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den 
Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Regulierungsbehörde eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der [Referenz-
Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] anderweitig eingestellt ist oder auf andere Weise nicht mehr zur 
Verfügung gestellt wird ((i) bis (iv) jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der [Referenz-Swapsatz] [anderen 
Angebotssatz einfügen] [am] [an] [jedem] [relevanten Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen relevanten Tag/Tage definieren] durch einen von der Emittentin gemäß den 
folgenden Absätzen in der Reihenfolge I)-III) bestimmten oder beschafften Satz ersetzt werden (Nachfolge-
Angebotssatz):

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
I) 
Der [Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der 
durch anwendbare Gesetze oder Verordnungen bestimmt oder durch den Administrator des [Referenz-
Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen], die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Regulierungs- oder 
Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge-Zinssatz für den [Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] 
bekannt gegeben wird und dessen Quelle der Berechnungsstelle zugänglich ist. Die Emittentin wird die 
Berechnungsstelle spätestens 10 Tage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] und im Anschluss die Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 12 hierüber informieren. [Sofern an einem vorangegangenen [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] der Nachfolge-Angebotssatz ebenfalls in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regelungen des Absatzes I) bestimmt wurde, finden keine [weiteren] 
Veröffentlichungspflichten für die Emittentin in Verbindung mit dem Nachfolge-Angebotssatz oder einer 
Anpassung oder Änderung hierzu oder in Bezug auf die Festlegung des [Zinssatzes] [oder] 
[Zinsenbetrags][anderen Betrag festlegen] wie unten dargestellt Anwendung;]  
II) Ein Unabhängiger Berater wird nach billigem Ermessen einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz bestimmen, der am 
ehesten mit dem [Referenz-Swapsatz] [anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] vergleichbar ist, vorausgesetzt, im Fall 
dass der Unabhängige Berater feststellt, dass es einen branchenweit als am ehesten mit dem [Referenz-
Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] vergleichbar akzeptierten Referenzsatz gibt, er diesen Referenzsatz 
als Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwenden wird (der Nachfolge-Referenzsatz) und eine Bildschirmseite bzw. eine 
Quelle bestimmen wird, die in Verbindung mit dem Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwendet werden soll (die 
Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite). Vorausgesetzt die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite ist der Berechnungsstelle 
zugänglich, gilt jegliche Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite in diesem Dokument ab dem Datum der Festlegung 
eines Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite und die Regelungen dieses 
Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Der Unabhängige Berater wird die Emittentin und die Berechnungsstelle 
spätestens 10 Tage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] 
[anderen Tag definieren] über solche Festlegungen informieren. Anschließend wird die Emittentin die 
Gläubiger gemäß § 12 informieren. 
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des [Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] durch einen 
Nachfolge-Angebotssatz gemäß den obigen Regelungen unter I) oder II) kann die Emittentin (nach Treu und 
Glauben und in wirtschaftlich angemessener Weise) (i) einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder eine Spanne 
(zu addieren oder zu subtrahieren) festlegen, der oder die auf den Nachfolge-Angebotssatz angewendet werden 
soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt des [Referenz-Swapsatz] 
[anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] vor Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses im Einklang ist und (ii) weitere 
Änderungen, die für die Ermittlung des [Zinssatzes und die Berechnung des Zinsenbetrags] [anderen Satz/ 
Betrag festlegen] erforderlich sind, angeben, um der Marktpraxis in Bezug auf den Nachfolge-Angebotssatz 
[(wie der Zinsentagequotient, die Geschäftstage-Konvention, Geschäftstage, Zinsenfestlegungstage, die 
Methode zur Berechnung des Zinsbetrages) ] zu entsprechen. Anschließend, jedoch nicht weniger als 10 Tage 
vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] 
wird die Emittentin die Berechnungsstelle informieren und wird die Emittentin im Anschluss die Gläubiger der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 12 informieren (außer im Fall des obigen Absatzes I)).  
III) Sollte die Quelle des Nachfolge-Zinssatzes für den [Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen], 
der in Übereinstimmung mit obiger Ziffer I) bestimmt wurde, oder die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, die in 
Übereinstimmung mit obiger Ziffer II) festgelegt wurde, der Berechnungsstelle nicht zugänglich sein, oder der 
Unabhängige Berater keinen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz spätestens 10 Tage vor dem unmittelbar folgenden 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] ermitteln 
und der Berechnungsstelle mitteilen können, oder im Fall, dass die Emittentin trotz angemessenen Bemühens 
keinen unabhängigen Berater bestellen konnte, oder der Zeitraum zur Bestimmung eines Nachfolge-
Angebotssatz gemäß den obigen Regelungen nicht ausreichend war, wird die Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen 
und nicht später als drei Geschäftstage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] bezüglich [der nachfolgenden Zinsenlaufperiode][anderes 
Ereignis / Tag definieren] (der Verfahrensfestsetzungstag) entscheiden: 
[a)] dass der [Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen] jener [Referenz-Swapsatz] [anderen 
Angebotssatz einfügen] ist, der auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem maßgeblichen [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag 
definieren], an dem diese Sätze angezeigt wurden, erschienen ist und anschließend die Gläubiger der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 12 informieren[.][; oder 
b) vorzeitig die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig, aber nicht teilweise, durch Mitteilung gemäß § 12 und mit 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 20 Tagen zum Endgültigen Rückzahlungsbetrag Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend gemäß § 6 definiert), zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem für diese vorzeitige

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufene Zinsen zurückzuzahlen, vorausgesetzt, dass die 
Voraussetzungen für Vorzeitige Rückzahlung und Rückkauf wie in § 6[(8)][(9)][(10)] (Voraussetzungen für 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung und Rückkauf) beschrieben, erfüllt sind.  
In dieser Mitteilung bezüglich der Rückzahlung muss enthalten sein: 
(i) die Serie der Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Rückzahlung betroffen ist; 
(ii) der für die Rückzahlung bestimmte Tag, welcher der zweite [Kupontermin] [Zinsenzahlungstag] nach dem 
Verfahrensfestsetzungstag sein soll; und 
(iii) der [Endgültige][Vorzeitige] Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, gilt als 
[Zinssatz][[Referenz-Swapsatz][anderen 
Angebotssatz 
einfügen]] 
ab 
dem 
letzten 
[Kupontermin] 
[Zinsenzahlungstag][anderen Tag einfügen] vor dem Rückzahlungstag bis (ausgenommen) zum 
Rückzahlungstag der für die unmittelbar vorausgehende Zinsenlaufperiode geltende [Zinssatz][[Referenz-
Swapsatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen]].]] 
Unabhängiger Berater bezeichnet ein unabhängiges international anerkanntes Finanzinstitut oder einen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit einschlägiger Expertise, das bzw. der von der Emittentin auf eigene Kosten 
bestellt wird.] 
[Wenn der Referenzwert ein CMS-Satz ist einfügen: 
Referenz-CMS-Satz (CMS) ist der [Anzahl der Monate einfügen] Swapsatz bezüglich [maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] denominierten Swap Transaktionen mit [der][den] Laufzeit[en] von [maßgebliche 
Laufzeit[en] einfügen], der auf der Bildschirmseite [[●]] am [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] unter der Bildüberschrift [und in der Spalte] 
[maßgebliche Bildschirmüberschrift [und Spalte] einfügen] gegen [11:00 Uhr] [maßgebliche Zeit einfügen] 
([relevante Zeitzone einfügen]) angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
Hat – außer im Falle eines Einstellungsereignisses (wie nachstehend definiert) - die Bildschirmseite dauerhaft 
aufgehört, den jeweiligen [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS anzugeben, ist diese Quotierung jedoch auf 
einer anderen von der Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen ausgewählten Bildschirmseite verfügbar (die 
Ersatzbildschirmseite) und der Berechnungsstelle mitgeteilt worden, wird die Ersatzbildschirmseite zum 
Zweck der [Zinssatzberechnung][anderen Berechnungsgrund festlegen] eingesetzt. 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird der jeweils maßgebliche 
[maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS nicht angezeigt (in jedem dieser Fälle zu der genannten Zeit) und ist 
nach Bestätigung der Emittentin keine Ersatzbildschirmseite verfügbar, wird die Emittentin von den 
Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) das arithmetische Mittel der Geld- und Briefkurse für die einjährige 
festverzinsliche Seite eines [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] Zinsswaps für die maßgebliche Laufzeit in einer 
Höhe, die repräsentativ für eine einzelne Swap Transaktion im Markt für Swaps ist (jeweils als Prozentsatz per 
annum ausgedrückt) gegenüber einem anerkannten Händler in Swaps im Markt für Swaps um ca. [11.00 Uhr] 
[maßgebliche Uhrzeit einfügen] ([relevante Zeitzone einfügen]) am [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] anfordern und der Berechnungsstelle mitteilen. 
Falls drei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Quotierungen nennen, ist der [maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] CMS [für die betreffende Zinsenlaufperiode] das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, 
auf- oder abgerundet) dieser Quotierungen, wobei die höchste bzw. eine der höchsten Quotierungen bei 
identischen Quotierungen und die niedrigste Quotierung bzw. eine der niedrigsten Quotierungen bei identischen 
Quotierungen nicht mitgezählt werden, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
Falls nur zwei oder weniger Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Quotierung nennen, so ist der 
[maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [für diese Zinsenlaufperiode] der Satz, wie er auf der Bildschirmseite 
an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
[jeweiligen 
Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen], an dem dieser Satz noch angezeigt wurde, angezeigt worden ist. 
Referenzbanken bezeichnet diejenigen Niederlassungen von [fünf] [maßgebliche Anzahl einfügen] führenden 
Swap-Händlern im Interbanken-Markt.] 
Ersetzung des [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS im Fall eines Einstellungsereignisses. Wenn die 
Emittentin nach billigen Ermessen bestimmt, dass (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den 
[maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS nicht mehr verwenden darf, oder (ii) der Administrator des

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
[maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des [maßgebliche Währung 
einfügen] CMS dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, oder (iii) der Administrator des [maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] CMS zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder 
ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder 
Regulierungsbehörde eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS anderweitig 
eingestellt ist oder auf andere Weise nicht mehr zur Verfügung gestellt wird ((i) bis (iv) jeweils ein 
Einstellungsereignis), soll der [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [am/an jedem relevanten Zinsen-
festlegungstag] [am/an [jedem] Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [am /an jedem Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag 
definieren] durch einen von der Emittentin gemäß den folgenden Absätzen in der Reihenfolge I)-III) bestimmten 
oder beschafften Satz ersetzt werden (der Nachfolge-CMS): 
I) 
Der [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der durch 
anwendbare Gesetze oder Verordnungen bestimmt oder durch den Administrator des [maßgebliche Währung 
einfügen] CMS, die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Regulierungs- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge-Satz 
für den [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS bekannt gegeben wird und dessen Quelle der 
Berechnungsstelle zugänglich ist. Die Emittentin wird die Berechnungsstelle spätestens 10 Tage vor dem 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] und im 
Anschluss die Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 12 hierüber informieren. [Sofern an einem 
vorangegangenen [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag [anderen Tag 
festlegen] der Nachfolge-CMS ebenfalls in Übereinstimmung mit den Regelungen des Absatzes I) bestimmt 
wurde, finden keine [weiteren] Veröffentlichungspflichten für die Emittentin in Verbindung mit dem Nachfolge-
CMS oder einer Anpassung oder Änderung hierzu oder in Bezug auf die Festlegung des Zinssatzes oder des 
Zinsenbetrags wie unten dargestellt Anwendung;]  
II) Ein Unabhängiger Berater wird nach billigem Ermessen einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz bestimmen, der am 
ehesten mit dem [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS vergleichbar ist, vorausgesetzt, im Fall dass der 
Unabhängige Berater feststellt, dass es einen branchenweit als am ehesten mit dem [maßgebliche Währung 
einfügen] CMS vergleichbar akzeptierten Referenzsatz gibt, er diesen Referenzsatz als Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
verwenden wird (der Nachfolge-Referenzsatz) und eine Bildschirmseite bzw. eine Quelle bestimmen wird, die 
in Verbindung mit dem Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwendet werden soll (die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite). 
Vorausgesetzt die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite ist der Berechnungsstelle zugänglich, gilt jegliche Bezugnahme 
auf die Bildschirmseite in diesem Dokument ab dem Datum der Festlegung eines Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite und die Regelungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Der 
Unabhängige Berater wird die Emittentin und die Berechnungsstelle spätestens 10 Tage vor dem 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] über 
solche Festlegungen informieren. Anschließend wird die Emittentin die Gläubiger gemäß § 12 informieren. 
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS durch einen Nachfolge-CMS gemäß 
den obigen Regelungen unter I) oder II) kann die Emittentin (nach Treu und Glauben und in wirtschaftlich 
angemessener Weise) (i) einen Anpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder eine Spanne (zu addieren oder zu 
subtrahieren) festlegen, der oder die auf den Nachfolge-CMS angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis 
zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt des [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS vor Eintritt des 
Einstellungsereignisses im Einklang ist und (ii) weitere Änderungen, die für die Ermittlung des [Zinssatzes und 
die Berechnung des Zinsenbetrags] [anderen Satz/ Betrag festlegen] erforderlich sind, angeben, um der 
Marktpraxis in Bezug auf den Nachfolge-CMS [(wie der Zinsentagequotient, die Geschäftstage-Konvention, 
Geschäftstage, Zinsenfestlegungstage, die Methode zur Berechnung des Zinsenbetrages)] zu entsprechen. 
Anschließend, jedoch spätestens 10 Tage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] wird die Emittentin die Berechnungsstelle informieren und wird 
die Emittentin im Anschluss die Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 12 informieren (außer im Fall 
des obigen Absatzes I)).

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
III) Sollte die Quelle des Nachfolge-Zinssatzes für den [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS, der in 
Übereinstimmung mit obiger Ziffer I) bestimmt wurde, oder die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, die in 
Übereinstimmung mit obiger Ziffer II) festgelegt wurde, der Berechnungsstelle nicht zugänglich sein, oder der 
Unabhängige Berater keinen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz spätestens 10 Tage vor dem unmittelbar folgenden 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] ermitteln 
und der Berechnungsstelle mitteilen können, oder im Fall, dass die Emittentin trotz angemessenen Bemühens 
keinen unabhängigen Berater bestellen konnte, oder der Zeitraum zur Bestimmung eines Nachfolge-CMS gemäß 
den obigen Regelungen nicht ausreichend war, wird die Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen und nicht später als 
drei Geschäftstage vor dem [Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] 
[anderen Tag festlegen] bezüglich [der nachfolgenden Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderes Ereignis/Tag festlegen] 
(der Verfahrensfestsetzungstag) entscheiden: 
[a)] dass der [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS jener [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS ist, der 
auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem maßgeblichen 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen], an dem 
diese Sätze angezeigt wurden, erschienen ist und anschließend die Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß 
§ 12 informieren[.][; oder 
b) vorzeitig die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig, aber nicht teilweise, durch Mitteilung gemäß § 12 und mit 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 20 Tagen zum [Endgültigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] [Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] (wie nachstehend gemäß § 6 definiert), zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem für diese vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufene Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.  
In dieser Mitteilung bezüglich der Rückzahlung muss enthalten sein: 
(iv) die Serie der Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Rückzahlung betroffen ist; 
(v) der für die Rückzahlung bestimmte Tag, welcher der zweite [Kupontermin] [Zinsenzahlungstag] nach dem 
Verfahrensfestsetzungstag sein soll; und 
(vi) der [Endgültige][Vorzeitige] [Rückzahlungsbetrag]. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, gilt als 
[Zinssatz][Referenz-Zinssatz] ab dem letzten [Kupontermin][Zinsenzahlungstag][anderen Tag einfügen] vor 
dem Rückzahlungstag bis (ausgenommen) zum Rückzahlungstag der für die unmittelbar vorausgehende 
Zinsenlaufperiode geltende [Zinssatz] [Referenz-Zinssatz.]] 
Unabhängiger Berater bezeichnet ein unabhängiges international anerkanntes Finanzinstitut oder einen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit einschlägiger Expertise, das bzw. der von der Emittentin auf eigene Kosten 
bestellt wird.] 
[TARGET-Geschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem das Real-time Gross Settlement System des 
Eurosystems oder dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem (T2) (TARGET) betriebsbereit ist.] 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag bezeichnet den [[zweiten] [zutreffende andere Zahl von Tagen einfügen] [TARGET] 
[,][und][sämtliche relevante Finanzzentren einfügen] Geschäftstag vor [Beginn] [Ende] der jeweiligen 
Zinsenlaufperiode.] 
[ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsenlaufperiode.]] 
[[●] Geschäftstag vor [dem Ende][dem Kupontag] der entsprechenden Zinsenlaufperiode.] 
Zinsenlaufperiode bezeichnet den Zeitraum, für welchen Zinsen berechnet und bezahlt werden. 
 
 
§ 2 
(Währung, Stückelung, Emissionstag(e), Verbriefung, Verwahrung) 
 
Währung – Stückelung - Emissionstag[e]. Diese Serie [Nummer der Serie und Bezeichnung einfügen], 
[Tranche einfügen] von Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungen) der Raiffeisenbank a.s. (die 
Emittentin) wird [am [Emissionstag einfügen] (Emissionstag)] [ab dem [Erst-Emissionstag einfügen] 
(Erst-Emissionstag)] mit offener Begebungsfrist (Daueremission)] in [Festgelegte Währung einfügen] (die 
Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag von [bis zu] [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (in Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten einfügen]) in der Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (die 
Festgelegte Stückelung) begeben.

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
Verbriefung.  
 Inhaberschuldverschreibungen. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetagverbrieft sind, 
einfügen: 
 Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobalurkunde oder die Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist von der [Hauptzahlstelle] 
[Emissionsstelle] oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, die 
gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht werden soll, einfügen: 
 Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch – Dauerglobalurkunde. 
(i) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen 
in der Festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die Dauerglobalurkunde, und zusammen 
mit der vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die Globalurkunden und jeweils eine Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften von zwei ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigten Vertretern der Emittentin und sind jeweils von der 
[Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(ii) Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag (der Austauschtag) gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde 
ausgetauscht, der nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Der 
Austauschtag für einen solchen Austausch soll nicht weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
Vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegen. Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, 
wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte 
Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinsenzahlungen auf durch eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher 
Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinsenzahlung 
erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese Vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß 
Absatz (b) dieses § 2 Absatz (2) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieses Absatzes 
bezeichnet Vereinigte Staaten die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und 
des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands).] 
 
Verwahrung – Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde wird solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearing Systems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt sind. 
[Im Fall, dass die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, einfügen:  
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note (CGN) ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[Im Fall, dass die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen:  
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note (NGN) ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle (Common Safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den 
Büchern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden 
über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu diesen Zwecken von 
einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD.

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder Zinsenzahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, Zinsenzahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in die Bücher der ICSDs eingetragen und nach dieser 
Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. [Falls die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund eines 
optionalen Kündigungsrechts teilweise zurückgezahlt werden können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren 
der ICSDs im Fall der optionalen Rückzahlung hinsichtlich einer teilweisen Rückzahlung wird der ausstehende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) entweder als Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor 
nach billigem Ermessen der ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.] 
Die Emittentin darf ohne Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst werden, mit ihnen 
eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen erhöhen. Der Begriff 
Schuldverschreibungen umfasst im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung auch solche zusätzlich begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
§ 3 
(Status)  
 
Status [Berücksichtigungsfähige Schuldverschreibungen]. Die Schuldverschreibungen sollen Instrumente 
Berücksichtigungsfähiger Verbindlichkeiten begründen (wie nachstehend definiert). 
[Im Fall von Gewöhnlichen Nicht Nachrangigen Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen, 
einfügen: 
Gewöhnliche Nicht Nachrangige Berücksichtigungsfähige Schuldverschreibungen: Die Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen direkte, nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin. Im Fall der 
Erklärung der Insolvenz (vydání rozhodnutí o úpadku) der Emittentin sind Ansprüche aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen (einschließlich Ansprüche auf den Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen und 
Zinsen), vorbehaltlich etwaiger anwendbarer gesetzlicher Ausnahmen im Rang:  
 pari passu: (i) untereinander; und (ii) mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen aus 
unbesicherten und nicht nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verpflichtungen der Emittentin (mit Ausnahme von 
Forderungen aus nicht-bevorrechtigten nicht nachrangigen Instrumenten der Emittentin gemäß § 374b der 
tschechischen Insolvenzordnung und allen anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Instrumenten oder 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, welche entsprechend der jeweiligen Bedingungen im Rang nachrangig zu den 
Schuldverschreibungen sind); und 
 vorrangig zu allen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Ansprüche aus: (i) nicht-bevorrechtigten nicht 
nachrangigen Instrumenten der Emittentin gemäß § 374b der tschechischen Insolvenzordnung; (ii) allen anderen 
unbesicherten und nicht nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verpflichtungen der Emittentin, die in 
Übereinstimmung mit ihren Bedingungen im Rang nachrangig zu den Schuldverschreibungen sind; (iii) 
Instrumenten des Ergänzungskapitals (Tier 2) der Emittentin gemäß Artikel 63 CRR; (iv) Instrumenten des 
zusätzlichen Kernkapitals (Additional Tier 1) der Emittentin gemäß Artikel 52 CRR; (v) allen anderen 
nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verpflichtungen der Emittentin; und (vi) Stammaktien und anderen 
Instrumenten des harten Kernkapitals (Common Equity Tier 1) der Emittentin gemäß Artikel 28 CRR.]  
[Im Fall von Nicht Bevorrechtigten Nicht Nachrangigen Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
Nicht 
Bevorrechtigte 
Nicht 
Nachrangige 
Berücksichtigungsfähige 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, unbesicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, jedoch mit der Maßgabe, dass sie nicht bevorrechtigte nichtnachrangige (non-preferred senior) 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus Schuldtiteln sind, die die Voraussetzungen für Schuldtitel gemäß § 374b(1) 
des Tschechischen Insolvenzgesetzes erfüllen. 
Im Fall der Erklärung der Insolvenz (vydání rozhodnutí o úpadku) der Emittentin sind alle Ansprüche 
(einschließlich auf den Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen und Zinsen), vorbehaltlich etwaiger 
anwendbarer gesetzlicher Ausnahmen: 
 nachrangig gegenüber allen anderen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen aus unbesicherten und 
nicht nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die keine nicht-bevorrechtigten nicht 
nachrangigen Ansprüche gegen die Emittentin gemäß § 374b des Tschechischen Insolvenzgesetzes darstellen;

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 gleichrangig: (i) untereinander; und (ii) mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen aus 
nicht-bevorrechtigten nicht-nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die nicht-
bevorrechtigte nicht nachrangige Ansprüche gemäß § 374b des Tschechischen Insolvenzgesetzes darstellen 
(ausgenommen nicht nachrangige Instrumente oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die entsprechend der 
jeweiligen Bedingungen vorrangig oder nachrangig gegenüber den Schuldverschreibungen sind oder diesen 
gegenüber als nachrangig bezeichnet werden); und 
 vorrangig gegenüber allen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen aus: (i) anderen unbesicherten und 
nicht nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verpflichtungen der Emittentin, die in Übereinstimmung mit ihren 
Bedingungen im Rang nachrangig zu den Schuldverschreibungen stehen; (ii) Instrumenten des 
Ergänzungskapitals (Tier 2) gemäß Artikel 63 CRR der Emittentin; (iii) Instrumenten des zusätzlichen 
Kernkapitals (Additional Tier 1) gemäß Artikel 52 CRR der Emittentin; (iv) allen anderen nachrangigen 
Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und (v) Stammaktien und anderen Instrumenten des harten 
Kernkapitals (Common Equity Tier 1) gemäß Artikel 28 CRR der Emittentin.] 
[(c)][(d)] Zur Klarstellung: Ansprüche aus den Schuldverschreibungen werden in der in §3(1) beschriebenen 
Rangfolge 
befriedigt, 
unabhängig 
davon, 
ob 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
Instrumente 
Berücksichtigungsfähiger Verbindlichkeiten qualifiziert werden. 
Wobei: 
CRR bezeichnet die Verordnung (EU) Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
26. Juni 2013 über Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und Wertpapierfirmen und zur Änderung der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation – CRR) in der jeweils geltenden oder 
ersetzten Fassung, und Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf die maßgeblichen Artikel der CRR 
beinhalten Bezugnahmen auf jede anwendbare Bestimmung, die diese Artikel jeweils ändert oder ersetzt. 
Instrumente Berücksichtigungsfähiger Verbindlichkeiten bezeichnet alle (direkt begebenen) Schuldtitel der 
Emittentin, die zu Instrumenten berücksichtigungsfähiger Verbindlichkeiten gemäß Artikel 72b CRR oder 
[§ 135][§ 128] des Tschechischen Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetzes zählen, die in dem Mindestbetrag an 
Eigenmitteln und berücksichtigungsfähigen Verbindlichkeiten (minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities – MREL) der Emittentin gemäß des tschechischen Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetzes enthalten 
sind, einschließlich aller Schuldtitel, die aufgrund von Übergangsbestimmungen zu den Posten 
berücksichtigungsfähiger 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
CRR 
oder 
des 
tschechischen 
Sanierungs- 
und 
Abwicklungsgesetzes zählen. 
Tschechisches Insolvenzgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz No. 182/2006 Coll. über die Insolvenz und 
die Art und Weise der Abwicklung (Insolvenzgesetz) in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, und alle Verweise in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf einschlägige Bestimmungen des tschechischen Insolvenzgesetzes schließen 
Verweise auf alle anwendbaren gesetzlichen Bestimmungen ein, die diese Bestimmungen von Zeit zu Zeit ändern 
oder ersetzen.  
Tschechisches Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz No. 374/2015 Coll. 
über die Sanierung und Abwicklung im Finanzmarkt in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung, und alle Verweise in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf einschlägige Bestimmungen des tschechischen Sanierungs- und 
Abwicklungsgesetzes schließen Verweise auf alle anwendbaren gesetzlichen Bestimmungen ein, die diese 
Bestimmungen von Zeit zu Zeit ändern oder ersetzen.  
 Kein(e) Aufrechnung/Netting; Keine Sicherheiten/Garantien; Keine Verbesserung des Ranges. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterliegen 
keinen 
Aufrechnungs- 
oder 
Nettingvereinbarungen, 
die 
deren 
Verlustabsorptionsfähigkeit bei der Abwicklung beeinträchtigen würden. Forderungen der Emittentin dürfen 
nicht mit Zahlungen, die von der Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu leisten sind, verrechnet 
werden (was alle Rechte aus dem Close-out-Netting einschließt). 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht besichert oder Gegenstand einer Garantie oder einer anderen Regelung, 
die den Ansprüchen der Forderungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen einen höheren Rang verleiht. Weder die 
Emittentin noch Dritte leisten vertragliche Sicherheiten zur Sicherung der Ansprüche aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 Möglichkeit von gesetzlichen Abwicklungsmaßnahmen. Vor einer Insolvenz oder Liquidation der Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
gemäß 
den 
anwendbaren 
Bankenabwicklungsbestimmungen 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gemäß den Schuldverschreibungen (bis auf null) herabschreiben, sie in Anteile 
oder andere Eigentumstitel der Emittentin umwandeln, jeweils insgesamt oder teilweise, oder andere 
Abwicklungsinstrumente oder -maßnahmen anwenden, einschließlich (aber nicht beschränkt auf) eines

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
Aufschubs oder einer Übertragung der Verbindlichkeiten auf ein anderes Unternehmen, einer Änderung der 
Emissionsbedingungen oder einer Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen. Das Recht jedes Inhabers auf eine 
Entschädigung gemäß § 177 des tschechischen Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetzes, das Artikel 75 BRRD 
umsetzt, ist von diesem § 3(3) nicht beeinträchtigt. 
Wobei: 
Abwicklungsbehörde bezeichnet die Abwicklungsbehörde gemäß Artikel 4(1)(130) CRR, die für eine 
Sanierung oder Abwicklung der Emittentin auf Einzel- und/oder konsolidierter Ebene verantwortlich ist. 
BRRD bezeichnet die Richtlinie 2014/59/EU des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 15. Mai 2014 zur 
Festlegung eines Rahmens für die Sanierung und Abwicklung von Kreditinstituten und Wertpapierfirmen und 
zur Änderung der Richtlinie 82/891/EWG des Rates, der Richtlinien 2001/24/EG, 2002/47/EG, 2004/25/EG, 
2005/56/EG, 2007/36/EG, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU und 2013/36/EU sowie der Verordnungen (EU) Nr. 
1093/2010 und (EU) Nr. 648/2012 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates, in der jeweilis gültigen Fassung 
und alle Verweise in diesen Bedingungen auf relevante Bestimmungen der BRRD schließen Verweise auf 
geltende Gesetzesbestimmungen ein, die solche Bestimmungen von Zeit zu Zeit ändern oder ersetzen. 
(5) Im Falle der Insolvenz der Emittentin werden die Ansprüche aus den Schuldverschreibungen, die im Rahmen 
dieses Schuldverschreibungsprogramms der Emittentin ausgegeben werden entsprechend ihrem in den 
jeweiligen Bedingungen festgelegten Status in der folgenden gegenseitigen Rangfolge befriedigt (in absteigender 
Reihenfolge der bevorzugt erfüllten Verpflichtungen): 
(a) Ansprüche aus Gewöhnlichen Nicht Nachrangig Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen; 
(b) Ansprüche 
aus 
Nicht 
Bevorrechtigten 
Nicht 
Nachrangigen 
Berücksichtungsfähigen 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(c) Ansprüche aus Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen. 
Werden gesetzliche Abwicklungsmaßnahmen, die in einer Abschreibung oder Umwandlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehen, 
ausgeübt, 
werden 
die 
Ansprüche, 
die 
mit 
den 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen verbunden sind, abgeschrieben oder in umgekehrter Rangfolge befriedigt, in welche 
diese Forderungen im Falle der Insolvenz des Emittenten befriedigt werden. 
§ 4 
(Zinsen) 
[Im Fall von Festzins-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
Zinssatz, Zinsenlaufperiode[n]. 
 Die Schuldverschreibungen werden ab dem [Datum einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) 
während der Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein bezogen auf ihren 
Nennbetrag bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [letzten] Kupontermin] [im 
Fall einer Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Rückzahlungstag (wie in (1) definiert)] 
(ausschließlich) verzinst. 
[Eine][Die] Zinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall 
keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Zinsenzahlungstag] [Rückzahlungstag] (ausschließlich) [und danach von 
jedem [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung 
der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Zinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden bzw. letzten Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Zinsenzahlungstag bzw. Rückzahlungstag] (jeweils 
ausschließlich)]. 
Die Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt] [unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
 Der Zinssatz beträgt [Zinssatz einfügen]% [p.a.] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen]. 
 
Kupontermin[e], Zinsenzahlungstag[e]. Die Zinsen sind [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] 
nachträglich zahlbar. [Kupontermine sind [jeweils] am [Kupontermin(e) einfügen] eines jeden Jahres (jeweils 
ein Kupontermin) und bleiben immer unangepasst.] [Kupontermin ist am [Kupontermin einfügen] (der 
Kupontermin) und dieser bleibt unangepasst.]

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
[Der erste Kupontermin ist der [ersten Kupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Kupontermin ist der [letzten 
Kupontermin einfügen].] 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind [am] [an jedem] Zinsenzahlungstag zahlbar.  
Zinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Zinsen tatsächlich fällig und zahlbar sind. 
Dieser kann mit dem Kupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte der Kupontermin auf einen Tag 
fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der zur Anwendung kommenden Anpassungsregel, wie in § 
5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den entsprechenden Geschäftstag. 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Zinsenlaufperiode ist [verkürzt] 
[verlängert]; [Erster Kupontermin ist: [●] [Letzter Kupontermin ist: [●].] 
 
Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem 
Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des Zinsentagequotienten (wie unten 
definiert).] 
[Im Fall von Step-Up/Step-Down Stufenzins-Schuldverschreibungen mit festen Zinssätzen einfügen:  
 
Zinssatz, Zinsenlaufperioden. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] 
im Nachhinein bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) 
(einschließlich) verzinst und zwar,  
- 
während der ersten [ggf. Zahl einfügen] Zinsenlaufperiode[n], [letzter diesbezüglicher Kupontermin 
ist der [Datum einfügen]] [letzter diesbezüglicher Zinsenzahlungstag ist im [Monat/Jahr einfügen]], 
mit einem Zinssatz von [Zinssatz einfügen] % [p.a.] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen] [[und][,] 
- 
[Bestimmungen für weitere Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: 
[●]] 
- 
während der [letzten] [ggf. Zahl einfügen] Zinsenlaufperiode[n], [letzter diesbezüglicher Kupontermin 
ist der [Datum einfügen]] [letzter diesbezüglicher Zinsenzahlungstag im [Monat/Jahr einfügen]], mit 
einem Zinssatz von [Zinssatz einfügen] % [p.a.] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen]. 
Eine Zinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei jeweils vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner 
Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: ersten Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: ersten Zinsenzahlungstag] (ausschließlich) und danach von jedem [im Fall 
keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Zinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden bzw. letzten Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Zinsenzahlungstag bzw. Rückzahlungstag] (jeweils 
ausschließlich). 
Die Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt][unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
 
Kupontermine, Zinsenzahlungstage. Die Zinsen sind [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] nachträglich 
zahlbar. Kupontermine sind [jeweils] am [Kupontermin(e) einfügen] eines jeden Jahres (jeweils ein 
Kupontermin) und bleiben immer unangepasst.  
Der erste Kupontermin ist der [ersten Kupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Kupontermin ist der [letzten 
Kupontermin einfügen]. 
Die Zahlung der Zinsen erfolgt am jeweiligen Zinsenzahlungstag.  
Zinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Zinsen tatsächlich fällig und zahlbar sind. 
Dieser kann mit dem Kupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte der Kupontermin auf einen Tag 
fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der zur Anwendung kommenden Anpassungsregel, wie in § 
5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den entsprechenden Geschäftstag.  
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Zinsenlaufperiode ist [verkürzt] 
[verlängert]; [Erster Kupontermin ist: [ersten Kupontermin einfügen][Letzter Kupontermin ist: [letzten 
Kupontermin einfügen].]

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem 
Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des Zinsentagequotienten (wie unten 
definiert).] 
[Im Fall von Festzins-Schuldverschreibungen mit Kuponreset einfügen: 
 Zinssatz, Zinsenlaufperiode[n]. 
 Die Schuldverschreibungen werden ab dem [Datum einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) 
während der Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein bezogen auf ihren 
Nennbetrag bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [letzten] Kupontermin] [im 
Fall einer Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Rückzahlungstag (wie in § 6(1) definiert)] 
(ausschließlich) verzinst. 
[Eine][Die] Zinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall 
keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Zinsenzahlungstag] [Rückzahlungstag] (ausschließlich) [und danach von 
jedem [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Zinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden bzw. letzten Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinsenzahlungstag 
bzw. 
Rückzahlungstag] 
(jeweils 
ausschließlich)]. 
Die Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt][unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
 Der Zinssatz beträgt im Hinblick auf jede Zinsenlaufperiode bis zu dem Kündigungstermin (ausschließlich) 
[Zinssatz einfügen]% [p.a.][anderen Zeitraum einfügen] und im Hinblick auf jede Zinsenlaufperiode ab dem 
Kündigungstermin (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstermin (ausschließlich) den Zinssatz pro Jahr, der der 
Summe entspricht aus (i) dem [Referenz-Swapsatz einfügen], der auf der Bildschirmseite am [Beobachtungstag] 
angezeigt wird und (ii) [Reset-Festzinssatz einfügen]%. 
 Kupontermin[e], Zinsenzahlungstag[e]. Die Zinsen sind [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] 
nachträglich zahlbar. [Kupontermine sind [jeweils] am [Kupontermin(e) einfügen] eines jeden Jahres (jeweils 
ein Kupontermin) und bleiben immer unangepasst.] [Kupontermin ist am [Kupontermin einfügen] (der 
Kupontermin) und dieser bleibt unangepasst.] 
[Der erste Kupontermin ist der [ersten Kupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Kupontermin ist der [letzten 
Kupontermin einfügen].] 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind [am] [an jedem] Zinsenzahlungstag zahlbar.  
Zinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Zinsen tatsächlich fällig und zahlbar sind. 
Dieser kann mit dem Kupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte der Kupontermin auf einen Tag 
fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der zur Anwendung kommenden Anpassungsregel, wie in § 
5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den entsprechenden Geschäftstag. 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Zinsenlaufperiode ist [verkürzt] 
[verlängert]; [Erster Kupontermin ist: [●] [Letzter Kupontermin ist: [●].] 
 Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem 
Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des Zinsentagequotienten (wie unten 
definiert).] 
[Im Fall von Variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 Zinsenlaufperiode[n], Kupontermin[e], Zinsenzahlungstag[e]. 
 Die Schuldverschreibungen werden [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein bezogen auf 
ihren Nennbetrag ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) während 
der Zinsenlaufperiode[n] bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [letzten] 
Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Rückzahlungstag (wie in (1) 
definiert)] (ausschließlich) verzinst.

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
[Eine][Die] Zinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall 
keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Zinsenzahlungstag] [Rückzahlungstag] (ausschließlich) [und danach von 
jedem [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung 
der Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Zinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden bzw. letzten Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Zinsenzahlungstag bzw. Rückzahlungstag] (jeweils 
ausschließlich).] 
Die Zinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt] [unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
 Kupontermin[e]. Die Zinsen sind [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] nachträglich zahlbar. 
[Kupontermine sind [jeweils] am [Kupontermin(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] (jeweils ein Kupontermin) 
und bleiben immer unangepasst.] [Kupontermin ist der [Kupontermin einfügen] (der Kupontermin) und dieser 
bleibt unangepasst.] 
[Der erste Kupontermin ist der [ersten Kupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Kupontermin ist der [letzten 
Kupontermin einfügen].] 
 Zinsenzahlungstag[e]. Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind [am] [an jedem] Zinsenzahlungstag 
zahlbar. 
Zinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Zinsen tatsächlich fällig und zahlbar sind. 
Dieser kann mit dem Kupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte der Kupontermin auf einen Tag 
fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der zur Anwendung kommenden Anpassungsregel, wie in § 
5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den entsprechenden Geschäftstag. 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Zinsenlaufperiode ist [verkürzt] 
[verlängert]; [Erster Kupontermin ist: [ersten Kupontermin einfügen] [(der Erste Kupontermin)]] [Letzter 
Kupontermin ist: [letzten Kupontermin einfügen] [(der Letzte Kupontermin)]].] 
[Auswahlmöglichkeiten für verschiedene Referenzwerte für die Verzinsung: 
[Im Fall, dass die Verzinsung in Abhängigkeit von einem Referenz-Zinssatz berechnet werden soll einfügen: 
 Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für [die][jede] Zinsenlaufperiode ist, sofern nachstehend nichts 
Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
[Für EURIBOR oder einen anderen Referenz-Zinssatz außer einem zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-
Referenzsatz einfügen: 
der Referenz-Zinssatz [, sollte dieser Referenz-Zinssatz jedoch geringer als 0,00 % p.a. sein, ist ein Referenz-
Zinssatz von 0,00 % p.a. heranzuziehen,] [im Fall der Multiplikation mit einem Faktor, einfügen:, multipliziert 
mit dem [positiven] [negativen] Faktor [und danach]] [im Falle einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] 
der [maßgeblichen] Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen, ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz [per annum] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen].] 
[Für Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SONIA, Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SOFR, Zusammengesetzten 
Täglichen €STR oder einen anderen zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen: 
der 
Zusammengesetzte 
Tägliche 
[maßgeblicher 
Overnight-Referenzsatz 
einfügen], 
wobei 
ein 
Durchschnittskurs 
für 
die 
relevante 
Zinsenlaufperiode 
am 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] gemäß der unten dargestellten Formel (wie 
nachstehend definiert) berechnet wird [und sollte dieser Zusammengesetzte Tägliche [maßgeblicher 
Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] jedoch geringer als 0,00 % p.a. sein, ist ein Zusammengesetzter Täglicher 
[maßgeblicher Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] von 0,00 % p.a. heranzuziehen,] [im Fall der 
Multiplikation mit einem Faktor, einfügen:, multipliziert mit dem [positiven] [negativen] Faktor [und danach]] 
[im Falle einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der [maßgeblichen] Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen, ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz [per annum] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen]. 
Der Zusammengesetze Tägliche [maßgeblichen Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] bezeichnet, in Bezug auf 
eine Zinsenlaufperiode, die Rendite einer täglichen Zinsanlage mit dem täglichen Tageszinssatz in der 
festgelegten Währung (mit dem anwendbaren Referenzsatz (wie in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
angegeben und nachfolgend näher beschrieben) als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
Berechnungsstelle 
zum 
maßgeblichen 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag]

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] wie folgt berechnet, wobei der daraus resultierende Prozentsatz, 
sofern notwendig, auf [fünf] [●] Dezimalstellen gerundet wird und [0,000005] [●]% aufgerundet werden: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pGT × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
Anwendbare Periode bezeichnet [im Falle der Beobachtungsmethode Nachlauf: die Zinsenlaufperiode][im 
Falle der Beobachtungsmethode Beobachtungsverschiebung: den Beobachtungszeitraum]. 
GT bezeichnet einen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag. 
D ist [relevante Anzahl an Tagen einfügen] und stellt die Anzahl der Tage im Jahr dar, die für die Berechnung 
des Zinssatzes verwendet wird. 
d bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser Anwendbaren 
Periode. 
do bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die Anzahl der [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-
]Geschäftstage in dieser Anwendbaren Periode. 
i bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, ersten 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstages dieser Anwendbaren Periode wiedergeben. 
ni bezeichnet an jedem Tag i in der Anwendbaren Periode die Anzahl der Kalendertage von diesem [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-] Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich). 
Beobachtungsmethode bezeichnet [den Nachlauf] [die Beobachtungsverschiebung]. 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet in Bezug auf die maßgebliche Zinsenperiode den Zeitraum ab dem Tag 
(einschließlich), der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag dieser Zinsenlaufperiode 
liegt (und die erste Zinsenperiode beginnt am Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich)), bis zu dem Tag 
(ausschließlich), der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem Zinsenzahlungstag für diese 
Zinsenlaufperiode liegt (oder der Tag, der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor diesem früheren Tag, 
falls vorhanden, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar werden, liegt). 
p bezeichnet für jede Anwendbare Periode [Zahl einfügen] [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage (mit der 
Maßgabe, dass p nicht weniger als fünf [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage ohne die vorherige schriftliche 
Zustimmung der Berechnungsstelle betragen darf oder, falls keine solche Anzahl angegeben ist, fünf [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage). 
r bezeichnet: 
[sofern SONIA als der maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen SONIA-
Geschäftstag, den SONIA-Satz in Bezug auf diesen SONIA-Geschäftstag.] 
[sofern SOFR als der maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen SOFR-
Geschäftstag, den SOFR in Bezug auf diesen SOFR-Geschäftstag.] 
[sofern €STR als maßgeblicher Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen €STR-Geschäftstag, 
den €STR in Bezug auf diesen €STR-Geschäftstag.] 
r(i-pGT) bezeichnet den anwendbaren Referenzsatz, wie in der vorstehenden Definition von r angegeben für 
[sofern Nachlauf als Beobachtungsmethode angegeben ist: den [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag (der 
ein [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag ist, der in den maßgeblichen Beobachtungszeitraum fällt), der p 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem maßgeblichen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i 
liegt.] [anderenfalls: den maßgeblichen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-] Geschäftstag i.] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] erster Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Ersten Kupontermin endet (die Interpolierte 
Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Referenzzinssatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen Interpolation des 
verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Zinsenlaufperiode nächst

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Interpolierten 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit, jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt.)] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] letzter Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Letzten Kupontermin endet (die Interpolierte 
Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Referenzzinssatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen Interpolation des 
verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Zinsenlaufperiode nächst 
kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Interpolierten 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit, jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt.)] 
[Faktor bedeutet eine positive oder negative Zahl und wurde [für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [+][-] 
[Zahl einfügen] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Marge entspricht einem Auf- oder Abschlag in Prozentpunkten und wurde [für die [erste] [●] 
Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [●] [für die [●] Zinsenlaufperiode mit [●]] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Falls der Zinssatz auf Basis eines Referenz-CMS-Satzes bestimmt wird, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
 Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für die jeweilige Zinsenlaufperiode wird in Prozent p.a. ausgedrückt 
und von der Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 7 (Beauftragte Stellen) definiert) gemäß folgender Formel bestimmt: 
[Min][Max] [{][Max][Min] [(][(][[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [+] [-] [Marge][)] [; [(] [[●]-Jahres 
[maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [-] [+] [[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] 
CMS [* Faktor]] [+] [-] [Marge][)])][; [(] [[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [-] 
[+] [[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [+][-][Marge] [)] }] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] erster Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Ersten Kupontermin endet (die Interpolierte 
Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der maßgebliche Swapsatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen Interpolation des 
verfügbaren Swapsatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren 
Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Swapsatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Interpolierten Zinsenlaufperiode nächst 
längeren Laufzeit.)] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] letzter Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Letzten Kupontermin endet (die Interpolierte 
Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Swapsatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen Interpolation des verfügbaren 
Swapsatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und 
des verfügbaren Swapsatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Interpolierten Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren 
Laufzeit.)] 
[Faktor bezeichnet eine positive oder negative Zahl [(zwischen 0 und 25, für den Fall, dass ein Vielfaches des 
maßgeblichen CMS oder CMS Spread bei der Berechnung des Zinssatzes verwendet werden soll)] und wurde 
[für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [●][weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Marge entspricht einem Auf- oder Abschlag in Prozentpunkten und wurde [für die [erste] [●] 
Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [●] [für die [●] Zinsenlaufperiode mit [●]] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Fortsetzung allgemeine Bestimmungen für variable Verzinsung: 
[(3)] [Im Fall, dass ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Mindestzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen 
Bestimmungen für [die erste] [die [●]] [eine] Zinsenlaufperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsenlaufperiode [Mindestzinssatz einfügen] 
(Floor).] 
[Im Fall, dass ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Höchstzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen 
für [die erste] [die [●]] [eine] Zinsenlaufperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so 
ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsenlaufperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] (Cap).] 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Zinsenbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz bestimmen und den auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Zinsenbetrag (der Zinsenbetrag) für die entsprechende Zinsenlaufperiode berechnen. Der maßgebliche 
Zinsenbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der Zinsentagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf [den

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen][die Festgelegte Stückelung] angewendet werden, 
wobei der resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, 
wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
[(●)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsenbetrag. 
[Im Falle der Zinsenfestlegung im Vorhinein einfügen: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz[, der Zinsenbetrag] für die jeweilige 
Zinsenlaufperiode, [und] die jeweilige Zinsenlaufperiode [und der betreffende Zinsenzahlungstag]  
(i) der Emittentin[,] [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen], baldmöglichst nach dessen Festlegung, aber keinesfalls später als am [zweiten] [●] Geschäftstag vor 
Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsenlaufperiode] [ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderen Zeitpunkt 
einfügen] mitgeteilt werden und 
(ii) den Gläubigern unverzüglich gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt werden. 
[Veröffentlichungen von Informationen zur Zinsenfestlegung gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen der Börse, 
an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, erfolgen in jenem Umfang, der gemäß diesen Regeln dafür 
vorgesehen ist.]  
Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsenlaufperiode können der mitgeteilte Zinsenbetrag und der 
mitgeteilte Zinsenzahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend der Emittentin, [dem Clearing 
System,] [allen Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind], [jeder Zahlstelle] 
sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt.] 
[Im Falle der Zinsenfestlegung im Nachhinein einfügen: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz[, der Zinsenbetrag für die jeweilige 
Zinsenlaufperiode,] [und] die jeweilige Zinsenlaufperiode [und der betreffende Zinsenzahlungstag]  
[(i) 
der Emittentin, [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen], baldmöglichst nach Festlegung, aber keinesfalls später als am [[●] Geschäftstag vor Ablauf der 
jeweiligen Zinsenlaufperiode] [[zweiten] [●] Geschäftstag vor dem [Kupontermin] [Zinsenzahlungstag] der 
jeweiligen Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderen Zeitpunkt einfügen] mitgeteilt werden und] 
[(i) 
der Emittentin, [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen] an dem Tag mitgeteilt wird, der zwei (2) Geschäftstage nach dem Ende des [Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] liegt und] 
(iii) den Gläubigern unverzüglich gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt werden.  
[Veröffentlichungen von Informationen zur Zinsenfestlegung gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen der Börse, 
an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, erfolgen in jenem Umfang, der gemäß diesen Regeln dafür 
vorgesehen ist.] 
[Im Fall von Fest zu [Fest zu] Variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 Feste Verzinsung.  
 Zinssatz, Festzinsenlaufperiode[n], Zinsenwechseltag. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden, bezogen auf 
ihren Nennbetrag, ab dem [Datum einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) während der 
Festzinsenlaufperiode[n] [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein, bis zum [im Fall keiner 
Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] [●] [letzten] Festkupontermin] [, das ist der [Datum 
einfügen],] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] [●] [letzten] 
Festzinsenzahlungstag] (ausschließlich) verzinst (der Festzinssatz-Zeitraum). 
[Eine][Die] Festzinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum [im 
Fall keiner Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] [Festkupontermin] [[bzw.] 
[Zinsenwechseltag]] 
[im 
Fall 
einer 
Anpassung 
der 
Festzinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: 
[ersten] 
[Festzinsenzahlungstag] [[bzw.] [Zinsenwechseltag]] (ausschließlich) [und danach von jedem [im Fall keiner

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Festkupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Festzinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Festkupontermin bzw. Zinsenwechseltag] [im Fall einer 
Anpassung 
der 
Festzinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: 
nächstfolgenden 
Festzinsenzahlungstag 
bzw. 
Zinsenwechseltag] (jeweils ausschließlich). 
Zinsenwechseltag bezeichnet den [[letzten] Festkupontermin, das ist der [Festkupontermin einfügen] [auf 
den 
[letzten] 
Festkupontermin, 
das 
ist 
der 
[letzten 
Festkupontermin 
einfügen] 
bezügliche 
Festzinsenzahlungstag]. 
Die Festzinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt] [unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
[Im Falle eines Zinssatzes für den gesamten Festzinssatz-Zeitraum einfügen: Der Zinssatz beträgt für den 
Festzinssatz-Zeitraum [Zinssatz einfügen] % [p.a.] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen] (der Festzinssatz).] 
[Im Falle mehrerer Zinssätze innerhalb des Festzinssatz-Zeitraumes einfügen: [Der Zinssatz] [Die Zinssätze] 
innerhalb des Festzinssatz-Zeitraumes [beträgt][betragen] für die [erste] Festzinsenlaufperiode [vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn bis zum [ersten] [Festkupontermin][Festzinsenzahlungstag] [Zinssatz einfügen] % [p.a.] 
[,][und] [für die [n-te] Festzinsenlaufperiode vom [maßgeblichen Festkupontermin/ Festzinsenzahlungstag 
einfügen] bis zum [maßgeblichen Festkupontermin/ Festzinsenzahlungstag einfügen] [Zinssatz einfügen] % 
[p.a.]] [,][und] [anderen/weiteren Zeitraum einfügen] [(der jeweilige Festzinssatz)][die jeweiligen 
Festzinssätze)].] 
 Festkupontermin[e], Festzinsenzahlungstag[e]. Der Festzins ist nachträglich zahlbar. [Festkupontermine 
sind [jeweils] am [Festkupontermin(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] (jeweils ein Festkupontermin) und 
bleiben immer unangepasst.] [Festkupontermin ist der [Festkupontermin einfügen] (der Festkupontermin) 
und dieser bleibt unangepasst.] 
[Der erste Festkupontermin ist der [ersten Festkupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Festkupontermin ist der 
[letzten Festkupontermin einfügen].] 
Festzinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind [an jedem][am] Festzinsenzahlungstag zahlbar. 
Festzinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Festzinsen tatsächlich fällig und zahlbar 
sind. Dieser kann mit dem Festzinskupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte der 
Festzinskupontermin auf einen Tag fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der zur Anwendung kommenden 
Anpassungsregel, wie in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den entsprechenden 
Geschäftstag.  
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Festzinsenlaufperiode ist 
[verkürzt] 
[verlängert]; 
[Erster 
Festkupontermin 
ist: 
[ersten 
Festkupontermin 
einfügen][Letzter 
Festkupontermin ist: [letzten Festkupontermin einfügen]] 
 Berechnung der Festzinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern der Festzins für einen Zeitraum von weniger 
als einem Jahr zu berechnen ist, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie 
nachstehend definiert). 
 Variable Verzinsung. 
 Zinssatz, Variable Zinsenlaufperiode[n], Variable[r] Zinsenzahlungstag[e]. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
werden [jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag ab dem 
Zinsenwechseltag (einschließlich) während der Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode[n] bis zum [im Fall keiner 
Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [letzten] Variablen Kupontermin] [im Fall einer 
Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Rückzahlungstag (wie in § 6 Absatz (1) definiert)] 
(ausschließlich) verzinst. 
[Eine][Die] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Zinsenwechseltag (einschließlich) bis zum 
[im Fall keiner Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Variablen Kupontermin] [im 
Fall einer Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag] 
[Rückzahlungstag] (ausschließlich) [und danach von jedem [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Variablen Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner 
Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden bzw. letzten Variablen Kupontermin] 
[im Fall einer Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Variablen 
Zinsenzahlungstag bzw. Rückzahlungstag] (jeweils ausschließlich)].

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
Die Variable[n] Zinsenlaufperiode[n][unterliegt] [unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
 Variable[r] Kupontermin[e]. Die Variablen Zinsen sind [jährlich] [halbjährlich][vierteljährlich] 
nachträglich zahlbar. [Variable Kupontermine sind jeweils der [Datum einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] (jeweils 
ein Variabler Kupontermin) und bleiben immer unangepasst.] 
[Variabler Kupontermin ist der [Variablen Kupontermin einfügen] und dieser bleibt immer unangepasst.] 
[Der erste Variable Kupontermin ist der [ersten Variablen Kupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Variable 
Kupontermin ist der [letzten Variablen Kupontermin einfügen].] 
 Variable[r] Zinsenzahlungstag[e].  
Variable Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind [an jedem][am] Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag zahlbar. 
Variabler Zinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Variablen Zinsen tatsächlich fällig 
und zahlbar sind. Dieser kann mit dem Variablen Kupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte 
der Variable Kupontermin auf einen Tag fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist, aufgrund der zur Anwendung 
kommenden Anpassungsregel, wie in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den 
entsprechenden Geschäftstag.  
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Variabler Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode ist [verkürzt] [verlängert]; [Erster Variabler Kupontermin ist: [ersten Variablen 
Kupontermin einfügen] [(der Erste Kupontermin)]] [Letzter Variabler Kupontermin ist: [letzten Variablen 
Kupontermin einfügen] [(der Letzte Kupontermin)]].] 
[Auswahlmöglichkeiten für verschiedene Referenzwerte für die variable Verzinsung: 
[Im Fall, dass die variable Verzinsung in Abhängigkeit von einem Referenz-Zinssatz berechnet werden soll, 
einfügen: 
 Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der Variable Zinssatz) für [die][jede] Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode ist, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird,  
[Für EURIBOR oder einen anderen Referenz-Zinssatz außer einem zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-
Referenzsatz einfügen: 
der Referenz-Zinssatz [, sollte dieser Referenzzinssatz jedoch geringer als 0,00 % p.a. sein, ist ein Referenz-
Zinssatz von 0,00 % p.a. heranzuziehen,] [im Fall der Multiplikation mit einem Faktor, einfügen:, multipliziert 
mit dem [positiven] [negativen] Faktor [und danach]] [im Falle einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] 
der [maßgeblichen] Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen, ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz [per annum][anderen Zeitraum einfügen].] 
[Für Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SONIA, Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SOFR, Zusammengesetzten 
Täglichen €STR oder einen anderen zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen: 
der 
Zusammengesetzte 
Tägliche 
[maßgeblicher 
Overnight-Referenzsatz 
einfügen], 
wobei 
ein 
Durchschnittskurs 
für 
die 
relevante 
Zinsenlaufperiode 
am 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] gemäß der unten dargestellten Formel (wie 
nachstehend definiert) berechnet wird [und sollte dieser Zusammengesetzte Tägliche [maßgeblicher 
Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] jedoch geringer als 0,00 % p.a. sein, ist ein Zusammengesetzter Täglicher 
[maßgeblicher Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] von 0,00 % p.a. heranzuziehen,] [im Fall der 
Multiplikation mit einem Faktor, einfügen:, multipliziert mit dem [positiven] [negativen] Faktor [und danach]] 
[im Falle einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der [maßgeblichen] Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen, ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz [per annum] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen]. 
Der Zusammengesetze Tägliche [maßgeblichen Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] bezeichnet, in Bezug auf 
eine Zinsenlaufperiode, die Rendite einer täglichen Zinsanlage mit dem täglichen Tageszinssatz in der 
festgelegten Währung (mit dem anwendbaren Referenzsatz (wie in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
angegeben und nachfolgend näher beschrieben) als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
Berechnungsstelle 
zum 
maßgeblichen 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] wie folgt berechnet, wobei der daraus resultierende Prozentsatz, 
sofern notwendig, auf [fünf] [●] Dezimalstellen gerundet wird und [0,000005] [●]% aufgerundet werden:

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pGT × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
Anwendbare Periode bezeichnet [im Falle der Beobachtungsmethode Nachlauf: die Zinsenlaufperiode] [im 
Falle der Beobachtungsmethode Beobachtungsverschiebung: den Beobachtungszeitraum]. 
GT bezeichnet einen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag. 
D ist [relevante Anzahl an Tagen einfügen] und stellt die Anzahl der Tage im Jahr dar, die für die Berechnung 
des Zinssatzes verwendet wird. 
d bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser Anwendbaren 
Periode. 
do bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die Anzahl der [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-
]Geschäftstage in dieser Anwendbaren Periode. 
i bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, ersten 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR]Geschäftstages dieser Anwendbaren Periode wiedergeben. 
ni bezeichnet an jedem Tag i in der Anwendbaren Periode die Anzahl der Kalendertage von diesem [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-] Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich). 
Beobachtungsmethode bezeichnet [den Nachlauf] [die Beobachtungsverschiebung]. 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet in Bezug auf die maßgebliche Zinsenperiode den Zeitraum ab dem Tag 
(einschließlich), der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag dieser Zinsenlaufperiode 
liegt (und die erste Zinsenperiode beginnt am Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich)), bis zu dem Tag 
(ausschließlich), der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem Zinsenzahlungstag für diese 
Zinsenlaufperiode liegt (oder der Tag, der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor diesem früheren Tag, 
falls vorhanden, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar werden, liegt). 
p bezeichnet für jede Anwendbare Periode [Zahl einfügen] [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage (mit der 
Maßgabe, dass p nicht weniger als fünf [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage ohne die vorherige schriftliche 
Zustimmung der Berechnungsstelle betragen darf oder, falls keine solche Anzahl angegeben ist, fünf [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage). 
r bezeichnet: 
[sofern SONIA als der maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen SONIA-
Geschäftstag, den SONIA-Satz in Bezug auf diesen SONIA-Geschäftstag.] 
[sofern SOFR als der maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen SOFR-
Geschäftstag, den SOFR in Bezug auf diesen SOFR-Geschäftstag.] 
[sofern €STR als maßgeblicher Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen €STR-Geschäftstag, 
den €STR in Bezug auf diesen €STR-Geschäftstag.] 
r(i-pGT) bezeichnet den anwendbaren Referenzsatz, wie in der vorstehenden Definition von r angegeben für 
[sofern Nachlauf als Beobachtungsmethode angegeben ist: den [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag (der 
ein [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag ist, der in den maßgeblichen Beobachtungszeitraum fällt), der p 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem maßgeblichen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i 
liegt.] [anderenfalls: den maßgeblichen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i.] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] erster Variabler Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Variable Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Ersten Variablen Kupontermin endet (die 
Interpolierte Variable Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Referenzzinssatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen 
Interpolation des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
Interpolierten Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit, jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt.)] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] letzter Variabler Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Variable Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Letzten Variablen Kupontermin endet 
(die Interpolierte Variable Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Referenzzinssatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen 
Interpolation des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur 
Interpolierten Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit, jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt.)] 
[Faktor bedeutet eine positive oder negative Zahl und wurde [für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [+][-] 
[Zahl einfügen] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Marge entspricht einem Auf- oder Abschlag in Prozentpunkten und wurde [für die [erste] [●] 
Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [●] [für die [●] Zinsenlaufperiode mit [●]] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Falls der variable Zinssatz auf Basis eines Referenz-CMS-Satzes bestimmt wird, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
 Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der Variable Zinssatz) für die jeweilige Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode wird in Prozent p.a. ausgedrückt und von der Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 7 (Beauftragte 
Stellen) definiert) gemäß folgender Formel bestimmt: 
[Min][Max] [{][Max][Min] [(][(][[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [+] [-] [Marge][)] [; [(] [[●]-Jahres 
[maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [-] [+] [[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] 
CMS [* Faktor]] [+] [-] [Marge][)])][; [(] [[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [-] 
[+] [[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [+][-][Marge] [)] }] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] erster Variabler Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Variable Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Ersten Variablen Kupontermin endet (die 
Interpolierte Variable Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der maßgebliche Swapsatz gebildet wird anhand der 
linearen Interpolation des verfügbaren Swapsatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten 
Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Swapsatzes mit der im Verhältnis 
zur Interpolierten Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit.)] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] letzter Variabler Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Variable Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Letzten Variablen Kupontermin endet 
(die Interpolierte Variable Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Swapsatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen 
Interpolation des verfügbaren Swapsatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Swapsatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur 
Interpolierten Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit.)] 
[Faktor bezeichnet eine positive oder negative Zahl [(zwischen 0 und 25, für den Fall, dass ein Vielfaches des 
maßgeblichen CMS oder CMS Spread bei der Berechnung des Zinssatzes verwendet werden soll)] und wurde 
[für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [●][weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Marge entspricht einem Auf- oder Abschlag in Prozentpunkten und wurde [für die [erste] [●] 
Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [●] [für die [●] Zinsenlaufperiode mit [●]] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Fortsetzung allgemeine Bestimmungen für variable Verzinsung: 
[(3)] [Im Fall, dass ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Mindestzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen 
Bestimmungen für [die erste] [die [●]] [eine] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode ermittelte Variable Zinssatz niedriger 
ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen] (Floor).] 
[Im Fall, dass ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Höchstzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen 
für [die erste] [die [●]] [eine] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode ermittelte Variable Zinssatz höher ist als

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] 
(Cap).] 
([3][4][5]) Zinsenbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach [dem][jedem] Zeitpunkt, an 
dem der Variable Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Variablen Zinssatz bestimmen und den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsenbetrag (der Zinsenbetrag) für die entsprechende Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode berechnen. Der maßgebliche Zinsenbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Variable Zinssatz und 
der Zinsentagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf [den ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen][die Festgelegte Stückelung] angewendet werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag auf die 
kleinste Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet 
werden. 
[(●)] Mitteilung von Variablem Zinssatz und Zinsenbetrag. 
[Im Falle der Zinsenfestlegung im Vorhinein einfügen: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Variable Zinssatz[, der Zinsenbetrag für die jeweilige Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode,] [und] die jeweilige Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [und der betreffende Variable 
Zinsenzahlungstag]  
(i) der Emittentin[,] [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen], baldmöglichst nach dessen Festlegung, aber keinesfalls später als am [zweiten] [●] Geschäftstag vor 
Beginn der [jeweiligen] Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode] [ersten Tag der [jeweiligen] Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[anderen Zeitpunkt einfügen] mitgeteilt werden und 
(ii) den Gläubigern unverzüglich gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt werden.  
[Veröffentlichungen von Informationen zur Zinsenfestlegung gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen der Börse, 
an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, erfolgen in jenem Umfang, der gemäß diesen Regeln dafür 
vorgesehen ist.]  
Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode können der mitgeteilte 
Zinsenbetrag und der mitgeteilte Variable Zinsenzahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst 
(oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend der 
Emittentin, [dem Clearing System,] [allen Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind], [jeder Zahlstelle] sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) 
mitgeteilt.]] 
[Im Falle der Zinsenfestlegung im Nachhinein einfügen: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Variable Zinssatz[, der Zinsenbetrag für die jeweilige Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode,] [und] die jeweilige Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [und der betreffende Variable 
Zinsenzahlungstag]  
[(i) 
der Emittentin, [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen], baldmöglichst nach Festlegung, aber keinesfalls später als am [[●] Geschäftstag vor Ablauf der 
[jeweiligen] Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode] [[zweiten] [●] Geschäftstag vor dem Variablen [Kupontermin] 
[Zinsenzahlungstag] der [jeweiligen] Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderen Zeitpunkt einfügen] mitgeteilt 
werden und] 
[(i) 
der Emittentin, [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen] an dem Tag mitgeteilt wird, der zwei (2) Geschäftstage nach dem Ende des [Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] liegt und] 
(ii) den Gläubigern unverzüglich gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt werden.  
[Veröffentlichungen von Informationen zur Zinsenfestlegung gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen der Börse, 
an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, erfolgen in jenem Umfang, der gemäß diesen Regeln dafür 
vorgesehen ist.]

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
[Im Fall von Variabel zu Fest verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 Variable Verzinsung. 
 Variabler Zinssatz, Variable Zinsenlaufperiode[n], Zinsenwechseltag. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
[jährlich] [halbjährlich] [vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) während der Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperiode[n] bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [letzten] 
Variablen Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [letzten] 
Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag)] (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
[Eine][Die] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
[im Fall keiner Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Variablen Kupontermin] [im 
Fall einer Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag] 
(ausschließlich) [und danach von jedem [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: Variablen Kupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: 
Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Variablen Kupontermin bzw. den Zinsenwechseltag] [im Fall 
einer Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag 
bzw. den Zinsenwechseltag] (jeweils ausschließlich)]. 
Zinsenwechseltag bezeichnet den [letzten Variablen Kupontermin einfügen] [auf den Variablen 
Kupontermin [letzten Variablen Kupontermin einfügen] bezüglichen Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag]. 
Die Variable[n] Zinsenlaufperiode[n][unterliegt] [unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
 Variabler Kupontermin. Die Variablen Zinsen sind [jährlich] [halbjährlich][vierteljährlich] nachträglich 
zahlbar. [Variable Kupontermine sind jeweils der [Datum einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] (jeweils ein 
Variabler Kupontermin) und bleiben immer unangepasst.] [Variabler Kupontermin ist der [Variablen 
Kupontermin einfügen] und dieser bleibt immer unangepasst 
[Der erste Variable Kupontermin ist der [ersten Variablen Kupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Variable 
Kupontermin ist der [letzten Variablen Kupontermin einfügen].] 
 Variable[r] Zinsenzahlungstag[e]. 
Variable Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind [an jedem][am] Variablen Zinsenzahlungstag zahlbar. 
Variabler Zinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Variablen Zinsen tatsächlich fällig 
und zahlbar sind. Dieser kann mit dem Variablen Kupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte 
der Variable Kupontermin auf einen Tag fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der zur Anwendung 
kommenden Anpassungsregel, wie in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den 
entsprechenden Geschäftstag. 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Variabler Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [Die [erste] [letzte] Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode ist [verkürzt] [verlängert]; [Erster Variabler Kupontermin ist: [ersten Variablen 
Kupontermin einfügen] [(der Erste Variable Kupontermin)]] [Letzter Variabler Kupontermin ist: [letzten 
Variablen Kupontermin einfügen] [(der Letzte Variable Kupontermin)]].] 
[Auswahlmöglichkeiten für verschiedene Referenzwerte für die variable Verzinsung: 
[Im Fall, dass die variable Verzinsung in Abhängigkeit von einem Referenz-Zinssatz berechnet werden soll, 
einfügen: 
 Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der Variable Zinssatz) für [die][jede] Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode ist, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird,  
[Für EURIBOR oder einen anderen Referenz-Zinssatz außer einem zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-
Referenzsatz einfügen: 
der Referenz-Zinssatz [, sollte dieser Referenz-Zinssatz jedoch geringer als 0,00 % p.a. sein, ist ein Referenz-
Zinssatz von 0,00 % p.a. heranzuziehen,] [im Fall der Multiplikation mit einem Faktor, einfügen:, multipliziert 
mit dem [positiven] [negativen] Faktor [und danach]] [im Falle einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] 
der [maßgeblichen] Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen, ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz [per annum] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen].]

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
[Für Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SONIA, Zusammengesetzten Täglichen SOFR, Zusammengesetzten 
Täglichen €STR oder einen anderen zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen: 
der 
Zusammengesetzte 
Tägliche 
[maßgeblicher 
Overnight-Referenzsatz 
einfügen], 
wobei 
ein 
Durchschnittskurs 
für 
die 
relevante 
Zinsenlaufperiode 
am 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] gemäß der unten dargestellten Formel (wie 
nachstehend definiert) berechnet wird [und sollte dieser Zusammengesetzte Tägliche [maßgeblicher 
Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] jedoch geringer als 0,00 % p.a. sein, ist ein Zusammengesetzter Täglicher 
[maßgeblicher Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] von 0,00 % p.a. heranzuziehen,] [im Fall der 
Multiplikation mit einem Faktor, einfügen:, multipliziert mit dem [positiven] [negativen] Faktor [und danach]] 
[im Falle einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der [maßgeblichen] Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen, ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz [per annum] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen]. 
Der Zusammengesetze Tägliche [maßgeblichen Overnight-Referenzsatz einfügen] bezeichnet, in Bezug auf 
eine Zinsenlaufperiode, die Rendite einer täglichen Zinsanlage mit dem täglichen Tageszinssatz in der 
festgelegten Währung (mit dem anwendbaren Referenzsatz (wie in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
angegeben und nachfolgend näher beschrieben) als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
Berechnungsstelle 
zum 
maßgeblichen 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] wie folgt berechnet, wobei der daraus resultierende Prozentsatz, 
sofern notwendig, auf [fünf] [●] Dezimalstellen gerundet wird und [0,000005] [●]% aufgerundet werden: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pGT × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
Anwendbare Periode bezeichnet [im Falle der Beobachtungsmethode Nachlauf: die Zinsenlaufperiode][im 
Falle der Beobachtungsmethode Beobachtungsverschiebung: den Beobachtungszeitraum]. 
GT bezeichnet einen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag. 
D ist [relevante Anzahl an Tagen einfügen] und stellt die Anzahl der Tage im Jahr dar, die für die Berechnung 
des Zinssatzes verwendet wird. 
d bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser Anwendbaren 
Periode. 
do bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die Anzahl der [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-
]Geschäftstage in dieser Anwendbaren Periode. 
i bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, ersten 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstages dieser Anwendbaren Periode wiedergeben. 
ni bezeichnet an jedem Tag i in der Anwendbaren Periode die Anzahl der Kalendertage von diesem [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich). 
Beobachtungsmethode bezeichnet [den Nachlauf] [die Beobachtungsverschiebung]. 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet in Bezug auf die maßgebliche Zinsenperiode den Zeitraum ab dem Tag 
(einschließlich), der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag dieser Zinsenlaufperiode 
liegt (und die erste Zinsenperiode beginnt am Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich)), bis zu dem Tag 
(ausschließlich), der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem Zinsenzahlungstag für diese 
Zinsenlaufperiode liegt (oder der Tag, der p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor diesem früheren Tag, 
falls vorhanden, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar werden, liegt). 
p bezeichnet für jede Anwendbare Periode [Zahl einfügen] [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage (mit der 
Maßgabe, dass p nicht weniger als fünf [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage ohne die vorherige schriftliche 
Zustimmung der Berechnungsstelle betragen darf oder, falls keine solche Anzahl angegeben ist, fünf [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage). 
r bezeichnet: 
[sofern SONIA als der maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen SONIA-
Geschäftstag, den SONIA-Satz in Bezug auf diesen SONIA-Geschäftstag.]

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
[sofern SOFR als der maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen SOFR-
Geschäftstag, den SOFR in Bezug auf diesen SOFR-Geschäftstag.] 
[sofern €STR als maßgeblicher Overnight-Referenzsatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen €STR-Geschäftstag, 
den €STR in Bezug auf diesen €STR-Geschäftstag.] 
r(i-pGT) bezeichnet den anwendbaren Referenzsatz, wie in der vorstehenden Definition von r angegeben für 
[sofern Nachlauf als Beobachtungsmethode angegeben ist: den [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag (der 
ein [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag ist, der in den maßgeblichen Beobachtungszeitraum fällt), der p 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstage vor dem maßgeblichen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i 
liegt.] [anderenfalls: den maßgeblichen [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Geschäftstag i.] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] erster Variabler Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Variable Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Ersten Variablen Kupontermin endet (die 
Interpolierte Variable Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Referenzzinssatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen 
Interpolation des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur 
Interpolierten Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit, jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt.)] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] letzter Variabler Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Variable Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Letzten Variablen Kupontermin endet 
(die Interpolierte Variable Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Referenzzinssatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen 
Interpolation des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Variablen 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Referenzzinssatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur 
Interpolierten Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit, jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt.)] 
[Faktor bedeutet eine positive oder negative Zahl und wurde [für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [+][-] 
[Zahl einfügen] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Marge entspricht einem Auf- oder Abschlag in Prozentpunkten und wurde [für die [erste] [●] 
Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [●] [für die [●] Zinsenlaufperiode mit [●]] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Falls der variable Zinssatz auf Basis eines Referenz-CMS-Satzes bestimmt wird, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
 Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der Variable Zinssatz) für die jeweilige Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode wird in Prozent per annum ausgedrückt und von der Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 7 
(Beauftragte Stellen) definiert) gemäß folgender Formel bestimmt: 
[Min][Max] [{][Max][Min] [(][(][[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [+] [-] [Marge][)] [; [(] [[●]-Jahres 
[maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [-] [+] [[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] 
CMS [* Faktor]] [+] [-] [Marge][)])][; [(] [[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [-] 
[+] [[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche Währung einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] [+][-][Marge] [)] }] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] erster Variabler Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Variable Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Ersten Variablen Kupontermin endet (die 
Interpolierte Variable Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der maßgebliche Swapsatz gebildet wird anhand der 
linearen Interpolation des verfügbaren Swapsatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten 
Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Swapsatzes mit der im Verhältnis 
zur Interpolierten Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit.)] 
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] letzter Variabler Zinsenlaufperiode und falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Variable Zinsenlaufperiode, die mit dem Letzten Variablen Kupontermin endet 
(die Interpolierte Variable Zinsenlaufperiode), für die der Swapsatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen 
Interpolation des verfügbaren Swapsatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten Variablen

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
Zinsenlaufperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und des verfügbaren Swapsatzes mit der im Verhältnis zur 
Interpolierten Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit.)] 
[Faktor bezeichnet eine positive oder negative Zahl [(zwischen 0 und 25, für den Fall, dass ein Vielfaches des 
maßgeblichen CMS oder CMS Spread bei der Berechnung des Zinssatzes verwendet werden soll)] und wurde 
[für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [●][weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Marge entspricht einem Auf- oder Abschlag in Prozentpunkten und wurde [für die [erste] [●] 
Zinsenlaufperiode] mit [●] [für die [●] Zinsenlaufperiode mit [●]] [weitere einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Fortsetzung allgemeine Bestimmungen für variable Verzinsung: 
[Im Fall, dass ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Mindestzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen 
für [die erste] [die [●]] [eine] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode ermittelte Variable Zinssatz niedriger ist als 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen] % p.a. (Floor).] 
[Im Fall, dass ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Höchstzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen 
für [die erste] [die [●]] [eine] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode ermittelte Variable Zinssatz höher ist als 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] 
% p.a. (Cap).] 
[(e)] Variabler Zinsenbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
der Variable Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Variablen Zinssatz bestimmen und den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Variablen Zinsenbetrag (der Variable Zinsenbetrag) für die entsprechende 
Variable Zinsenlaufperiode berechnen. Der maßgebliche Variable Zinsenbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der 
Variable Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf [den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen] [die Festgelegte Stückelung] angewendet werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag auf 
die kleinste Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten 
aufgerundet werden. 
[(f)] Mitteilung von Variablem Zinssatz und Variablem Zinsenbetrag. 
[Im Falle der Zinsenfestlegung im Vorhinein einfügen: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Variable Zinssatz[, der Zinsenbetrag für die jeweilige Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode,] [und] die jeweilige Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [und der betreffende Variable 
Zinsenzahlungstag]  
(i) der Emittentin[,] [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen], baldmöglichst nach dessen Festlegung, aber keinesfalls später als am [zweiten] [●] Geschäftstag vor 
Beginn der [jeweiligen] Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode] [ersten Tag der Variablen [jeweiligen] Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[anderen Zeitpunkt einfügen] mitgeteilt werden und 
(ii) den Gläubigern unverzüglich gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt werden.  
[Veröffentlichungen von Informationen zur Zinsenfestlegung gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen der Börse, 
an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, erfolgen in jenem Umfang, der gemäß diesen Regeln dafür 
vorgesehen ist.] 
Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode können der mitgeteilte 
Zinsenbetrag und der mitgeteilte Variable Zinsenzahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst 
(oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend der 
Emittentin, [dem Clearing System,] [allen Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind], [jeder Zahlstelle] sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § [12 (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) 
mitgeteilt.] 
[Im Falle der Zinsenfestlegung im Nachhinein einfügen: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Variable Zinssatz[, der Zinsenbetrag für die jeweilige Variable 
Zinsenlaufperiode,] [und] die jeweilige Variable Zinsenlaufperiode [und der betreffende Variable 
Zinsenzahlungstag]  
[(i) 
der Emittentin, [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
verlangen], baldmöglichst nach Festlegung, aber keinesfalls später als am [[●] Geschäftstag vor Ablauf der 
[jeweiligen] Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode] [[zweiten] [●] Geschäftstag vor dem Variablen [Kupontermin] 
[Zinsenzahlungstag] der [jeweiligen] Variablen Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderen Zeitpunkt einfügen] mitgeteilt 
werden und] 
[(i) 
der Emittentin, [dem Clearing System] [jeder Zahlstelle] [und] [jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen] an dem Tag mitgeteilt wird, der zwei (2) Geschäftstage nach dem Ende des [Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] liegt und] 
(ii) den Gläubigern unverzüglich gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt werden. 
[Veröffentlichungen von Informationen zur Zinsenfestlegung gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen der Börse, 
an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, erfolgen in jenem Umfang, der gemäß diesen Regeln dafür 
vorgesehen ist.] 
 
Feste Verzinsung 
 Zinssatz, Festzinsenlaufperiode[n]. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden, bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag, ab 
dem Zinsenwechseltag (einschließlich) während der Festzinsenlaufperiode[n] [jährlich] [halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] im Nachhinein, bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: 
[letzten] Festkupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Rückzahlungstag 
wie in (1) definiert] (ausschließlich)] verzinst (der Festzinssatz-Zeitraum). 
[Eine][Die] Festzinsenlaufperiode läuft dabei [jeweils] vom Zinsenwechseltag (einschließlich) bis zum [im 
Fall keiner Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Festkupontermin] [im Fall einer 
Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: [ersten] Festzinsenzahlungstag] [Rückzahlungstag] 
(ausschließlich) [und danach von jedem [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: 
Festkupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: Festzinsenzahlungstag] 
(einschließlich) bis zum [im Fall keiner Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: nächstfolgenden 
bzw. letzten Festkupontermin] [im Fall einer Anpassung der Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen: letzten 
Festzinsenzahlungstag bzw. Rückzahlungstag] (jeweils ausschließlich)]]. 
Die Festzinsenlaufperiode[n] [unterliegt] [unterliegen] [k]einer Anpassung. 
[Im Falle eines Zinssatzes für den gesamten Festzinssatz-Zeitraum einfügen: Der Zinssatz beträgt für den 
Festzinssatz-Zeitraum [Zinssatz einfügen] % [p.a.] [anderen Zeitraum einfügen] (der Festzinssatz).]  
[Im Falle mehrerer Zinssätze innerhalb des Festzinssatz-Zeitraumes einfügen: [Der Zinssatz] [Die Zinssätze] 
innerhalb des Festzinssatz-Zeitraumes [beträgt][betragen] für die [erste] Festzinsenlaufperiode [vom 
Zinsenwechseltag bis zum [ersten] [Festkupontermin] [Festzinsenzahlungstag] [Rückzahlungstag] [Zinssatz 
einfügen] % [p.a.] [,][und] [für die [n-te] Festzinsenlaufperiode vom [maßgeblichen Festkupontermin/ 
Festzinsenzahlungstag einfügen] bis zum [maßgeblichen Festkupontermin/ Festzinsenzahlungstag einfügen] 
[Rückzahlungstag] [Zinssatz einfügen] % [p.a.]] [,][und] [anderen/weiteren Zeitraum einfügen] [(der 
jeweilige Festzinssatz)][die jeweiligen Festzinssätze)].] 
 Festkupontermin[e], Festzinsenzahlungstag[e]. Der Festzins ist nachträglich zahlbar. [Festkupontermine 
sind [jeweils] am [Festkupontermin(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] (jeweils ein Festkupontermin) und 
bleiben immer unangepasst.] [Festkupontermin ist der [Festkupontermin einfügen] (der Festkupontermin) 
und dieser bleibt unangepasst.] 
[Der erste Festkupontermin ist der [ersten Festkupontermin einfügen]. Der letzte Festkupontermin ist der 
[letzten Festkupontermin einfügen].] 
Festzinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind [am] [an jedem] Festzinsenzahlungstag zahlbar. 
Festzinsenzahlungstag bezeichnet jenen Geschäftstag, an welchem die Festzinsen tatsächlich fällig und zahlbar 
sind. Dieser kann mit dem Festzinskupontermin zusammenfallen, oder verschiebt sich – sollte der 
Festzinskupontermin auf einen Tag fallen, der kein Geschäftstag ist – aufgrund der zur Anwendung kommenden 
Anpassungsregel, wie in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Geschäftstage-Konvention) bestimmt, auf den entsprechenden 
Geschäftstag.  
[Im Falle [kurzer] [langer] Festzinsenlaufperioden einfügen:[Die [erste] [letzte] Festzinsenlaufperiode ist 
[verkürzt] 
[verlängert]; 
[Erster 
Festkupontermin 
ist: 
[ersten 
Festkupontermin 
einfügen][Letzter 
Festkupontermin ist: [letzten Festkupontermin einfügen].]

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 Berechnung der Festzinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Festzins für einen Zeitraum von weniger als 
einem Jahr zu berechnen ist, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend 
definiert).] 
[Im Fall von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 Keine periodischen Zinsenzahlungen. Es erfolgen keine periodischen Zinsenzahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emissionsrendite[n] [beträgt][betragen] [Emissionsrendite einfügen] 
[Im Falle von unterschiedlichen Emissionsrenditen für einzelne Zinsenlaufperioden, relevante 
Bestimmungen (einschließlich Ersatzregelungen) hier einfügen]] 
[Fortsetzung allgemeine Bestimmungen für Verzinsung: 
[(●)] Zinsenlauf und Verzugszinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst 
und kein Erweiterter Fälligkeitstag bekanntgegeben wurde, sind die Schuldverschreibungen bezogen auf ihren 
[Nennbetrag] [Rückzahlungsbetrag] vom Tag der Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Zinssatzes für 
Verzugszinsen12 zu verzinsen. 
[(●)] Zinsentagequotient. Zinsentagequotient bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines Zinsenbetrages 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum): 
[Im Fall, dass Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
Der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum wird auf folgender Basis berechnet: 
 Wenn der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum gleich oder kürzer ist als die Feststellungsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert), in die der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum fällt, oder falls er ihr entspricht (einschließlich im Falle 
eines kurzen Kupons), ist der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum die Anzahl von Tagen in dem betreffenden 
Zinsenberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch [das Produkt aus (1) der] [die] der Anzahl der Tage in der 
Feststellungsperiode, in die der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum fällt [und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungsperioden, welche normalerweise in einem Kalenderjahr enden]; und 
 wenn der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum länger ist als eine Feststellungsperiode (langer Kupon), ist der 
Zinsenberechnungszeitraum die Summe aus: 
(i) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsenberechnungszeitraum, die in die Feststellungsperiode fallen, in 
welcher der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch [das Produkt aus (1) der] [die] Anzahl 
der Tage in dieser Feststellungperiode [und (2) der Anzahl der Feststellungsperioden, welche 
normalerweise in ein Kalenderjahr fallen][; und 
(ii) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsenberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch [das Produkt aus (1) der] [die] Anzahl der Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode [und (2) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungsperioden, welche normalerweise in einem Kalenderjahr enden].] 
Wobei: 
Feststellungsperiode bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab und einschließlich [Tag(e) und Monat(e) einfügen, an denen 
normalerweise Zinsen gezahlt werden (wenn mehr als einer, dann alternativ diese Daten)] in einem Jahr 
bis, aber ausgenommen, zum nächsten [Tag(e) und Monat(e) einfügen, an denen normalerweise Zinsen 
gezahlt werden (wenn mehr als einer, dann alternativ diese Daten)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 
251)).] 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsenberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil dieses 
Zinsenberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (a) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das 
Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Zinsenberechnungszeitraumes dividiert durch 366 und (b) die tatsächliche Anzahl 
der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Zinsenberechnungszeitraumes dividiert durch 365) (Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)).] 
 
12  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt gemäß §§ 288 Absatz l, 247 Bürgerliche Gesetzbuchs(BGB) für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte 
über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank halbjährlich veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsenberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsenberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (Actual/360).] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis einfügen: 
Die Anzahl der Tage im jeweiligen Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (30/360, 360/360 oder Bond 
Basis), berechnet wie folgt: 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
ZTQ ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
J1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
J2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
T1 ist der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
T2 ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und T1 ist größer als 29, in welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im jeweiligen Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet wie folgt (30E/360 
oder Eurobond Basis): 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
ZTQ ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
J1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
J2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
T1 ist der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
T2 ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
§ 5 
(Zahlungen) 
 
[(a)] Zahlungen von Kapital. Die Zahlungen von Kapital und etwaiger zusätzlicher Beträge in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen [nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2)] [an das Clearing System 
oder dessen Order] [an die Zahlstelle] zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber [des Clearing 
Systems] [gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall von Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der die Schuldverschreibungen 
zum Zeitpunkt der Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
[Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle]. Die Zahlung von Kapital und etwaiger zusätzlicher Beträge hinsichtlich der 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt an jeden Gläubiger, der Gläubiger zum Geschäftsschluss an dem Tag, der 15 
Geschäftstage vor dem maßgeblichen Zahlungstag liegt (Berechtigungsdatum), ist. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die keine Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: 
 Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen und etwaiger zusätzlicher Beträge auf Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt [nach Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder dessen Order] [an die Zahlstelle] Gutschrift 
auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. Die Zahlung von Zinsen und etwaiger 
zusätzlicher Beträge hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt an jeden Gläubiger, der Gläubiger zum 
Geschäftsschluss am Berechtigungsdatum ist. 
[Im Fall von Zinsenzahlungen auf eine vorläufige Globalurkunde, einfügen: Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber 
des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 2 Absatz (2)(b).] 
 
Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der frei handelbaren und 
konvertierbaren Währung, die am entsprechenden Fälligkeitstag die Währung des Staates der Festgelegten 
Währung ist. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht auf Euro lauten, einfügen: 
Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass zu zahlende Beträge am betreffenden Zahltag aufgrund von Umständen, die 
außerhalb ihrer Verantwortung liegen, in frei übertragbaren und konvertierbaren Geldern für sie nicht verfügbar 
sind, oder dass die Festgelegte Währung oder eine gesetzlich eingeführte Nachfolge-Währung (die 
Nachfolge-Währung) nicht mehr für die Abwicklung von internationalen Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, 
kann die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen am jeweiligen Zahltag oder sobald wie es nach dem Zahltag 
vernünftigerweise möglich ist durch eine Zahlung in Euro auf der Grundlage des Anwendbaren Wechselkurses 
erfüllen. Die Gläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, [weitere] Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen in Bezug auf eine solche 
Zahlung zu verlangen. Der Anwendbare Wechselkurs ist (i) falls verfügbar, derjenige Wechselkurs des Euro 
zu der Festgelegten Währung oder der Nachfolge-Währung, der von der Europäischen Zentralbank für einen Tag 
festgelegt und veröffentlicht wird, der innerhalb eines angemessenen Zeitraums (gemäß Bestimmung der 
Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen) vor und so nahe wie möglich an dem Tag liegt, an dem die Zahlung geleistet 
wird, oder (ii) falls kein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist, der von der Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen 
festgelegte Wechselkurs des Euro zu der Festgelegten Währung oder der Nachfolge-Währung.] 
[(3) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an [das Clearing System oder dessen Order] 
[an die Zahlstelle] von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit.] 
[(3)][(4)] Zahltag. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen 
Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann richtet sich deren Zahlbarkeit und tatsächlicher Zahltag nach der jeweils zur 
Anwendung kommenden Geschäftstage-Konvention gemäß Absatz ([5][6]). Der Gläubiger hat keinen Anspruch 
auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Geschäftstag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist – unbeschadet der 
Bestimmungen betreffend die Zinsenlaufperiode - nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen 
aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
[[Zahltag] [Geschäftstag] im Sinne dieses § 5 bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem [das Clearing System] [falls die Festgelegte Währung EUR ist oder TARGET aus einem anderen Grund 
benötigt wird, einfügen: [sowie] das Real-time Gross Settlement System des Eurosystems oder dessen 
Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem (T2) (TARGET) betriebsbereit [ist] [sind][und Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln].] 
[[(4)][(5)][(6)]] Geschäftstage-Konvention. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann wird er

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
[bei Anwendung der folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention einfügen: auf den nachfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben.] 
[bei Anwendung der modifizierten folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention einfügen: auf den nachfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
wird der Zinsenzahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[bei Anwendung der vorangegangene Geschäftstage-Konvention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Geschäftstag.] 
[bei Anwendung der FRN-Konvention einfügen: auf den nachfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, 
jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird der Zinsenzahlungstag auf 
den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende Zinsenzahlungstag der 
jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des Monats der [Zahl einfügen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte Zeiträume einfügen] 
nach dem vorhergehenden anwendbaren Zinsenzahlungstag liegt.]] 
[Geschäftstag im Sinne dieses § 5 bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [das 
Clearing System] [falls die Festgelegte Währung EUR ist oder TARGET aus einem anderen Grund benötigt 
wird, einfügen: [sowie] das Real-time Gross Settlement System des Eurosystems oder dessen Nachfolger oder 
Ersatzsystem (T2) (TARGET) betriebsbereit [ist] [sind][und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln].] 
[(5)][(6)]) Geschäftstage-Konvention. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, dann wird er 
[bei Anwendung der folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention einfügen: auf den nachfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben.] 
[bei Anwendung der modifizierten folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention einfügen: auf den nachfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
wird der Zinsenzahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[bei Anwendung der vorangegangene Geschäftstage-Konvention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[bei Anwendung der FRN-Konvention einfügen: auf den nachfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, 
jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird der Zinsenzahlungstag auf 
den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende Zinsenzahlungstag der 
jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des Monats der [Zahl einfügen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte Zeiträume einfügen] 
nach dem vorhergehenden anwendbaren Zinsenzahlungstag liegt.] 
§ 6 
(Rückzahlung) 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Endgültigen Rückzahlungsbetrag am [im 
Fall eines festgelegten Rückzahlungstages, Rückzahlungstag einfügen] [im Fall eines Rückzahlungsmonats 
einfügen: in den [Rückzahlungsmonat und Rückzahlungsjahr einfügen] fallenden [Variablen] 
Zinsenzahlungstag (der Rückzahlungstag) zurückgezahlt. 
 
Endgültiger Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
Der Endgültige Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"[Falls eine Vorzeitige Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen aus steuerlichen Gründen möglich ist 
einfügen: 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen.  
 Falls sich die geltende steuerliche Behandlung der Schuldverschreibungen ändert, einschließlich (aber nicht 
beschränkt auf) einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und –vorschriften der 
Tschechischen Republik oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder jeder Änderung 
eines Steuerabkommens, dessen Partei die Tschechische Republik oder eine politische Unterteilung oder 
Steuerbehörde in der Tschechischen Republik ist oder einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften insbesondere durch ein Gericht, ein Schiedsgericht oder 
ein Organ der Steuerverwaltung (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an 
dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) und die Emittentin [im 
Falle einer Verpflichtung zum Steuerausgleich (gross-up) gemäß § 8 einfügen: zur Zahlung zusätzlicher 
Beträge in Bezug auf die Zinszahlungen verpflichtet sein wird aufgrund einer derartigen Änderung oder 
Ergänzung [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: 
am nächstfolgenden [Variablen] [Zinsenzahlungstag] [Festzinsenzahlungstag] (wie in § 4 definiert)] [im Fall 
von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: bei Fälligkeit oder im Fall des Handels oder Tausches einer 
Schuldverschreibung] oder] aufgrund einer solchen Änderung nicht das Recht hat, einen steuerlich 
abzugsfähigen Aufwand in voller Höhe in Bezug auf die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen zu verbuchen 
und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen vernünftiger, der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender 
Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann, kann die Emittentin unter Einhaltung einer Mitteilungsfrist von nicht mehr 
als 60 Tagen und nicht weniger als 30 Tagen durch Mitteilung gemäß § 6[[(4)](5)][(6)] jederzeit die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, zu ihrem Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
sind, einfügen: zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen] an dem in der Mitteilung für die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung angegebenen Tag zurückzahlen, vorausgesetzt 
dass die Bedingungen in § 6[(8)][(9)][(10)] erfüllt sind. 
 Eine solche Vorzeitige Rückzahlung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine 
Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu 
dem die Kündigung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
[Im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: Der für die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
festgelegte Termin muss ein [Variabler] [Kupontermin] [Festkupontermin] [Variabler] [Zinsenzahlungstag] 
[Festzinsenzahlungstag] sein.] 
 Die Erklärung einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung hat gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) zu 
erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich und muss den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin und den Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag nennen.] 
[Im Fall, dass die Emittentin ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen 
einfügen: 
[([3])][([4])] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise durch eine Mitteilung gemäß § 
6[(4)][(5)][(6)] mit einer Mitteilungsfrist von nicht mehr als [60] [●] [Geschäftstagen] [Tagen] und nicht weniger 
als 
[30] 
[●] 
[Geschäftstagen] 
[Tagen] 
[am][an 
den] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[en] 
(Call) 
[zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag] [zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen] (Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst 
etwaigen bis zum [jeweiligen] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen vorzeitig 
zurückzahlen vorausgesetzt, dass die Bedingungen in § 6[(8)][(9)][(10)] erfüllt sind. 
 [Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
zu verlangen, einfügen: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz § 6[(5)][(6)][(7)]] verlangt 
hat.] 
 Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) [sind] [ist der] [Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) einfügen] 
 [Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag] [Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträge] (Call) [ist] [sind] [[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträge] (Call)] einfügen] [für [den] [die] folgende[n] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) einfügen]]. 
Eine solche Rückzahlung muss [mindestens] [höchstens] in Höhe von [●]% des Nennbetrages der 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen.] 
 [Bei Geltung eines Mindest-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrages oder eines erhöhten Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrages, 
einfügen: Eine solche Rückzahlung muss [in Höhe des Nennbetrages von [Betrag einfügen] [mindestens 
[Mindest-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen]] [erhöhten Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) einfügen] je 
Schuldverschreibung erfolgen.] 
[(i)] 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise vorzeitig zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall der Verwahrung beim Clearing System einfügen: in

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt.][im Fall der Verwahrung 
ohne Clearing System einfügen: durch Verlosung durch einen Notar bestimmt.] 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen.  
Falls sich die aufsichtsrechtliche Einstufung der Schuldverschreibungen ändert (einschließlich aller Änderungen 
der anwendbaren Bankvorschriften, ihrer Anwendung oder Auslegung durch Gerichte oder die zuständige 
Behörde, wie unten definiert), was nach Ansicht der Emittentin wahrscheinlich dazu führt, dass die 
Verpflichtungen zur Rückzahlung des Kapitalbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen ganz oder teilweise nicht in 
den Betrag einbezogen werden können oder in Zukunft nicht einbezogen werden können, der zur Erfüllung des 
für den Mindestbetrag an Eigenmitteln und berücksichtigungsfähigen Verbindlichkeiten (minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities – MREL) der Emittentin gemäß der anwendbaren 
Vorschriften erforderlich ist, kann die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen jederzeit durch Mitteilung 
gemäß § 6[(4)][(5)][(6)] mit einer Frist von höchstens [60][[●]] [Geschäftstagen] [Tagen] und mindestens 
[30][●] [Geschäftstagen] [Tagen] im Ganzen, jedoch nicht teilweise, zum [Endgültigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] [zusammen mit (etwaigen) bis zu dem für die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen] an dem in der Mitteilung für die vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Tag zurückzahlen, vorausgesetzt dass die Bedingungen gemäß § 6[(8)][(9)][(10)] erfüllt sind. 
[(4)][(5)][(6)] Bekanntmachung der Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung. 
Jede Erklärung der Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung ist durch die Emittentin [Emissionsstelle] [Hauptzahlstelle] und] 
gegenüber den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 12 (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) bekannt 
zu geben und soll beinhalten: 
(i) 
die Bezeichnung der zurückzuzahlenden Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren Fall [den 
Gesamtnennbetrag][die Gesamtstückzahl] der zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
(iii) 
den Tag der betreffenden Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung oder – wenn anwendbar - den betreffenden 
[Wahl-][Vorzeitigen] Rückzahlungstag [(Call)]; [und 
[(iv)] im Falle einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung gemäß [§ 6(3) (Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen 
Gründen) und] § 6[(3)][(4)][(5)] (Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen) den 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag oder, wenn anwendbar – den [Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag] (Call), zu 
dem die Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen, einfügen: 
[(5)][(6)][(7)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
 Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen hat das Recht, die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise [am] [an den] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[en] [zum] [zu den] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag][beträgen] 
gemäß 
Absatz (m), 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
[jeweiligen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu verlangen, vorausgesetzt, dass die 
Bedingungen gemäß § 6[(8)][(9)][(10)] erfüllt sind. 
 Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung ihres Wahlrechts nach Absatz ([●]) dieses § 6 verlangt hat. 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach rechtswirksamer Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts 
durch den Gläubiger gemäß Absatz (n) [am] [an] den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[en] [zum] [zu den] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag][beträgen], 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e]: 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
ist 
der 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
einfügen]] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstage sind [Wahlrückzahlungstage einfügen]] 
 Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag: [Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Wahl-Rückzahlungstag einfügen] ist 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einfügen]]. 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträge 
sind 
wie 
folgt: 
[am 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstage einfügen] [Wahlrückzahlungsbeträge einfügen]] 
 Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als [Mindestmitteilungsfrist von 
mindestens 15 Geschäftstagen einfügen] Tage und nicht mehr als [Höchstmitteilungsfrist einfügen] Tage vor

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag, an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend 
definiert) erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle der [Emissionsstelle] [Hauptzahlstelle] eine 
schriftliche Mitteilung zur Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung (Ausübungserklärung) zu schicken. Falls die 
Ausübungserklärung am letzten Tag der Kündigungsfrist vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag nach 17:00 Uhr Prager 
Zeit eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) [den 
[gesamten] Nennbetrag] [die [gesamte] Stückzahl] der Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt 
wird [und][,] (ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Für die 
Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen der [Emissionsstelle] 
[Hauptzahlstelle] und der Zahlstelle[n] in deutscher und englischer Sprache erhältlich ist, verwendet werden. Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für 
welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die 
Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
[Falls Schuldverschreibungen keiner Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers unterliegen, 
einfügen 
[(5)][(6)][(7)] Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. Die Gläubiger haben kein Recht, die 
vorzeitige Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen außer Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
[(6)][(7)][(8)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
Für die Zwecke von [§ 1 (Definitionen),] [§ 6(3) (Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen) und] § 
6[(3)][(4)][(5)] (Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen), entspricht der Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung [dem Endgültigen Rückzahlungsbetrag gemäß Absatz (2) dieses 
§ 6.][anderen Betrag einfügen].] 
[Im Fall von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
[(6)][(7)][(8)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 Für die Zwecke des [§ 6(3) (Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen) und] § 
6[(3)][(4)][(5)] (Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen) dieser Bedingungen, entspricht 
der Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung dem Amortisationsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibung gemäß § 6[(6)][(7)][(8)]. 
 [Im Falle der Aufzinsung: Der Amortisationsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung (Amortisationsbetrag) 
entspricht der Summe aus: 
(i) [Referenzpreis] (der Referenzpreis), und 
(ii) dem Produkt aus der Emissionsrendite von [Emissionsrendite einfügen] (jährlich kapitalisiert) und 
dem Referenzpreis ab dem Emissionstag (einschließlich) bis zu dem vorgesehenen Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) oder (je nachdem) dem Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und rückzahlbar 
werden.] 
[Im Falle der Abzinsung: Der Amortisationsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung (Amortisationsbetrag) 
entspricht dem Nennbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung abgezinst mit der Emissionsrendite von 
[Emissionsrendite einfügen] ab dem Rückzahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zu dem Tilgungstermin 
(ausschließlich). Die Berechnung dieses Betrages erfolgt auf der Basis einer jährlichen Kapitalisierung 
der aufgelaufenen Zinsen.] 
Wenn diese Berechnung für einen Zeitraum, der nicht vollen Kalenderjahren entspricht, durchzuführen 
ist, hat sie im Fall des nicht vollständigen Jahres (der Zinsenberechnungszeitraum) auf der Grundlage 
des Zinstagequotienten (wie in § 4 definiert) zu erfolgen.  
 Falls die Emittentin den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag bei Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, wird der 
Amortisationsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung wie vorstehend beschrieben berechnet, jedoch mit der Maßgabe, 
dass die Bezugnahmen in Unterabsatz (p)(ii) auf den für die Rückzahlung vorgesehenen Rückzahlungstag oder 
den Tag, an dem diese Schuldverschreibungen fällig und rückzahlbar werden, durch den früheren der 
nachstehenden Zeitpunkte ersetzt werden: (i) der Tag, an dem die Zahlung gegen ordnungsgemäße Vorlage und 
Einreichung der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen (sofern erforderlich) erfolgt, und (ii) der vierzehnte Tag, 
nachdem die [Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) mitgeteilt 
hat, dass ihr die für die Rückzahlung erforderlichen Mittel zur Verfügung gestellt wurden.]

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
[(7)][(8)][(9)] Rundung von Rückzahlungsbeträgen. Rückzahlungsbeträge werden auf [Anzahl einfügen] 
Dezimalen nach dem Komma gerundet. 
[(8)][(9)][(10)] Bedingungen für die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung und Rückkauf. Jede Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
diesem § 6 und jeder Rückkauf gemäß § 11(2) setzt voraus, dass die Emittentin zuvor die Erlaubnis der 
Abwicklungsbehörde (oder einer anderen relevanten Aufsichtsbehörde) zur Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung und zum 
Rückkauf in Übereinstimmung mit den Artikeln 77 und 78a CRR erhalten hat, sofern und insoweit eine solche 
vorherige Erlaubnis zu diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlich ist. 
Ungeachtet der obenstehenden Bedingungen, falls zum Zeitpunkt einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung oder eines 
Rückkaufs die für die Emittentin geltenden anwendbaren Aufsichtsvorschriften die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung oder 
den Rückkauf nur nach Einhaltung von einer oder mehreren alternativen oder zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen zu 
den oben angegebenen erlaubt ist, wird die Emittentin diese (etwaigen) anderen und/oder, falls anwendbar, 
zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen erfüllen. 
Klarstellend wird festgehalten, dass eine Weigerung einer Zuständigen Behörde (oder einer anderen relevanten 
Aufsichtsbehörde), eine erforderliche Erlaubnis, Bewilligung oder andere Zustimmung zu erteilen, keinen 
Ausfall in irgendeiner Hinsicht darstellt. 
§ 7 
(Beauftragte Stellen) 
 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich bestellten Erfüllungsgehilfen (die Beauftragten 
Stellen) und deren jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie folgt: 
Emissionsstelle: 
[●] 
[andere/weitere Emissionsstelle] 
[Hauptzahlstelle][Zahlstelle]: 
[●] 
[andere/weitere Hauptzahlstelle / Zahlstelle/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle(n)] 
[Berechnungsstelle: 
[Die [Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] handelt auch als Berechnungsstelle.] 
[Als Berechnungsstelle fungiert: [Name und Adresse der Berechnungsstelle einfügen]]] 
[Sonstige Stellen: [sonstige Stellen einfügen]] 
Die oben genannten Beauftragten Stellen behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre jeweilige bezeichnete 
[Geschäftsstelle] [Geschäftsstelle der Hauptzahlstelle] [Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle] durch eine andere 
bezeichnete [Geschäftsstelle] [Geschäftsstelle der Hauptzahlstelle] [Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle] zu 
ersetzen. 
 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung einer der oben genannten Beauftragten Stellen zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere 
[Emissionsstelle] [Zahlstelle] oder zusätzliche oder andere Beauftragte Stellen im Einklang mit allen 
anwendbaren Vorschriften zu bestellen. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird 
nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger 
hierüber gemäß § [12] (Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 10 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
[(3) Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin. Jede Beauftragte Stellen handelt ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfe der 
Emittentin und übernimmt keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihr und den Gläubigern begründet.] 
[(3)][(4)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, die von einer Beauftragten Stelle für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen gemacht, abgegeben,

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin und 
alle sonstigen Beauftragten Stellen/Erfüllungsgehilfen und die Gläubiger bindend. 
§ 8 
(Steuern) 
 Als Quellensteuerstelle haftet die Emittentin und trägt die Beweislast gegenüber den Steuerbehörden in 
Bezug auf (i) die ordnungsgemäße Einbehaltung von Quellensteuern [und (gegebenenfalls) 
Steuersicherheiten], die nach dem Recht einer Steuerjurisdiktion von jeder Zahlung von Kapital, Zinsen 
oder anderen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträgen einzubehalten oder 
abzuziehen sind, sowie (ii) die Gewährung von Steuererleichterungen. Dementsprechend wird die 
Emittentin, bevor eine Steuererleichterung gewährt werden kann, verlangen, dass die Informationen 
über das wirtschaftliche Eigentum ordnungsgemäß erhoben und der Emittentin gemäß den 
Zertifizierungsverfahren übermittelt werden, es sei denn, die Emittentin verzichtet darauf in 
Übereinstimmung mit diesem § 8. 
[Im Fall von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen oder im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die keine 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, falls keine Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen:  
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen durch oder im Namen der Emittentin 
erfolgen erst nach Abzug oder Einbehalt von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben 
jeglicher Art, die durch oder im Namen der Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt oder erhoben werden (die 
Steuern), insoweit als ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Es werden keine 
zusätzlichen Beträge zur Deckung der auf diese Weise abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Beträge gezahlt. 
Die Emittentin wird über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern gegenüber den zuständigen 
staatlichen Stellen Rechenschaft ablegen.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die keine Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, falls eine 
Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen oder sonstigen Beträgen, die durch oder im Namen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen sind, erfolgen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
für oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben jeglicher Art, die von oder 
im Namen der Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt oder erhoben werden (die Steuern), es sei denn, ein solcher 
Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In einem solchen Fall wird die Emittentin in Bezug 
auf Zahlungen von Zinsen (falls zutreffend) die zusätzlichen Beträge zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit 
die von den Gläubigern nach einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug erhaltenen Nettobeträge den jeweiligen 
Zinsbeträgen entsprechen, die ihnen ansonsten in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen ohne einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug zustehen würden; mit der Ausnahme, dass keine solchen zusätzlichen 
Beträge in Bezug auf Schuldverschreibungen gezahlt werden: 
(a) 
die in der Tschechischen Republik zur Zahlung vorgelegt werden; oder  
(b) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer in Bezug auf diese Schuldverschreibung steuerpflichtig ist, 
weil er eine andere Verbindung zu der Steuerjurisdiktion hat als nachstehnd unter Buchstabe (e) 
angegeben 
(c) 
die mehr als 30 Tage nach dem Relevanten Datum (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt werden, es sei denn, der Inhaber hätte bei Vorlage an diesem dreißigsten Tag Anspruch 
auf einen zusätzlichen Betrag, wenn er die Schuldverschreibung zur Zahlung vorgelegt hätte, 
vorausgesetzt, dieser Tag wäre ein Zahltag (wie in § 5 Abs. [3][4] definiert) gewesen. 
(d) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug für oder aufgrund von Steuern in Bezug auf eine solche 
Schuldverschreibung erforderlich ist, weil die Emittentin oder eine Person im Namen der 
Emittentin nicht ordnungsgemäß wahrheitsgemäße, genaue und vollständige Informationen über 
das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder einen ähnlichen Freistellungsantrag erhalten hat, sofern solche 
Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ähnliche Freistellungsanträge im Rahmen 
des Zertifizierungsverfahrens erforderlich sind oder auferlegt werden, es sei denn, dies ist auf 
Handlungen oder Unterlassungen der Emittentin oder ihrer Erfüllungsgehilfen zurückzuführen. 
(e) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer eine in der Tschechischen Republik steuerlich ansässige 
natürliche Person ist[.] [; oder 
(f) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer eine mit der Emittentin Kapitalmäßig verbundene Person ist].

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
Für den Fall, dass die Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ein ähnlicher 
Freistellungsantrag der Emittentin nicht zu den in vorstehendem Absatz (d) genannten Bedingungen 
vorgelegt werden, wird die Emittentin (i) 35 % Quellensteuer von jeder Zinszahlung auf eine solche 
Nachrangige Schuldverschreibung einbehalten [und (ii) wenn die Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
zu einem Preis begeben werden, der unter ihrem Nennwert liegt (d.h. unter pari), 1 % Steuersicherheit von 
jeder Kapitalzahlung auf eine solche Nachrangige Schuldverschreibung], es sei denn, die Emittentin ist 
nach eigenem Ermessen davon überzeugt, dass sie über alle erforderlichen Informationen verfügt, die es 
der Emittentin ermöglichen, die Quellensteuer nicht oder zu einem niedrigeren Satz anzuwenden [oder die 
Steuersicherheit nicht anzuwenden]. Außerdem ist die Emittentin, soweit sie sämtliche für ein solches 
Vorgehen notwendigen Auskünfte eingeholt hat, ganz nach eigenem Ermessen berechtigt, die jeweiligen 
Gläubiger für die gemäß dem vorstehenden Satz in Anwendung gebrachte Quellensteuer [oder die 
Steuersicherheit] ganz oder teilweise zu entschädigen. Zum Ausschluss von Zweifeln wird festgehalten, 
dass der jeweilige Gläubiger, falls sich die Emittentin entschlossen hat, eine solche Entschädigung zu 
gewähren, seinen Erstattungsanspruch gemäß dem Schnellerstattungsverfahren bzw. dem Standard-
Erstattungsverfahren (wie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren definiert) nur für Beträge geltend machen kann, 
die über den Betrag der o.g. Entschädigung hinausgehen. 
Die Emittentin kann jederzeit durch Mitteilung an die Gläubiger gemäß § 12 auf die in diesem § 8 (2) 
genannten Bedingungen zugunsten der Wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer verzichten.  
Bezüglich einer etwa gemäß dem Standard-Erstattungsverfahren (wie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren 
definiert) gewährten Erstattung ist die Emittentin berechtigt, von der jeweiligen Zahlung eine Gebühr 
einzubehalten, die sich errechnet als Summe von (a) einem Fixbetrag i.H.v. [●] und (b) jeglichen 
Verwaltungsgebühren, Pönalen, Zinsen oder ähnlichen Kosten, die der Emittentin in Zusammenhang mit 
einer solchen Erstattung womöglich entstehen (jeweils zuzüglich der anzuwendenden Mehrwertsteuer).] 
(3) 
Vorbehaltlich des Handelns der Emittentin nach Treu und Glauben und in wirtschaftlich angemessener 
Weise gemäß § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB) und unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 Tagen, die den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 für jede derartige Festsetzung zu gewähren ist, ist 
die Emittentin berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger eine Festsetzung (jeweils eine Festsetzung) 
zu einer Bestimmung dieses § 8 vorzunehmen, um Folgendes zu berücksichtigen: 
(a) 
eine Änderung des anwendbaren tschechischen Rechts oder der tschechischen Vorschriften 
(einschließlich etwaige veröffentlichten Praktiken) in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren oder 
einer Entscheidung oder offiziellen Auslegung derselben; 
(b) 
eine von den tschechischen Steuerbehörden oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde auferlegte 
Anforderung in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; 
(c) 
eine Änderung des marktüblichen Ansatzes in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; oder 
(d) 
eine Änderung der anwendbaren Regeln oder Verfahren einer Partei bei der Durchführung der 
Zertifizierungsverfahren. 
Zur Klarstellung: Eine Festsetzung ist nicht als Änderung, Modifizierung oder Ergänzung der 
Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen anzusehen. 
(4) 
Ungeachtet gegenteiliger Bestimmungen in diesem § 8 werden keine zusätzlichen Beträge gezahlt, wenn 
ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß einer in Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 
1986 (der Code) beschriebenen Vereinbarung erforderlich ist oder anderweitig gemäß den Abschnitten 
1471 bis 1474 des Codes, etwaigen Vorschriften oder Abkommen, deren amtlicher Auslegung oder 
Gesetzen zur Umsetzung einer diesbezüglichen zwischenstaatlichen Zusammenarbeit oder einem 
Abkommen zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika und der Tschechischen Republik zur 
Umsetzung von FATCA oder einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung oder Einhaltung eines solchen Abkommens 
oder zu dessen Anpassung an ein solches Abkommen vorgeschrieben ist. 
(5)  
Im Sinne dieses Basisprospekts gilt Folgendes: 
Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer bezeichnet einen Inhaber einer Schuldverschreibung, wenn dieser Inhaber 
auch wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer (im Sinne des OECD-Musterabkommens zur Vermeidung der 
Doppelbesteuerung von Einkommen und Vermögen) in Bezug auf die auf diese Schuldverschreibung

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
gezahlten Erträge ist, oder einen Empfänger solcher Erträge, der als wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer im 
obigen Sinne gilt; 
Informationen über das wirtschaftliche Eigentum bezeichnet bestimmte Informationen und 
Unterlagen, wie sie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren festgelegt sind, insbesondere in Bezug auf die 
Identität und das Land des steuerlichen Wohnsitzes eines Empfängers einer Zins- oder Tilgungszahlung 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung (zusammen mit den entsprechenden Nachweisen), die es der 
Emittentin ermöglichen, zuverlässig festzustellen, dass ein solcher Empfänger ein Wirtschaftlicher 
Eigentümer in Bezug auf eine solche Zahlung ist und dass alle Bedingungen für die Gewährung einer 
Steuererleichterung, falls vorhanden, erfüllt sind. 
Zertifizierungsverfahren bezeichnet die von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg, eingeführten 
Verfahren zur Steuererleichtung an der Quelle und Erstattungsverfahren für die Tschechische Republik 
zur Erleichterung der Erfassung der Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum, die auf der 
Website der International Capital Market Services Association unter www.icmsa.org abrufbar sind, in 
ihrer jeweils geänderten oder ersetzten Fassung. 
[Tschechischer Steuerausländer bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nicht in der Tschechischen 
Republik steuerlich ansässig ist, entweder nach dem Einkommensteuergesetz oder nach einem 
einschlägigen Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden);] 
[Tschechischer Steueransässiger bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nach dem tschechischen 
Einkommensteuergesetz sowie nach einem einschlägigen Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden) in der 
Tschechischen Republik steuerlich ansässig ist;] 
[Einkommensteuergesetz 
bezeichnet 
das 
tschechische 
Gesetz 
Nr. 586/1992 
Slg. 
über 
Einkommenssteuern in seiner geänderten Fassung;] 
[Juristische Person bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der keine natürliche Person ist (d.h. ein Steuerzahler, 
der der Körperschaftssteuer unterliegt, aber nicht unbedingt eine Rechtspersönlichkeit hat).] 
OECD bezeichnet die Organisation für wirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit und Entwicklung (Organisation 
for Economic Co-operation and Development); 
[Kapitalmäßig verbundene Person bezeichnet jede Person (natürliche oder juristische Person), bei 
denen (i) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten einer anderen Person 
beteiligt ist oder (ii) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten mehrerer 
Personen beteiligt ist, und in beiden Fällen diese Beteiligung (direkt oder indirekt) mindestens 25 % des 
eingetragenen Kapitals oder 25 % der Stimmrechte dieser anderen Person(en) ausmacht]. 
[Relevantes Datum bezeichnet den jeweils späteren der beiden folgenden Zeitpunkte: (1) der Tag, an dem 
die betreffende Zahlung erstmals fällig wird, und (2) falls der zu zahlende Betrag nicht in voller Höhe in 
einer Stadt, in der die Banken Zugang zum TARGET System haben, bei der Zahlstelle an oder vor diesem 
Fälligkeitstag eingegangen ist, der Tag, an dem (nachdem der volle Betrag eingegangen ist) eine 
entsprechende Mitteilung an die Gläubiger erfolgt ist.] 
Steuerjurisdiktion bezeichnet die (i) Tschechische Republik oder eine ihrer politischen 
Untergliederungen oder eine Behörde davon oder darin, die zur Besteuerung befugt ist; oder (ii) jede 
andere Jurisdiktion oder eine politische Untergliederung oder eine zur Besteuerung befugten Behörde 
davon oder darin, der die von der Emittentin geleisteten Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen generell unterliegen. 
Steuererleichterung bezeichnet eine Befreiung von der Quellensteuer bzw. der Steuersicherheit, sei es 
in Form einer Befreiung oder der Anwendung eines ermäßigten Satzes. 
[Steuersicherheit beizeichnet einen besonderer Betrag, der von einer Quellensteuerstelle (z.B. vom 
Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung oder vom Käufer einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung 
steuerpflichtiger Einkünfte einbehalten wird und im Wesentlichen als Vorschuss auf die vom Empfänger

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
der betreffenden Einkünfte selbst zu erhebende Steuer dient (d.h. im Gegensatz zur Quellensteuer stellt 
der so einbehaltene Betrag im Allgemeinen keine endgültige Steuerschuld dar);] 
[Steuerabkommen bezeichnet ein gültiges und wirksames Steuerabkommen zwischen der 
Tschechischen Republik und einem anderen Land, nach dem der tschechische Steuerausländer als 
Steueransässiger des letzteren Landes behandelt wird. Im Falle Taiwans handelt es sich bei dem 
Steuerabkommen um das Gesetz Nr. 45/2020 Slg. über die Beseitigung der Doppelbesteuerung im 
Verhältnis zu Taiwan in seiner geänderten Fassung.] 
[Quellensteuer bezeichnet eine Steuer, die durch Abzug an der Quelle durch eine Quellensteuerstelle (z. 
B. durch den Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung von steuerpflichtigem Einkommen 
erhoben wird. Außer unter bestimmten begrenzten Umständen wird eine solche Steuer im Allgemeinen 
als endgültig betrachtet.] 
§ 9 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB) bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen [(i)] im Hinblick auf das Kapital auf [zehn] [andere Anzahl Jahre einfügen] [Jahre] 
[verkürzt] [unbegrenzte Zeit] [festgesetzt][.] [(ii) und im Hinblick auf die Zinsen auf [vier] [andere Anzahl 
Jahre einfügen] [Jahre] [unbegrenzte Zeit] [festgesetzt][verkürzt]]. 
§ 10 
(Änderung der Bedingungen, Gemeinsamer Vertreter)  
 
Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Gläubiger können entsprechend den Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz –SchVG) durch einen Beschluss 
mit der in Absatz (2) bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung der 
Bedingungen, vorbehaltlich der Zustimmung der Abwicklungsbehörde (oder einer anderen relevanten 
Aufsichtsbehörde), sofern und insoweit erforderlich, mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der 
nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, die benachteiligten Gläubiger 
stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. Es wird keine Änderung der Bedingungen ohne Zustimmung 
der Emittentin geben. 
 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 75% der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Bedingungen nicht geändert 
wird und die keinen Gegenstand des § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich im Wege der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung durchgeführt. Eine Gläubigerversammlung und eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche 
Versammlung durch die Emittentin findet ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
 
Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, 
falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach Maßgabe des Nennbetrags oder 
des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
[Im Fall, dass kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Bedingungen bestellt wird, einfügen: Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter) für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in den Bedingungen: Gemeinsamer Vertreter (der 
Gemeinsame Vertreter) ist [Name des Gemeinsamen Vertreters einfügen]. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter 
fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
Geltendmachung von Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. 
Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
§ 11 
(Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen, Rückkauf und Entwertung) 
[(1) Dieser Paragraph ist absichtlich frei gelassen.] 
[(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, bis zum [Datum einfügen] 
vorbehaltlich der Einhaltung aufsichtsrechtlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Vorschriften und ohne die 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleichen Bedingungen (gegebenenfalls mit 
Ausnahme des Begebungstages, des Emissionspreises und der ersten Zinsenzahlung) in der Weise zu begeben, 
dass sie mit dieser Tranche der Serie [Serie einfügen] eine einheitliche Serie bilden.] 
 Rückkauf. Vorausgesetzt, dass die Bedingungen gemäß § 6[(6)][(7)] erfüllt sind, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Die 
von der Emittentin erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder, vorbehaltlich der Erfüllung gesetzlicher Voraussetzungen, [entwertet werden] [bei der 
[Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden]. 
§ 12 
(Mitteilungen / [Keine] Börsennotiz) 
[(1) Die Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung durch das Clearing System an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am [Zahl 
des Tages einfügen] Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung [an das Clearing System] [im: [Medium einfügen]] als 
den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[(1)][(2)] [Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Notierungsbehörde, Börse und/oder durch ein 
Kursnotierungssystem zugelassen und/oder einbezogen sind und/oder deren Kurse durch sie bzw. es notiert 
werden, werden Mitteilungen im Einklang mit den Regeln und Bestimmungen einer solchen Notierungsbehörde, 
Börse 
und/oder 
eines 
solchen 
Kursnotierungssystems 
veröffentlicht 
werden. 
[Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Börse gelistet werden, werden die die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse www.luxse.com beziehungsweise auf einer 
anderen Website oder über ein anderes Publikationsmedium gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen der 
Luxemburger Börse veröffentlicht.] 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am Tag der Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt.] 
[Eine Börsennotiz ist nicht vorgesehen.] 
[[(1)][(2)][(3)] Die Emittentin wird Mitteilungen [auch] [auf deren Website unter [www.rb.cz]] [und] [in einer 
führenden Tageszeitung mit allgemeiner Verbreitung in [Luxemburg][anderes Land einfügen], voraussichtlich 
[Zeitung einfügen]] veröffentlichen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am [Zahl des Tages einfügen] Tag nach 
dem Tag der Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt.] 
[[(2)][(3)][(4)] Jede derartige Mitteilung [, außer im Fall von Absatz [(1)][(2)],] gilt bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am [Zahl des Tages einfügen] Tag nach dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung als 
wirksam erfolgt.] 
[(2)][(3)][(4)][(5)] Form der Mitteilung der Gläubiger. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache erfolgen. Der Benachrichtigung ist ein Nachweis 
beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benachrichtigung 
Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Solange Schuldverschreibungen durch eine Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, kann eine solche Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger an die [Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] über 
das Clearing System in der von der [Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] und dem Clearing System dafür 
vorgesehenen Weiseerfolgen.] 
§ 13 
(Schlussbestimmungen)  
 
Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich nach deutschem Recht.

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 Tschechiches Insolvenzrecht. Die Schuldverschreibungen unterliegen, obwohl für diese deutsches Recht 
anzuwenden ist, den Bestimmungen des tschechischen Insolvenzrechts, des tschechischen Sanierungs- und 
Abwicklungsgesetzes und allen anderen Bestimmungen des tschechischen Rechts, die auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen als Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund ihres in § 3 (Status) festgelegten Status anwendbar 
oder für diese relevant sind. 
 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen 
Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu sichern und geltend zu machen: (i) einer Bescheinigung der Depotbank, 
bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen 
und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass 
die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend 
unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält, und (ii) einer Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original ein 
vertretungsberechtigte Person von dem Clearingsystem oder einer Verwahrstelle des Clearingsystems bestätigt 
hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Nachrachingen Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden 
bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Depotgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich dem Clearingsystem. Unbeschadet der vorstehenden Bestimmungen ist jeder Gläubiger 
berechtigt, seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere im Land des Verfahrens 
zulässige Weise geltend zu machen. 
 
Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren (Rechtsstreitigkeiten) ist das Landgericht 
Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.  
 
Sprache. 
[Im Fall zweisprachiger Bedingungen und maßgeblicher deutscher Fassung einfügen:  
Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. 
Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Im Fall einsprachig deutscher Bedingungen einfügen:  
Diese Bedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[Im Fall zweisprachiger Bedingungen und maßgeblicher englischer Fassung einfügen: 
Diese Bedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. 
Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
3. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES (ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION) 
OPTION I: 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUBORDINATED NOTES 
§ 1 
(Definitions) 
Conditions means these Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes as completed. 
[If Reference Interest Rate is applicable, insert: 
Screen Page [[●]] means [REUTERS Screen Page [EURIBOR01][PRBO=] [insert Screen Page and 
additional information if necessary] or each successor page.] 
[If Reference Swap Rate is applicable, insert: 
Screen Page [[●]] means [●]] 
Clearing System means [if more than one Clearing System insert: each of]: [Clearstream Banking, S.A., 
Luxembourg, (CBL)] [,] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System (Euroclear)] [(CBL 
and Euroclear are each an ICSD (International Central Securities Depositary) and together the ICSDs)] [,] [and] 
[specify other Clearing System]. 
[Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [the Clearing System] [if the 
Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed for other reasons insert: [as well as] the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor/replacement system (T2) (TARGET)] [is][are] 
operational] [if the Specified Currency is not EUR or if needed for other reasons insert: [and] commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [all relevant financial centres].] 
[Holder means any holder of a co-ownership interest or other beneficial interest or right in the Subordinated 
Notes.] 
[If Reference Rate is applicable, insert: 
Reference Rate means a value, [which] [the performance of which] determines [the height of a/the] [floating 
interest rate(s)] [and][or][if any interest will be paid for a certain interest period][and] [or] [the maturity of the 
Notes][insert any other legal consequence] (i.e. an interest rate, a Swap Rate, an exchange rate, etc.)]  
[If the Reference Rate is an Interest Rate insert: 
Reference Interest Rate means the offered quotation for the [number]-month [EURIBOR] [PRIBOR] [insert 
other reference interest rate] which appears on the Screen Page as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] 
([insert relevant time zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day]. 
[For EURIBOR or any other Reference Rate other than PRIBOR and a compounded daily overnight 
reference rate, insert: 
If – other than in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined below) - the relevant Screen Page is not available 
or if no such quotation appears as at such time, the Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered quotation on the 
Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such offered 
quotation was displayed.] 
[For PRIBOR, insert: 
If – other than in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined below) - the relevant Screen Page is not available 
or if no such quotation appears as at such time, the Issuer or an agent appointed by it shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] 
[insert other period] for the Reference Interest Rate at approximately [11.00 a.m.] [insert relevant time] 
([insert relevant time zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day] and the Issuer or an agent appointed by it shall notify the Calculation 
Agent of all quotations received by it. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or an agent

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
appointed by it with such offered quotations, the Reference Interest Rate [for such Interest Period] shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one [thousandth] [ten thousandth] [hundred 
thousandth][insert other rounding rules] of a percentage point, with [0.0005][0.00005] [0.000005][insert 
other rounding rules] being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations[, however at least 0.00 per cent. p.a.], 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine 
other day] only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer or an agent appointed by it (as the case 
may be) with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Reference Interest Rate [for 
the relevant Interest Period] [determine other event] shall be the rate [per annum] [insert other time period] 
which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
[thousandth] [ten thousandth] [hundred thousandth] [insert other rounding rules] of a percentage point, with 
[0.0005][0.00005][0.000005][insert other rounding rules] being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to the Issuer or an agent appointed by it by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, as at [11.00 a.m.][insert relevant time] ([insert relevant time zone]) on the 
relevant [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine 
other day], deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the [insert 
financial centre] interbank market [in the Euro-Zone] [, however at least 0.00 per cent. p.a.].  
If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions the Issuer will 
determine the Reference Interest Rate [for the relevant Interest Period] [define other event] at its equitable 
discretion according to § 317 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (BGB) and also having 
regard to the operational requirements of the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent of 
any determination made by it under this Conditions. 
Reference Banks means the offices of not less than [four] [insert other number] major banks in the [relevant] 
[insert relevant financial centre] interbank market [in the Euro-Zone].] 
[For Compounded Daily SONIA, insert: 
SONIA means, in respect of any SONIA-Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight 
Index Average rate for such SONIA-Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Screen Page or, if the Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors in each case on the SONIA-Business Day immediately following such SONIA-
Business Day. 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation from the authorised distributors appears at such time, 
SONIA shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s bank rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five days on which SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding [Interest Determination 
Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine 
other day], the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date. 
Where: 
SONIA-Business Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR insert: 
SOFR means, in respect of any SOFR-Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve's website, in each case on or about 5.00 
p.m. (New York City Time) on the SOFR-Business Day immediately following such SOFR-Business Day.

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
If SOFR is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time and, (1) unless the Issuer has confirmed to 
the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, this SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day applies for which SOFR 
was published on the Screen Page; or (2) if the Issuer has confirmed to the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR 
Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) that was notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as being the rate that was 
recommended as the replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a replacement for the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other designated 
administrator), provided that, if no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as having 
been recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date, then the rate for each [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation 
Day] [determine other day] occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if (i) references to SOFR where references to OBFR, (ii) references to U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day were references to New York Business Day, (iii) references to SOFR Index Cessation Event were references 
to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references to SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date; and provided further that, if no such rate has been notified to the 
Calculation Agent by the Issuer as having been so recommended within one U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date and an OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date has 
occurred, then the rate for each [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation 
Day] [determine other day] occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if (x) references to SOFR were references to FOMC Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day were references to New York Business Day and (z) references to the Screen Page were references 
to the Federal Reserve’s Website. 
Where: 
FOMC Target Rate means, the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the Federal Reserve’s Website or, if the Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single 
rate, the midpoint of the short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the Federal Reserve’s Website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target 
range and the lower bound of the target range). 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
OBFR, means, with respect to any [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day], the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate in respect of the New York 
Business Day immediately preceding such [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day] as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the New York Fed’s Website on or about 5:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on such [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] 
[determine other day]. 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), 
ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
may no longer be used. 
OBFR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a)  a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the OBFR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b) the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide 
OBFR; or

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
(c) a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of OBFR that 
applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap transactions. 
SOFR-Business Day means any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in the state of New York and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or 
required by law or regulation to be closed. 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate), ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
SOFR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity prohibiting the use of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including 
existing swap transactions.] 
[For €STR insert: 
€STR means, in respect of any €STR-Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro shortterm rate for 
such €STR-Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank currently at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the 
ECB's Website) in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) on the €STR-Business Day 
immediately following such €STR-Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the European Central Bank publishes guidance as to (i) how 
€STR is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace €STR, the [Calculation Agent] [●] shall, subject to 
receiving written instructions from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine €STR for the purpose of the Notes for so long as €STR is not available or has not 
been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
[Calculation Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate 
which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Where: 
€STR-Business Day means any day which is a TARGET Business Day.] 
[For EURIBOR or another Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight reference rate, 
insert: 
Reference Interest Rate replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. If (i) a public statement or information 
has been published by the competent authority of the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate to the effect 
that the Reference Interest Rate has ceased to be representative or is no longer an industry accepted rate for debt 
instruments such as the Notes, or comparable instruments, (ii) a public statement or information has been 
published to the effect that the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate commences the orderly wind-down

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
of the Reference Interest Rate or ceases the calculation and publication of the Reference Interest Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the publication of such statement or information, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Interest Rate, (iii) the administrator of 
the [Euribor] [€STR®] becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceedings 
(affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority; (iv) 
the competent authority for the administrator of the [Euribor] [€STR®] withdraws or suspends the authorisation 
pursuant to Article 35 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation) or the recognition 
pursuant to Article 32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or requires the cessation of the endorsement pursuant to 
Article 33(6) of the Benchmarks Regulation, provided that, at the time of the withdrawal or suspension or the 
cessation of endorsement, there is no successor administrator that continues to provide the Reference Interest 
Rate and its administrator commences the orderly wind-down of the Reference Interest Rate or ceases to provide 
the Reference Interest Rate or certain maturities or certain currencies for which the Reference Interest Rate is 
calculated permanently or indefinitely; or (v) the Reference Interest Rate is otherwise discontinued or it becomes 
unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference Interest Rate for any other reason (each a 
Discontinuation Event), the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced, on [the] [each] [relevant Interest 
Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day(s)], by a rate 
determined or procured, as the case may be, by the Issuer (the Successor Reference Interest Rate) according 
to the following paragraphs in the order of I)-III):] 
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA® or SOFR®, insert: 
Reference Interest Rate replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent to use Reference Interest Rate, (ii) the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
ceases to calculate and publish the Reference Interest Rate permanently or for an indefinite period of time, (iii) 
the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring 
or similar proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority; or (iv) the Reference Interest Rate is otherwise being discontinued (each a Discontinuation 
Event), the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced, on [the] [each] [relevant Interest Determination Date] 
[Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day(s)], by a rate determined or 
procured, as the case may be, by the Issuer (the Successor Reference Interest Rate) according to the following 
paragraphs in the order of I)-III):] 
I) 
The Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is determined by any applicable 
law or regulation or announced by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, the competent central bank 
or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the Reference Interest Rate and the source of 
which is accessible to the Calculation Agent.  
II) The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the [Interest 
Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] and, 
subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12. [If, on any previous [Interest Determination 
Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day], the Successor Reference 
Interest Rate was also determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph I), no [other] publication 
obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with such Successor Reference Rate or any adjustments or 
changes made in relation thereto or relating to the determination of the [Rate of Interest] [or][the] [Interest 
Amount][determine other rate or amount] as set out below;] 
III) An Independent Advisor will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor reference 
rate that is most comparable to the Reference Interest Rate, provided that if the Independent Advisor determines 
that there is an industry accepted reference rate as being most comparable to the Reference Interest Rate, then 
the Independent Advisor will use such reference rate as successor reference rate (the Successor Reference Rate) 
and determine which screen page or source shall be used in connection with such Successor Reference Rate (the 
Successor Screen Page). Provided that such Successor Screen Page is accessible to the Calculation Agent, any 
reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate on 
be read as a reference to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis 
mutandis. The Independent Advisor will notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior 
to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other 
day] about such determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 12.  
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Interest Rate with a Successor Reference Interest 
Rate in accordance with the above provisions I) or II) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may specify (i) an interest adjustment factor or fraction or spread (to be added or subtracted) 
which shall be applied to the Successor Reference Interest Rate, for the purpose of achieving a result which is

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
consistent with the economic substance of the Reference Interest Rate before the Discontinuation Event occurred, 
and (ii) any further changes necessary for determining the [Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest Amount] 
[determine other rate/amount] in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Reference Interest 
Rate [(such as the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day Convention, Business Days, the Interest Determination 
Dates, the method of calculating the Interest Amount)]. Thereafter, the Issuer shall inform the Calculation Agent 
at least 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation 
Day] [determine other day] and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12 (other than in 
the case set out in paragraph I) above). 
IV) If the source of the successor rate for the Reference Interest Rate determined in accordance with the above 
provision I) or the Successor Screen Page determined in accordance with the above provision II) is not accessible 
to the Calculation Agent or if the Independent Advisor fails to determine the Successor Reference Rate at the 
latest 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] 
[determine other day] and to notify the Calculation Agent or in the event that the Issuer, having used reasonable 
endeavours, fails to appoint an Independent Advisor or the period to determine a Successor Reference Interest 
Rate according to the provisions above was not sufficient, the Issuer will decide in its reasonable discretion 
(billiges Ermessen) and not less than 3 Business Days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate 
Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] relating to the [next succeeding Interest 
Period][determine other event / day] (the Procedures Determination Date):  
[a)] that the Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered quotation for the Reference Interest Rate which appeared 
on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the relevant [Interest Determination Date] 
[Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] on which such quotations were 
offered and shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12[.] [; or 
b) redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, by giving not less than 20 days' notice in accordance with § 12, at 
the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption Amount] (as defined below pursuant to § 6), together with 
interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such early redemption, provided that the conditions 
laid down in § 6[(6)][(7)] (Conditions to Early Redemption and Repurchase) are met.  
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(ii) the Series of Notes subject to redemption;  
(iii) the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
following the Procedures Determination Date; and 
(iv) the [Final][Early] Redemption Amount. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the [Rate of Interest][Reference Interest Rate] applicable from the last 
[Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] [determine other day] prior to the redemption date until (but excluding) 
the redemption date shall be the [Rate of Interest][Reference Interest Rate] applicable to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period.]] 
Independent Advisor means an independent financial institution of international standing or an independent 
financial advisor with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.] 
[If the Reference Rate is a Swap Rate insert: 
Reference Swap Rate is [[insert number of years/months] [year][months] [insert relevant currency] Swap 
Rate and means [[●] / insert definition /Screen Page].] 
If the [[insert number of years/months] [year][month] [insert relevant currency] Swap Rate] [insert other swap 
rate] is not displayed on the Screen Page on the Interest Adjustment Determination Date, the [[insert number 
of years/months] [year][month] [insert relevant currency]Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] is equal to the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate (as defined below) on that Interest Adjustment Determination Date. 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means the percentage rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the 
[[insert number of years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] Quotations (as defined 
below) provided to the Issuer or an agent appointed by it by [five] [insert other number] leading swap dealers 
in the interbank market (the Reset Reference Banks) at the request of the Issuer or an agent appointed by it at 
approximately [insert time] ([insert time zone]), on the Interest Adjustment Determination Date. If at least 
[three] [insert other number] quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If the Reset Reference Bank Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the applicable Reset Reference Bank 
Rate shall be equal to the last [[insert number of years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap 
rate] available on the Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
[ [[insert number of years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] Quotation means 
the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg (calculated on [insert day count fraction]) of 
a [insert reference swap rate] which (i) has a term of [insert number of [years][months]] commencing on the 
Interest Adjustment Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market 
at the relevant time with an acknowledgement dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating 
interest based on the [insert reference interest rate] (calculated on an [insert day count fraction] basis).] 
[insert other definitions for Quotation]  
[Reference Swap Rate] [insert other definition for quotation] replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. 
If the Issuer determines in its reasonable discretion (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
to use the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation], or (ii) the administrator of the 
[Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] ceases to calculate and publish the [Reference 
Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] permanently or for an indefinite period of time, or (iii) the 
administrator of the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] becomes insolvent or an 
insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the 
administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority, or (iv) the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition 
for quotation] is otherwise being discontinued or otherwise ceases to be provided (each of the events in (i) 
through (iv) a Discontinuation Event), the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] shall 
be replaced, on [the] [each] [relevant Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day(s)], by a rate determined or procured, as the case may be, by the Issuer 
(the Successor Quotation Rate) according to the following paragraphs in the order of I)-III): 
I) 
The [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] shall be replaced with the reference rate, 
which is determined by any applicable law or regulation or announced by the administrator of the [Reference 
Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation], the competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory 
authority as the successor rate for the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] and the 
source of which is accessible to the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Calculation Agent 
at the latest 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation 
Day] [determine other day] and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12. [If, on any 
previous [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine 
other day], the Successor Quotation Rate was also determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph I), no [other] publication obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with such Successor 
Quotation Rate or any adjustments or changes made in relation thereto or relating to the determination of the 
[Rate of Interest] [or] [Interest Amount][determine other rate or amount] as set out below;] 
II) An Independent Advisor will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor reference 
rate that is most comparable to the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation], provided that 
if the Independent Advisor determines that there is an industry accepted reference rate as being most comparable 
to the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation], then the Independent Advisor will use 
such reference rate as successor reference rate (the Successor Reference Rate) and determine which screen page 
or source shall be used in connection with such Successor Reference Rate (the Successor Screen Page). Provided 
that such Successor Screen Page is accessible to the Calculation Agent, any reference to the Screen Page herein 
shall from the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate on be read as a reference to the 
Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Independent 
Advisor will notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination 
Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] about such 
determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12.  
Further and in addition to any replacement of the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] 
with a Successor Quotation Rate in accordance with the above provisions I) or II) the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may specify (i) an interest adjustment factor or fraction or spread 
(to be added or subtracted) which shall be applied to the Successor Quotation Rate, for the purpose of achieving 
a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition 
for quotation] before the Discontinuation Event occurred, and (ii) any further changes necessary for determining 
the [Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest Amount][determine other rate/amount] in order to follow

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
market practice in relation to the Successor Quotation Rate [(such as the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day 
Convention, Business Days, the Interest Determination Dates, the method of calculating the Interest Amount)]. 
Thereafter, the Issuer shall inform the Calculation Agent at least 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination 
Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] and, subsequently the 
Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12 (other than in the case set out in paragraph I) above). 
III) If the source of the successor rate for the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] 
determined in accordance with the above provision I) or the Successor Screen Page determined in accordance 
with the above provision II) is not accessible to the Calculation Agent or if the Independent Advisor fails to 
determine the Successor Reference Rate at the latest 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference 
Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] and to notify the Calculation Agent or in 
the event that the Issuer, having used reasonable endeavours, fails to appoint an Independent Advisor or the 
period to determine a Successor Quotation Rate according to the provisions above was not sufficient, the Issuer 
will decide in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) and not less than 3 Business Days prior to the [Interest 
Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] relating 
to the [next succeeding Interest Period][determine other event / day] (the Procedures Determination Date):  
[a)] that the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] shall be such [Reference Swap 
Rate][insert other definition for quotation] which appeared on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last 
day preceding the relevant [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation 
Day] [determine other day] on which such quotations were offered and shall thereafter inform the Holders of 
the Notes in accordance with § 12[.] [; or 
b) redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, by giving not less than 20 days' notice in accordance with § 12, at 
the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption Amount] (as defined below pursuant to § 6), together with 
interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such early redemption, provided that the conditions 
laid down in § 6[(6)][(7)] (Conditions to Early Redemption and Repurchase) are met. 
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(v) the Series of Notes subject to redemption;  
(vi) the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
following the Procedures Determination Date; and 
(vii) the [Final][Early] Redemption Amount. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the [Rate of Interest][[Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for 
quotation]] applicable from the last [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] [determine other day] prior to the 
redemption date until (but excluding) the redemption date shall be the [Rate of Interest][[Reference Swap 
Rate][insert other definition for quotation]] applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period.]] 
Independent Advisor means an independent financial institution of international standing or an independent 
financial advisor with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.] 
[TARGET Business Day means a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor/replacement system (T2) (TARGET) is operational.] 
[Interest Determination Date means the [[second] [insert other applicable number of days] 
[TARGET][,][and][insert all relevant financial centres] Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end] of 
the relevant Interest Period.] 
[first day of the relevant Interest Period.]] 
[[●] Business Day prior to [the expiry] [the Coupon Date] of the relevant Interest Period.]] 
Interest Period means the period for which interest is calculated and paid. 
§ 2 
(Currency, Denomination, Issue Date(S), Form, Custody) 
(1) Currency – Denomination - Issue Date[s]. This Series [insert number of the Series and name], [insert 
Tranche] of Subordinated Notes (the Subordinated Notes) of Raiffeisenbank a.s. (the Issuer) is being issued

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
[on [insert Issue Date] (the Issue Date][from [insert Initial Issue Date] (the Initial Issue Date) within an open 
issuance period (Open Issuance Period)] in [insert Specified Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the 
aggregate principal amount of [up to][aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount 
in words]) in the denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] (the Specified Denomination). 
(2) Form.  
(a) Bearer Form. The Subordinated Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note from the issue date, 
insert: 
(b) Permanent Global Note. The Subordinated Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the 
Permanent Global Note or the Global Note) without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be signed by 
duly authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the [Principal Paying 
Agent] [Fiscal Agent]. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note to be 
exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(c) Temporary Global Note – Exchange – Permanent Global Note. 
(i) The Subordinated Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the Temporary Global Note) 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Subordinated Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the Permanent Global Note and, together with the 
Temporary Global Note, the Global Notes and, each a Global Note) without coupons. The Temporary Global 
Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by two duly authorised signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent]. Definitive notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
(ii) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date (the Exchange 
Date) not later than 180 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. The Exchange Date for such 
exchange will not be earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange 
shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Subordinated Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U. S. person (other than certain financial 
institutions or certain persons holding Subordinated Notes through such financial institutions). Payment of 
interest on Subordinated Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such 
certifications. A separate certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such 
certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be treated 
as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph (c) of this § 2(2). Any securities 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States. For 
purposes of this subparagraph, United States means the United States of America (including the States thereof 
and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands).] 
(3) Custody – Clearing System. The Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes have been satisfied. 
[In the case that the Global Note is a CGN, insert: The Subordinated Notes are issued in Classical Global Note 
(CGN) form and are kept in custody by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[In the case that the Global Note is a NGN, insert: The Subordinated Notes are issued in new global note form 
and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper (Common Safekeeper) on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the 
records of both ICSDs from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds for its customers 
reflecting the amount of such customer's interest in the Subordinated Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
principal amount of the Subordinated Notes represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement 
issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of the Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time.  
On any redemption or payment of interest or purchase and cancellation of any of the Subordinated Notes 
represented by the Global Note details of such redemption, interest payment or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) in respect of the Global Note, shall be entered pro rata into the records of the ICSDs and, upon any

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
such entry being made, the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes reflected in the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled. [If the Subordinated Notes may be partially redeemed on the basis of an optional 
redemption right, insert: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of the exercise of an optional 
redemption relating to a partial redemption, the outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined below) will be 
reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the reasonable discretion 
of the ICSDs pursuant to § 317 BGB.] 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to issue additional 
Subordinated Notes with identical terms, so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the 
Series comprising the Subordinated Notes. The term Subordinated Notes shall, in the event of such increase, 
also comprise all additionally issued Subordinated Notes. 
§ 3 
(Status)  
(1) Status [Subordinated Notes]. The Subordinated Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Instruments (as 
defined below). The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and they constitute and shall be satisfied as subordinated obligations of the Issuer pursuant to Section 172(2) of 
the Czech Insolvency Act. 
In the event of declaration of insolvency (vydání rozhodnutí o úpadku) of the Issuer or liquidation of the 
Issuer, any claims under the Subordinated Notes (including claims on the principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes and interest on the Subordinated Notes) will rank, subject to any statutory exceptions: 
(a) junior to all present or future claims from unsecured and unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the 
Issuer, including claims from non-preferred senior instruments of the Issuer pursuant to Section 374b of the 
Czech Insolvency Act; 
(b) pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future claims from Tier 2 Instruments 
and other subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer (other than subordinated instruments or 
obligations of the Issuer which in accordance with their terms are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated 
Notes); and 
(c) senior to all present or future claims from: (i) Additional Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 52 CRR of 
the Issuer; (ii) ordinary shares and other Common Equity Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 28 CRR of the 
Issuer; and (iii) all other subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer which in accordance with their 
terms are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, claims under the Subordinated Notes will be satisfied in the ranking described in § 3 
(1) regardless of the fact whether the Subordinated Notes qualify as Tier 2 Instruments.  
Where: 
CRR means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to time, and any 
references in these Conditions to relevant Articles of the CRR include references to any applicable provisions of 
law amending or replacing such Articles from time to time. 
Czech Insolvency Act means Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its Resolution 
(Insolvency Act), as amended from time to time, and any references in these Conditions to relevant provisions of 
the Czech Insolvency Act include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such 
provisions from time to time. 
Tier 2 Instruments means any (directly or indirectly issued) capital instruments of the Issuer that qualify as 
Tier 2 instruments pursuant to Article 63 CRR, including any capital (or other) instruments that qualify as Tier 2 
items pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR. 
(2) No Set-off/Netting; No Security/Guarantee; No Enhancement of Seniority. The Subordinated Notes are 
not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in 
resolution. Claims of the Issuer are not permitted to be set-off against or netted against (which includes any 
rights from close-out netting) any payment to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
The Subordinated Notes are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement that 
enhances the seniority of the claims under the Subordinated Notes. No contractual collateral may be 
provided by the Issuer or any third person to secure the claims under the Subordinated Notes. 
(3) Possibility of statutory resolution measures. Prior to any insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, under the 
applicable banking resolution provisions, the Resolution Authority may exercise the power to write-down 
(including to zero) the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes, convert them into shares or other 
instruments of ownership of the Issuer, in each case in whole or in part, or apply any other resolution tool or 
action, including (but not limited to) any deferral or transfer of the obligations to another entity, an amendment 
of the Terms and Conditions or a cancellation of the Subordinated Notes. Any Holder’s right to a compensation 
pursuant to Section 177 of the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act, implementing Article 75 BRRD, is not 
affected by this § 3 (3). 
Where: 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and amending Council 
Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 
2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the 
European Parliament and of the Council Text with EEA relevance, as amended from time to time and any 
references in these Conditions to relevant provisions of the BRRD include references to any applicable provisions 
of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
Czech Recovery and Resolution Act means Czech Act No. 374/2015 Coll., on Recovery and Resolution in the 
Financial Market, as amended from time to time and any references in these Conditions to relevant provisions 
of the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or 
replacing such provisions from time to time. 
Resolution Authority means the resolution authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(130) CRR which is responsible 
for recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an individual and/or consolidated basis. 
(4) In the event of declaration of insolvency of the Issuer, the claims under the Notes that may be issued under 
this debt issuance programme of the Issuer from time to time will be satisfied, according to their status specified 
in the Conditions, in the following mutual ranking (in descending order from obligations satisfied preferentially): 
(a) claims under Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes; 
(b) claims under Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes; and 
(c) claims under Subordinated Notes. 
If any statutory resolution measures consisting in a write-down or conversion of the Notes are exercised, the 
claims associated with the relevant Notes will be written-down or converted in inverse ranking to the ranking in 
which these claims will be satisfied in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency. 
§ 4 
(Interest) 
[In case of Subordinated Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
(1) Rate of Interest, Interest Period[s]. 
(a) The Subordinated Notes shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their 
principal amount during the Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert date] (the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1)]. 
[An][The] Interest Period is respectively from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date][Maturity Date] [and thereafter from (and including) each 
[in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period 
insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the 
next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: next 
following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date].]

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) The rate of interest is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum] [insert other period]. 
(2) Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
in arrear. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] in each year (each such date a Coupon 
Date) and always remain unadjusted.] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the Coupon Date) and it 
remains unadjusted.]  
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert last 
Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. This may 
fall on a Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls on a day which 
is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
(Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of [short] [long] Interest Periods insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] [extended]; 
[first Coupon Date is: [●] [last Coupon Date is: [●].] 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of less than a 
full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below).] 
[In case of Subordinated Step-Up/Step-Down Fixed Rate Notes insert:  
(4) Rate of Interest, Interest Periods. The Subordinated Notes shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear based on their principal amount from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement 
Date] (the Interest Commencement Date) for 
− 
the first [insert number if necessary] Interest Period[s], [last Coupon Date in this regard is [insert Date]] 
[last Interest Payment Date in this regard is in [insert month/year]], with an interest rate of [insert Rate of 
Interest] per cent. [per annum] [insert other period] [[and][,]. 
− 
[insert provisions for further Interest Periods: 
[●]] 
− 
the [last] [insert number if necessary] Interest Period[s], [last Coupon Date in this regard is [insert Date]] 
[last Interest Payment Date in this regard is in [insert month/year], with an interest rate of [insert Rate of 
Interest] per cent. [per annum] [insert other period]. 
An Interest Period is respectively from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
[in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: first Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest 
Period insert: first Interest Payment Date] and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment 
of Interest Period insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Interest Payment 
Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following Coupon 
Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: next following Interest Payment 
Date or the Maturity Date]. 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(5) Coupon Dates, Interest Payment Dates. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in 
arrear. Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] in each year (each such date an Coupon 
Date) and always remain unadjusted.  
The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert last 
Coupon Date]. 
The payment of interest shall be made on the relevant Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. This may 
fall on the Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls on a day which 
is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
(Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of [short] [long] Interest Period, insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] [extended]; 
[first Coupon Date is: [insert first Coupon Date] [last Coupon Date is: [insert last Coupon Date].] 
(6) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of less than a 
full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below).] 
[In case of Subordinated Fixed Rate Notes with Coupon-Reset, insert: 
(7) Rate of Interest, Interest Period[s]. 
(a) The Subordinated Notes shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their 
principal amount during the Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert date] (the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1)]. 
[An][The] Interest Period is respectively from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date][Maturity Date] [and thereafter from (and including) each 
[in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period 
insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the 
next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: next 
following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date].] 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) The rate of interest in respect of each Interest Period until the redemption date (excluding) is [insert Rate 
of Interest] per cent. [per annum] [insert other period] and in respect of each Interest Period from the 
redemption date (including) up to the Maturity Date (excluding) is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
which is equal to the sum of (i) the [insert swap rate] which appears on the Screen Page as of the [Observation 
Day] and (ii) [insert Reset fixed interest rate] per cent. 
(8) Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
in arrear. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] in each year (each such date a Coupon 
Date) and always remain unadjusted.] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the Coupon Date) and it 
remains unadjusted.]  
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert last 
Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. This may 
fall on a Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls on a day which 
is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
(Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of [short] [long] Interest Periods insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] [extended]; 
[first Coupon Date is: [●] [last Coupon Date is: [●].] 
(9) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of less than a 
full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below).] 
[In case of Subordinated Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
(10) Interest Period[s], Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s].

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
(a) The Subordinated Notes shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their 
principal amount during the Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [last] 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1)].  
[An][The] Interest Period is [respectively] from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [and thereafter from (and including) 
each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest 
Period insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: 
the next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: the 
next following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date].] 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) Coupon Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear. [Coupon Dates 
are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] (each such date a Coupon Date) and always remain 
unadjusted.] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the Coupon Date) and it remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert last 
Coupon Date].] 
(c) Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest 
Payment Date. 
Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. This may 
fall on the Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls on a day which 
is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
(Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of [short] [long] Interest Period insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] [extended]; 
[first Coupon Date is: [insert first Coupon Date] [(First Coupon Date)]] [last Coupon Date is: [insert last 
Coupon Date] [(Last Coupon Date)]].] 
[Options for various Reference Rates regarding the rate of interest: 
[In case the rate of interest shall be calculated on the basis of a Reference Interest Rate, insert: 
(11) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) for [the][each] Interest Period will, except as 
provided below, be  
[For EURIBOR or another Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight reference rate, 
insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate [, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00 per cent. p.a., a 
Reference Interest Rate of 0.00 per cent. p.a. will be applied,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, 
multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] 
[insert other time period]. 
[For Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily €STR or another 
compounded daily overnight reference rate, insert: 
the Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] calculated on a compounded basis for the 
relevant Interest Period in accordance with the formula below on the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference 
Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] (as defined below) [,whereby a 
Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] of 0.00 per cent. p.a. will be applied, should 
such Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] be below 0.00 per cent. p.a.,] [in case of 
multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case 
of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed 
as a percentage rate [per annum] [insert other time period].

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
The Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant [Interest 
Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
Applicable Period means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation Method is 
observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
BD means a [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day. 
D means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days in such 
Applicable Period. 
i means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
ni for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day i up to but excluding the following [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business 
Day. 
Observation Method means [lag][observation shift]. 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable). 
p means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days (provided that 
p shall not be less than five [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-] Business Days without the prior written agreement of 
the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days). 
r means: 
[where SONIA is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate, in respect of any SONIA-Business Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of such SONIA-Business Day.] 
[where SOFR is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate in respect of any SOFR-Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such SOFR-Business Day.] 
[where €STR is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate, in respect of any €STR-Business Day, the 
€STR in respect of such €STR-Business Day.] 
r(i-pBD) means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of r above for, [where lag is specified as 
the Observation Method: the [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day (being a [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-
]Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days 
prior to the relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day i.][otherwise: the relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-
][€STR-]Business Day i.]]

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
[In the case of [short] [long] first Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the First Coupon Date (the Interpolated Interest 
Period), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between the available 
reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and the available 
reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of [short] [long] last Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Last Coupon Date (the Interpolated Interest 
Period), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between the available 
reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and the available 
reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period.)] 
[Factor means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] as 
[+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
[Margin corresponds to a surcharge or disagio in percentage points and has been determined [for the [first] [●] 
Interest Period] as [●] [for the [●] Interest Period] as [●]] [insert further].] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for floating interest: 
[(3)] [In case a minimum rate of interest applies insert: Minimum Rate of Interest: If the Rate of Interest in 
respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above provisions is less 
than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert minimum 
rate of interest] (Floor).] 
[In case a maximum rate of interest applies insert: Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater than 
[insert maximum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert maximum rate 
of interest] (Cap).] 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the 
Interest Amount) payable on the Subordinated Notes for the relevant Interest Period. The relevant Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to 
[the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated Notes] [the Specified Denomination] and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded 
upwards. 
[(●)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest[, each Interest Amount] for each Interest Period, [and] each 
Interest Period [and the relevant Interest Payment Date] to be notified to the Issuer[,] [the Clearing System] [any 
Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are from 
time to time listed, to such stock exchange] as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later 
than [the second] [[●] Business Day prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest Period] [first day of the 
relevant Interest Period] [insert other time], and 
(ii) to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) 
hereof.  
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of the 
stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.]

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
Each Interest Amount and each Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the Issuer [, the Clearing System,] [any 
stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are then listed], [any Paying Agent] and to the Holders in 
accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).]] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest[, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period,] [and] each 
Interest Period [and the relevant Interest Payment Date]  
[(i) to be notified to the Issuer, [the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the [[●] Business Day prior to the expiry of the 
[relevant] Interest Period] [[the second] [●] Business Day prior to the [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] of 
the [relevant] Interest Period] [insert other time], and] 
[(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer [, the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] on the 
day which is two (2) Business Days after the end of the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate 
Determination Date] [Observation Day] [specify other date], and] 
(iii) to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) 
hereof. 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of the 
stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.] 
[In case of Subordinated Notes with Fixed to [Fixed to] Floating interest rates, insert: 
(12) Fixed Interest.  
(a) Rate of Interest, Fixed Interest Period[s], Interest Exchange Day. The Subordinated Notes shall bear interest 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their principal amount during the Fixed Interest 
Period[s] from (and including) [insert date] (the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the [in case 
of no adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [first] [●] [last] Fixed Coupon Date] [, i.e. [insert date]] [in 
case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [first] [●] [last] Fixed Interest Payment Date] (the Fixed 
Interest Rate Period). 
[A][The] Fixed Interest Period is [respectively] from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] [Fixed Coupon Date] [or] [Interest 
Exchange Day]] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [first] [Fixed Interest Payment Date] 
[[or] [Interest Exchange Day]] [and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Fixed 
Interest Period insert: Fixed Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: Fixed 
Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: the 
next following Fixed Coupon Date or Interest Exchange Day, as the case may be] [in case of an adjustment of 
Fixed Interest Period insert: next following Fixed Interest Payment Date or Interest Exchange Day, as the case 
may be]. 
Interest Exchange Day means [the [last] Fixed Coupon Date,] i.e. [insert date]] [the Fixed Interest Payment 
Date relating to the [last] Fixed Coupon Date [i.e. [insert [last] Fixed Coupon Date]]. 
The Fixed Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
[In case of one interest rate for the entire Fixed Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate of interest for the Fixed 
Interest Rate Period is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum] [insert other period] (the Fixed Interest 
Rate).] 
[In case of several interest rates during the Fixed Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate[s] of interest during the 
Fixed Interest Rate Period [is][are] for the [first] Fixed Interest Period [from the Interest Commencement Date 
to the [first][Fixed Coupon Date][Fixed Interest Payment Date] [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum] 
[,][and] [for the [n-th] Fixed Interest Period from the [insert relevant Fixed Coupon Date][insert relevant Fixed

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
Interest Payment Date] to the [insert relevant Fixed Coupon Date][insert relevant Fixed Interest Payment 
Date] [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum]] [,][and] [insert further/other period] (the relevant Fixed 
Interest Rate[s]).]  
(b) Fixed Coupon Date[s], Fixed Interest Payment Date[s]. Fixed interest shall be payable in arrear. [Fixed 
Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Fixed Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] (each such date a Fixed 
Coupon Date) and remain always unadjusted.] [Fixed Coupon Date is on [insert Fixed Coupon Date] (the 
Fixed Coupon Date) and it remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Fixed Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Fixed Coupon Date]. The last Fixed Coupon Date [insert 
last Fixed Coupon Date].] 
Fixed interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be payable on [each][the] Fixed Interest Payment Date. 
Fixed Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the fixed interest is in fact due and payable. 
This may fall on a Fixed Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Fixed Coupon Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out in § 
5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of [short] [long] Fixed Interest Period insert: [The [first] [last] Fixed Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended]; [first Fixed Coupon Date is: [insert first Fixed Coupon Date] [last Fixed Coupon Date is: [insert 
last Fixed Coupon Date]] 
(c) Calculation of Fixed Interest for Partial Periods. If fixed interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
(13) Floating Interest. 
(a) Rate of Interest, Floating Interest Period[s], Floating Interest Payment Date[s]. The Subordinated Notes 
shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their principal amount during the 
Floating Interest Period[s] from (and including) the Interest Exchange Day to (but excluding) the [in case of no 
adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [last] Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of 
Floating Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1)]. 
[A][The] Floating Interest Period is [respectively] from (and including) the Interest Exchange Day to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating Coupon Date] [in 
case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] 
[and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: Floating 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: Floating Interest Payment Date] to 
(but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: the next following Floating 
Coupon Date or last Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: the 
next following Floating Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Floating Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) Floating Coupon Date[s]. Floating interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear. 
[Floating Coupon Dates are in each case on [insert floating coupon dates] [in each year] (each such date a 
Floating Coupon Date) and always remain unadjusted.] 
[Floating Coupon Date is the [insert floating coupon date] and it always remains unadjusted.]  
[The first Floating Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Floating Coupon Date]. The last Floating Coupon Date 
shall be on [insert last Floating Coupon Date].] 
(c) Floating Interest Payment Date[s].  
Interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be payable on [each][the] Floating Interest Payment Date.  
Floating Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the floating interest is in fact due and 
payable. This may fall on the Floating Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the 
Floating Coupon Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day based on the application of the adjustment 
provision as set out in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Business Day Convention).

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
[In the case of [short] [long] Floating Interest Periods insert: [The [first] [last] Floating Interest Period is 
[shortened] [extended]; [first Floating Coupon Date is: [insert first Floating Coupon Date] [(First Coupon 
Date)]] [last Floating Coupon Date is: [insert last Floating Coupon Date] [(Last Coupon Date)]].] 
[Options for various Reference Rates regarding the floating rate of interest: 
[In case the floating rate of interest shall be calculated on the basis of a Reference Interest Rate, insert: 
(d) Floating Rate of Interest. The floating rate of interest (the Floating Rate of Interest) for [the][each] Floating 
Interest Period will, except as provided below, be  
[For EURIBOR or another Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight reference rate, 
insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate [, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00 per cent. p.a., a 
Reference Interest Rate of 0.00 per cent. p.a. will be applied,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, 
multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] 
[insert other time period]. 
[For Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily €STR or another 
compounded daily overnight reference rate, insert: 
the Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] calculated on a compounded basis for the 
relevant Interest Period in accordance with the formula below on the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference 
Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] (as defined below) [,whereby a 
Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] of 0.00 per cent. p.a. will be applied, should 
such Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] be below 0.00 per cent. p.a.,] [in case of 
multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case 
of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed 
as a percentage rate [per annum] [insert other time period]. 
The Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant [Interest 
Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
Applicable Period means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation Method is 
observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
BD means a [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day. 
D means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days in such 
Applicable Period. 
i means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day in such Applicable Period.

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
ni for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day i up to but excluding the following [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business 
Day. 
Observation Method means [lag][observation shift]. 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable). 
p means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days (provided that 
p shall not be less than five [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-] Business Days without the prior written agreement of 
the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days). 
r means: 
[where SONIA is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate, in respect of any SONIA-Business Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of such SONIA-Business Day.] 
[where SOFR is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate in respect of any SOFR-Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such SOFR-Business Day.] 
[where €STR is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate, in respect of any €STR-Business Day, the 
€STR in respect of such €STR-Business Day.] 
r(i-pBD) means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of r above for, [where lag is specified as 
the Observation Method: the [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day (being a [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-
]Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days 
prior to the relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day i.][otherwise: the relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-
][€STR-]Business Day i.]] 
[In the case of [short] [long] first Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the First Floating Coupon Date (the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear 
interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the 
term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of [short] [long] last Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the Last Floating Coupon Date (the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear 
interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the 
term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[Factor means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] as 
[+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
[Margin corresponds to a surcharge or disagio in percentage points and has been determined [for the [first] [●] 
Interest Period] as [●] [for the [●] Interest Period] as [●]] [insert further].] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for floating interest: 
[(3)] [In case a minimum rate of interest applies insert: Minimum Rate of Interest: If the Floating Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Floating Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Floating Interest Period 
shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] (Floor).]

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
[In case a maximum rate of interest applies insert: Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Floating Rate of Interest 
in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Floating Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Floating Interest 
Period shall be [insert maximum rate of interest] (Cap).] 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after [the][each] time at 
which the Floating Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Floating Rate of Interest and calculate the 
amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Subordinated Notes for the relevant Floating Interest 
Period. The relevant Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Floating Rate of Interest and the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined below) to [the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated Notes] 
[the Specified Denomination] and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, 
with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards. 
[(●)] Notification of Floating Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest[, each Interest Amount for each Floating Interest 
Period,] [and] each Floating Interest Period [and the relevant Floating Interest Payment Date] 
(i) to be notified to the Issuer[,] [the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than [the second] [●] Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the [relevant] Floating Interest Period] [first day of the [relevant] Floating Interest Period] 
[insert other time], and 
(i) to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) 
hereof. 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of the 
stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.] 
Each Interest Amount and each Floating Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Floating Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the Issuer [, the 
Clearing System,] [any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are then listed], [any Paying Agent] 
and to the Holders in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).]] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest[, each Interest Amount for each Floating Interest 
Period,] [and] each Floating Interest Period [and the relevant Floating Interest Payment Date] 
[(i) to be notified to the Issuer, [the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than on the [[●] Business Day prior to the expiry of the 
[relevant] Floating Interest Period] [[the second] [●] Business Day prior to the Floating [Coupon Date] [Interest 
Payment Date] of the [relevant] Floating Interest Period] [insert other time], and] 
[(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer [, the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] on the 
day which is two (2) Business Days after the end of the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate 
Determination Date] [Observation Day] [specify other date], and] 
(ii) to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) 
hereof. 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of the 
stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.] 
[In case of Subordinated Notes with Floating to Fixed interest rates, insert:

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
(14) Floating Interest.  
(a) Floating Rate of Interest, Floating Interest Period[s], Interest Exchange Day. The Subordinated Notes shall 
bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their principal amount during the Floating 
Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [last] Floating Coupon 
Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [last] Floating Interest Payment Date]. 
[A][The] Floating Interest Period is [respectively] from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating Coupon Date] 
[in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating Interest Payment Date] [and 
thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: Floating 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: Floating Interest Payment Date] to 
(but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: the next following Floating 
Coupon Date or the Interest Exchange Day] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: the 
next following Floating Interest Payment Date or the Interest Exchange Day]. 
Interest Exchange Day means [insert last Floating Coupon Date] [the Floating Interest Payment Date relating 
to the Floating Coupon Date [insert last Floating Coupon Date]]. 
The Floating Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) Floating Coupon Dates. Floating interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear. 
[Floating Coupon Dates are in each case on [insert floating coupon dates] [in each year] (each such date a 
Floating Coupon Date) and always remain unadjusted.] [Floating Coupon Date is the [insert floating coupon 
date] and it always remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Floating Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Floating Coupon Date]. The last Floating Coupon Date 
shall be on [insert last Floating Coupon Date].] 
(c) Floating Interest Payment Date[s]. 
Interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be payable on [each][the] Floating Interest Payment Date. Floating 
Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the floating interest is in fact due and payable. This 
may fall on the Floating Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Floating Coupon 
Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out 
in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of [short] [long] Floating Interest Periods insert: [The [first] [last] Floating Interest Period is 
[shortened] [extended]; [first Floating Coupon Date is: [insert first Floating Coupon Date] [(First Floating 
Coupon Date)]] [last Floating Coupon Date is: [insert last Floating Coupon Date] [(Last Floating Coupon 
Date)]].] 
[Options for various Reference Rates regarding the floating rate of interest: 
[In case the floating rate of interest shall be calculated on the basis of a Reference Interest Rate, insert: 
(d) Floating Rate of Interest. The floating rate of interest (the Floating Rate of Interest) for [the][each] Floating 
Interest Period will, except as provided below, be  
[For EURIBOR or another Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight reference rate, 
insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate [, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00 per cent. p.a., a 
Reference Interest Rate of 0.00 per cent. p.a. will be applied,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, 
multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] 
[insert other time period]. 
[For Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily €STR or another 
compounded daily overnight reference rate, insert:

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
the Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] calculated on a compounded basis for the 
relevant Interest Period in accordance with the formula below on the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference 
Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] (as defined below) [,whereby a 
Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] of 0.00 per cent. p.a. will be applied, should 
such Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] be below 0.00 per cent. p.a.,] [in case of 
multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case 
of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed 
as a percentage rate [per annum] [insert other time period]. 
The Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant [Interest 
Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
Applicable Period means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation Method is 
observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
BD means a [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day. 
D means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days in such 
Applicable Period. 
i means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
ni for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day i up to but excluding the following [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business 
Day. 
Observation Method means [lag][observation shift]. 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable). 
p means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days (provided that 
p shall not be less than five [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days without the prior written agreement of the 
Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days). 
r means: 
[where SONIA is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate, in respect of any SONIA-Business Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of such SONIA-Business Day.]

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
[where SOFR is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate in respect of any SOFR-Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such SOFR-Business Day.] 
[where €STR is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate, in respect of any €STR-Business Day, the 
€STR in respect of such €STR-Business Day.] 
r(i-pBD) means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of r above for, [where lag is specified as 
the Observation Method: the [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day (being a [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-
]Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days 
prior to the relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day i.][otherwise: the relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-
][€STR-]Business Day i.]] 
[In the case of [short] [long] first Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the First Floating Coupon Date (the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear 
interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the 
term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of [short] [long] last Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the Last Floating Coupon Date (the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear 
interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the 
term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[Factor means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] as 
[+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
[Margin corresponds to a surcharge or disagio in percentage points and has been determined [for the [first] [●] 
Interest Period] as [●] [for the [●] Interest Period] as [●]] [insert further].] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for floating interest: 
[In case minimum rate of interest applies insert: Minimum Rate of Interest. If the Floating Rate of Interest in 
respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Floating Interest Period determined in accordance with the above provisions 
is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Floating Rate of Interest for such Floating Interest Period 
shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] per cent. per annum (Floor).] 
[In case maximum rate of interest applies insert: Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Floating Rate of Interest in 
respect of any [the first] [the [●]] [any] Floating Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Floating Rate of Interest for such Floating 
Interest Period shall be [insert maximum rate of interest] per cent. per annum (Cap).] 
[(e)] Floating Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Floating Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Floating Rate of Interest and calculate the amount 
of interest (the Floating Interest Amount) payable on the Subordinated Notes for the relevant Floating Interest 
Period. The relevant Floating Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Floating Rate of Interest and 
the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the [aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated Notes] 
[Specified Denomination] and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 
0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards. 
[(f)] Notification of Floating Rate of Interest and Floating Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest[, each Interest Amount for each Floating Interest 
Period,] [and] each Floating Interest Period [and the relevant Floating Interest Payment Date]

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
(i) to be notified to the Issuer[,] [the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than [the second] [●] Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the [relevant] Floating Interest Period] [first day of the [relevant] Floating Interest Period] 
[insert other time], and 
(ii) to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) 
hereof. 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of the 
stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.] 
Each Interest Amount and each Floating Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Floating Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the Issuer [, the 
Clearing System,] [any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are then listed], [any Paying Agent] 
and to the Holders in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).]] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest[, each Interest Amount for each Floating Interest 
Period,] [and] each Floating Interest Period [and the relevant Floating Interest Payment Date] 
[(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, [the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] as 
soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later than [●] Business Day prior to the expiry of the 
[relevant] Floating Interest Period] [the second] [●] Business Day prior to the Floating [Coupon Date] [Interest 
Payment Date] of the [relevant] Floating Interest Period] [insert other time], and] 
[(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer [, the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] on 
the day which is two (2) Business Days after the end of the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate 
Determination Date] [Observation Day] [specify other date], and] 
(ii) to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) 
hereof. 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of the 
stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.] 
(15) Fixed Interest 
(a) Rate of Interest, Fixed Interest Period[s]. The Subordinated Notes shall bear interest [annually] 
[semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their principal amount during the Fixed Interest Period[s] from 
(and including) the Interest Exchange Day to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Fixed Interest 
Period insert: [last] Fixed Coupon date] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: Maturity 
Date (as defined in § 6(1)] (the Fixed Interest Rate Period). 
[A][The] Fixed Interest Period is respectively from (and including) the Interest Exchange Day to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [first] Fixed Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [first] Fixed Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [and 
thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: Fixed Coupon 
Date] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: Fixed Interest Payment Date] to (but each 
excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: the next following Fixed Coupon Date or 
last Fixed Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: last Fixed Interest Payment 
Date or Maturity Date]]. 
The Fixed Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
[In case of one interest rate for the entire Fixed Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate of interest for the Fixed 
Interest Rate Period is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum] [insert other period] (the Fixed Interest 
Rate).]

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
[In case of several interest rates during the Fixed Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate[s] of interest during the 
Fixed Interest Rate Period [is][are] for the [first] Fixed Interest Period [from the Interest Exchange Day to the 
[first][Fixed Coupon Date][Fixed Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per 
annum] [,][and] [for the [n-th] Fixed Interest Period from the [insert relevant Fixed Coupon Date][insert 
relevant Fixed Interest Payment Date] to the [insert relevant Fixed Coupon Date][insert relevant Fixed 
Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum]] [,][and] [insert 
further/other period] (the relevant Fixed Interest Rate[s]).]  
(b) Fixed Coupon Date[s], Fixed Interest Payment Date[s]. Fixed interest shall be payable in arrear. [Fixed 
Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Fixed Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] (each such date a Fixed 
Coupon Date) and always remain unadjusted.] [Fixed Coupon Date is on [insert Fixed Coupon Date] (the 
Fixed Coupon Date) and it remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Fixed Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Fixed Coupon Date]. The last Fixed Coupon Date [insert 
last Fixed Coupon Date].] 
Fixed interest shall be payable on [the] [each] Fixed Interest Payment Date. 
Fixed Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the fixed interest is in fact due and payable. 
This may fall on the Fixed Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Fixed Coupon 
Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out 
in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of [short] [long] Fixed Interest Period insert: [The [first] [last] Fixed Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended]; [first Fixed Coupon Date is: [insert first Fixed Coupon Date] [last Fixed Coupon Date is: [insert 
last Fixed Coupon Date].] 
(c) Calculation of Fixed Interest for Partial Periods. If fixed interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below).] 
[In case of Subordinated Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
(16) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will not be any periodic payments of interest on the Subordinated 
Notes. The Amortisation Yield[s] [is] [are] [insert Amortisation Yield] 
[In the case of different Amortisation Yields for individual Interest Periods, set forth applicable provisions 
(including fallback provisions) herein]] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for interest: 
[(●)] Accrual of Interest and Default Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the Subordinated Notes when due, 
interest shall accrue on the [principal amount][redemption amount] of the Subordinated Notes from (and 
including) the due date to (but excluding) the date of actual redemption of the Subordinated Notes at the default 
rate of interest established by law.13 
[(●)] Day Count Fraction. Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Subordinated Note for any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined below) during 
which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation Period will be the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(b) if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the Calculation Period will 
be the sum of:  
 
13  According to paragraphs 288(1) and 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (BGB), the default rate of interest 
established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank semi-annually.

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
(i) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which the Calculation 
Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year][; and 
(ii) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by [the 
product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year].] 
Where: 
Determination Period means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is 
normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any year to but excluding the next 
[insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the 
alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365) (Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the relevant Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated as follows: (30/360, 360/360 
or Bond Basis): 
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Where: 
DCF means Day Count Fraction; 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless that number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless that number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30.] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the relevant Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated as follows (30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis): 
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Where:

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
DCF means Day Count Fraction; 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless that number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.] 
§ 5 
(Payments) 
(1) [(a)] Payment of Principal. Payment of principal and any additional amounts in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes shall be made[, subject to subparagraph (2) below,] to [the Clearing System or to its order] [the Paying 
Agent] for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders [of the Clearing System] [upon presentation and 
(except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the Global Note representing the Subordinated Notes at the 
time of payment at the specified office of the [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent]]. Payment of principal and 
any additional amounts in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall only be made to each Holder that was a Holder 
at the close of business on the date being 15 Business Days prior to the relevant payment date (the Entitlement 
Date). 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes other than Subordinated Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes and any additional amounts shall be 
made[, subject to subparagraph (2), to [the Clearing System or to its order] [Paying Agent] for credit to the 
relevant account holders [of the Clearing System]. Payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be made 
to each Holder that was a Holder at the close of business on the relevant Entitlement Date. 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary Global Note, insert: Payment of interest on Subordinated Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as provided 
in §2.] 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall be made in the freely negotiable and convertible currency which on 
the respective due date is the currency of the country of the Specified Currency. 
[(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to[, or to the order of, the Clearing System] [the 
Paying Agent].] 
[(3)][(4)] Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Subordinated Note is 
not a Payment Business Day, then the payability and actual payment date depend on the Business Day 
Convention as applicable according to subparagraph ([4][5][6]). The Holder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next such day in the relevant place. Irrespective of the provisions regarding the Interest Period, the Holder 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
[[Payment] Business Day in this § 5 means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [the Clearing 
System] [if the Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed for other reasons insert: [as well as] the real 
time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor/replacement system (T2) (TARGET)] 
[is][are] operational][and] [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all 
relevant financial centres].] 
[([4][5][6])] Business Day Convention. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Subordinated 
Notes would fall on a day which is not a Payment Business Day, it shall be

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
[if Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day. 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if FRN Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date.]] 
§ 6 
(Redemption) 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the 
Subordinated Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [in case of a specified Maturity 
Date, insert such Maturity Date] [in case of a Redemption Month, insert: the [Floating] Interest Payment Date 
falling in [insert Redemption Month and Redemption Year]] (the Maturity Date). 
(2) Final Redemption Amount: 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Subordinated Note shall be equal to its principal amount. 
(3) No Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder. 
The Holders do not have a right to demand the Early Redemption of the Subordinated Notes. 
(4) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation.  
The Issuer may call the Subordinated Notes for redemption at any time, in whole but not in part, upon giving not 
more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice in accordance with § 6([(7)][(8)]), and redeem the 
Subordinated Notes early at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined below), [together with interest (if any) 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for Early Redemption] on the date fixed for Early Redemption, if there 
is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes (including any change of laws or regulations 
of the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein, any change of any tax 
treaty whose party is the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein, or 
any change to the application or interpretation of the legal regulations or treaties, in particular by a court, 
arbitration tribunal or a tax administration body), and the Issuer [in case a tax gross-up obligation applies 
pursuant to § 8, insert: is required pursuant to any such change to pay additional amounts with respect to 
payments of interest [in case of Subordinated Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, insert: on the immediately 
succeeding [Floating] [Fixed] Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 4)] [in case of Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
at maturity or upon the sale or exchange of any Note]; or] does not have pursuant to any such change the right 
to book a tax-deductible expense in the full amount in relation to the Subordinated Notes, and this obligation 
cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer and provided that the conditions laid 
down in § 6([(6)][(7)] (Conditions to Early Redemption and Repurchase) are met. 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(5) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may call the Subordinated Notes for Early Redemption, in whole but not in part, upon giving not 
more than [60] [insert other number] [Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30] [insert other number] 
[Business Days'] [days'] prior notice in accordance with § 6[(7)][(8)] effective [as of the [respective] Call 
Redemption Date (as defined below)][on a [Business Day][day] at the option of the Issuer], and redeem the 
Subordinated Notes early at the [respective] Call Redemption Amount [together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the [relevant] Call Redemption Date] on [the [respective] Call Redemption Date][each [Business 
Day][day]], provided that the conditions laid down in § 6([(6)][(7)] (Conditions to Early Redemption and 
Repurchase) are met.]

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
[In case that the Notes shall be redeemed on a certain [Business Day] [day], insert: Call Redemption Date[s] 
[is the following date:] [are the following dates:] [insert specific Call Redemption Date[s]] [each [Business Day] 
[●] during the period from and including [●] to (and including) [●]] [and each Coupon Date thereafter].] 
[Call Redemption Amount[s]] [Call Redemption Rate[s]] [is] [are] [insert Call Redemption Amount[s] [[Call 
Redemption Rate[s]]] [for the [following] Call Redemption Date[s] [insert Call Redemption Date[s]] [[●]]. 
[Such a redemption has to be made [at least] [at most] in the amount of [●] per cent. of the principal amount of 
the Notes.] 
[(5)][(6)] Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons.  
The Issuer may call the Subordinated Notes for Early Redemption at any time, in whole but not in part, upon 
giving not more than [60] [insert other number] [Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30] [insert other 
number] [Business Days'] [days'] prior notice in accordance with § 6([7][8]) early and redeem the Subordinated 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined below), [together with interest (if any) accrued to but 
excluding the date fixed for Early Redemption] on the date fixed for Early Redemption, if there is a change in 
the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes (including any changes to the applicable banking 
regulations, their application or interpretation by courts or the Competent Authority, as defined below) that would 
be, according to the Issuer, likely to result (A) in that the obligations for the repayment of the principal of the 
Subordinated Notes are not, or in the future will not be, eligible for inclusion, in whole or in part, in the Tier 2 
Capital or be likely to result in their reclassification as a lower quality form of own funds or (B) in that the 
obligations for the repayment of the principal of the Subordinated Notes, to the extent that, pursuant to Article 
64 CRR, a portion thereof does no longer qualify as eligible for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital but, pursuant to 
Article 72a(1)(b) CRR or the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act, would in the absence of the change qualify 
as eligible for the inclusion into the amount to be complied with for purposes of fulfilling the minimum 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to the Czech Recovery and Resolution 
Act, that portion is not or will not be, in full or in part, eligible for the inclusion into the amount to be complied 
with for purposes of fulfilling the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer 
pursuant to the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act, and provided that the conditions laid down in § 6([(6)][(7)] 
(Conditions to Early Redemption and Repurchase) are met. 
Where:  
Czech Recovery and Resolution Act means Czech Act No. 374/2015 Coll., on Recovery and Resolution in the 
Financial Market, as amended from time to time, and any references in these Conditions to relevant provisions 
of the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or 
replacing such provisions from time to time. 
Tier 2 Capital means Tier 2 capital of the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s group pursuant to Article 71 CRR. 
[(6)][(7)] Conditions to Early Redemption and Repurchase. Any Early Redemption pursuant to this § 6 and any 
repurchase pursuant to § 11(2) are subject to: 
(a) the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Competent Authority (as defined below) for the Early 
Redemption or any repurchase pursuant to § 11(2) in accordance with the Articles 77 and 78 CRR, if 
applicable to the Issuer at that point in time; and 
(b) in the case of any Early Redemption or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance of 
the Subordinated Notes, in addition, if applicable to the Issuer at that point in time: 
(i) in case of an Early Redemption for reasons of taxation pursuant to § 6(4), the Issuer having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the applicable change in tax treatment 
is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(ii) in case of an Early Redemption for regulatory reasons pursuant to § 6[(5)][(6)], the Competent Authority 
considering such change to be sufficiently certain and the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction 
of the Competent Authority that the relevant change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated 
Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) in the case of an Early Redemption in circumstances other than as described in item (i) or (ii), or, 
alternatively to item (i) or (ii) in circumstances described in item (i) or (ii), either before or at the same 
time as such action, the Issuer having replaced the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the 
Competent Authority having permitted that action based on the determination that it would be beneficial 
from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances.] 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any Early Redemption or repurchase, the prevailing 
supervisory regulations applicable to the Issuer permit the Early Redemption or repurchase only after compliance 
with one or more alternative or additional preconditions to those set out above, the Issuer shall comply with such 
other and/or, as appropriate, additional preconditions, if any. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Competent Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority) 
to grant any required permission, approval or other consent shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
Where: 
Competent Authority means the competent authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(40) CRR which is responsible to 
supervise the Issuer on an individual and/or consolidated basis. 
[(7)][(8)] Early Redemption Notice. 
Any notice of redemption in accordance with § 6(4)[, § 6(5)] or § 6[(5)][(6)] shall be given by the Issuer to the 
[Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent] and, in accordance with § [12] to the Holders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify: 
(c) the indication of the Series of Subordinated Notes that is to be redeemed; 
(d) the Call Redemption Date or] [the date of Early Redemption]; and 
[(c) the [Early][Final] [Call] Redemption Amount at which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed]. 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes: 
[[(8)][(9]) Early Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of [§ 1 (Definitions),] § 6(4) (Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation) and § 6([5][6]) (Early 
Redemption for Regulatory Reasons), the Early Redemption Amount of a Subordinated Note is equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount pursuant to this § 6 (2)] [insert other rate].] 
[In the case of Subordinated Zero Coupon Notes: 
[[(8)][(9)]] Early Redemption Amount. 
(d) For purposes of § 6(4) (Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation) and § 6([5][6]) (Early Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons), the Early Redemption Amount of a Subordinated Note shall be equal to the Amortised 
Face Amount of the Subordinated Note in accordance with § 6[●]. 
(e) [In the case of accrued interest being added: The amortised face amount (Amortised Face Amount) of a 
Subordinated Note shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) [Reference Price] (the Reference Price), and 
(ii) the product of the Amortisation Yield being [insert Amortisation Yield] (compounded annually) and 
the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Subordinated Notes become due and payable]. 
[In the case of unaccrued interest being deducted: The amortised face amount (Amortised Face Amount) of 
a Subordinated Note shall be the principal amount thereof adjusted for interest from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the date of final repayment by the Amortisation Yield, being [insert Amortisation 
Yield]. Such calculation shall be made on the assumption of an annual capitalisation of accrued interest.] 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in respect 
of the period of less than a full year (the Calculation Period) shall be made on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction (as defined in § 4[●]).

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
(f) If the Issuer fails to pay the Early Redemption Amount when due, the Amortised Face Amount of a 
Subordinated Note shall be calculated as provided herein, except that references in subparagraph (e)(ii) above to 
the date fixed for redemption or the date on which such Subordinated Note becomes due and repayable shall 
refer to the earlier of (i) the date on which upon due presentation and surrender of the relevant Subordinated Note 
(if required), payment is made, and (ii) the fourteenth day after notice has been given by the [Principal Paying 
Agent] [Fiscal Agent] in accordance with § 12 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) that the funds required 
for redemption have been provided to the [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent].] 
([●]) Rounding of Redemption Amounts: Redemption Amounts are rounded to [insert number] decimals. 
§ 7 
(Agents) 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents (the Agent) and their respective specified offices are: 
[●] 
[other/further Fiscal Agent] 
[Principal] Paying Agent: 
[●] 
[other/additional [Principal] Paying Agent/specified office(s)] 
[Calculation Agent: 
[The [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent] shall also act as Calculation Agent.] 
[Calculation Agent is: [Insert name and address of Calculation Agent]]] 
[Other Agents: [insert other Agents]] 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to change its respective specified office to some other 
office. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint another [Fiscal Agent] [Paying Agent] or additional or 
other Agents in accordance with all applicable regulations. Any variation, termination, appointment or change 
shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after 10 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing). 
[(3) Agents of the Issuer. Each Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not have any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder.] 
[(3)][(4)] Determinations Binding. All determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained under these Conditions by any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer and all other Agents/agents and the Holders. 
§ 8 
(Taxation) 
(1) As a withholding agent, the Issuer is liable for and bears a burden of proof vis-à-vis the tax authorities with 
respect to (i) a proper withholding of any Withholding Tax [and Tax Security (as the case may be)] which [is/are] 
required to be withheld or deducted at source under any Tax Jurisdiction’s law from any payment of principal, 
interest or any other amounts payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes as well as (ii) the granting of any Tax 
Relief. Accordingly, before any Tax Relief can be granted, the Issuer will require – unless waived by the Issuer 
in accordance with this § 8 – for the Beneficial Ownership Information to be duly collected and delivered to the 
Issuer in accordance with the Certification Procedures.

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
[In case of Subordinated Zero Coupon Notes or in the case of Subordinated Notes other than Subordinated 
Zero Coupon Notes, if a tax gross-up obligation does not apply, insert:  
(2) All payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will only be made after 
deduction or withholding of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction (the Taxes), to the extent that such deduction or withholding is required by law. 
No additional amounts will be paid to cover the amounts so deducted or withheld. The Issuer shall account for 
the deducted or withheld Taxes with the competent government authorities.] 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes other than Subordinated Zero Coupon Notes, if a tax gross-up obligation 
applies, insert:  
(2)   All payments of principal and interest or any other amounts payable by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction (the Taxes) 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will, in respect of payments of 
interest (if any) only, pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the Holders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Subordinated Notes in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Subordinated Notes: 
(a) presented for payment in the Czech Republic; or 
(b) the Beneficial Owner of which is liable for Taxes in respect of such Subordinated Note by reason of having 
some connection with the Tax Jurisdiction other than that under point (e) below; 
(c) presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on 
such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day (as defined in § 5([3][4])); or 
(d) where any such withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes in respect of such Subordinated Note 
is required by reason of the Issuer or any person on behalf of the Issuer not having duly received a true, accurate 
and complete Beneficial Ownership Information or any other similar claim for exemption, where such Beneficial 
Ownership Information or other claim for exemption is required or imposed under the Certification Procedures, 
except where this is caused by actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
(e) the Beneficial Owner of which is a Czech Tax Resident individual[.] [; or 
(f) the Beneficial Owner of which is a Person Related Through Capital with the Issuer]. 
In the event that the Beneficial Ownership Information, or other similar claim for exemption, is not delivered to 
the Issuer in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (d) above, the Issuer 
shall withhold (i) 35 per cent. Withholding Tax from any payment of interest on such Subordinated Note [and 
(ii) as the Subordinated Notes are issued at a price lower than its principal amount (i.e. below par), 1 per cent. 
Tax Security from any payment of principal on such Subordinated Note], unless the Issuer is satisfied, in its 
absolute discretion, that it has in its possession all necessary information enabling it to either not apply the 
Withholding Tax or to apply it at a reduced rate [,or not to apply the Tax Security]. Furthermore, the Issuer may, 
in its absolute discretion, and provided that it has obtained all necessary information substantiating such action, 
opt to reimburse the relevant Holders, either partially or in full, for such Withholding tax [or Tax Security] 
applied in accordance with the preceding sentence. For the avoidance of doubt, should the Issuer opt to provide 
such reimbursement, the relevant Holder shall be entitled to claim refund under the Quick Refund Procedure or 
Standard Refund Procedure (as defined in the Certification Procedures) only for any amount exceeding the 
amount of reimbursement.  
The Issuer may, at any time, waive any condition set out in this § 8 (2) to the benefit of the Beneficial Owners 
by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with § 12. 
In connection with any refund provided as part of the Standard Refund Procedure (as defined in the Certification 
Procedures), the Issuer shall be entitled to deduct from the relevant payment a fee calculated as the sum of (a) a 
fixed amount of EUR [⚫] and (b) any administrative fees, penalties, interest or similar costs such Issuer may 
incur in connection with the refund (in each case, plus any applicable value added tax).]

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
(3) Subject to the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner pursuant to § 315 of the 
German Civil Code (BGB) and with not less than 30 days’ notice being given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 12 of any such determination or specification, the Issuer is entitled to make any determination or specification 
(each a Determination), without the consent of the Holders, to any provision of this § 8 to reflect: 
(a) a change in applicable Czech law or regulation (including any published practice) in respect of the 
Certification Procedures, or any ruling or official interpretation thereof; 
(b) a requirement imposed by the Czech tax authorities or another competent authority in respect of the 
Certification Procedures; 
(c) a change in the standard market approach in respect of the Certification Procedures; or 
(d) a change in any applicable rules or procedures of any party to the implementation of the Certification 
Procedures. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Determination is not to be considered as amending, modifying or supplementing 
any of the terms and conditions of the Subordinated Notes. 
(4) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this § 8, no additional amounts will be paid where such 
withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto or an agreement between the United States of America and the Czech 
Republic to implement FATCA or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform 
to, such agreement. 
(5) As used herein: 
Beneficial Owner means a holder of a Subordinated Note if such holder is also a beneficial owner (within the 
OECD Model Tax Convention on Income and on Capital meaning of this term) in respect of income paid on 
such Subordinated Note or a recipient of such income who qualifies as a beneficial owner within the above 
meaning. 
Beneficial Ownership Information means certain information and documentation as set forth under the 
Certification Procedures concerning, in particular, the identity and country of tax residence of a recipient of a 
payment of interest or principal in respect of a Subordinated Note (together with relevant evidence thereof) which 
enable the Issuer to reliably establish that such recipient is a Beneficial Owner with respect to any such payment 
and that all conditions for the granting of a Tax Relief, if any, are met.  
Certification Procedures mean the tax relief at source and refund procedures for the Czech Republic 
implemented by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to facilitate collection of the Beneficial Ownership 
Information which are available at the website of the International Capital Market Services Association at 
www.icmsa.org, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
[Czech Tax Non-Resident means a taxpayer who is not a tax resident of the Czech Republic, either under the 
Income Taxes Act or under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Czech Tax Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic under the Czech Income 
Taxes Act as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Income Taxes Act means the Czech Act No. 586/1992 Coll., on Income Taxes, as amended.] 
[Legal Entity means a taxpayer other than an individual (i.e. a taxpayer which is subject to corporate income 
tax but who may not necessarily have a legal personality).] 
[OECD means Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.] 
[Person Related Through Capital means every person (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) in a situation 
where (i) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, another person, or (ii) 
one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, several persons and, in each

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
case, such participation (whether direct or indirect) constitutes at least 25% of the registered capital of, or 25% 
of the voting rights in, such other person/persons.] 
[Relevant Date means whichever is the later of (1) the date on which the payment in question first becomes due 
and (2) if the full amount payable has not been received in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 
System by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so 
received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders.] 
Tax Jurisdiction means (i) the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax or (ii) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest on the Subordinated Notes 
become generally subject. 
Tax Relief means a relief from the Withholding Tax or the Tax Security (as the case may be), whether in the 
form of an exemption or application of a reduced rate. 
[Tax Security means a special amount collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding agent 
(for example, by an issuer of a note or by a buyer of a note) upon payment of taxable income which serves 
essentially as an advance with respect to tax that is to be self-assessed by the recipient of the relevant income 
(i.e. unlike the Withholding Tax, the amount so withheld does not generally represent a final tax liability).] 
[Tax Treaty means a valid and effective tax treaty concluded between the Czech Republic and another country 
under which the Czech Tax Non-Resident is treated as a tax resident of the latter country. In the case of Taiwan, 
the Tax Treaty is Act No. 45/2020 Coll., on the Elimination of Double Taxation in Relation to Taiwan, as 
amended.] 
[Withholding Tax means a tax collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding agent (for 
example, by an issuer of a note) upon payment of taxable income. Save in certain limited circumstances, such 
tax is generally considered as final.] 
§ 9 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) (BGB) in relation to the Subordinated Notes is [(i)] [reduced to] [ten] [insert other number of 
years] [years] [unlimited] in respect of principal[.] [and (ii) [limited to] [four] [insert other number of years] 
[years] [unlimited] in respect of interest]]. 
§ 10 
(Amendment of the Conditions, Holders' Representative)  
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen –SchVG) the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments 
of the Conditions, subject to the consent by the Competent Authority (or any other relevant supervisory 
authority), if and to the extent required, with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions which 
do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have 
expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. There will be no amendment of the Conditions 
without the Issuer's consent. 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast. Resolutions 
relating to amendments of the Conditions which are not material and which do not relate to the matters listed in 
§ 5 paragraph 3, Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. A meeting of 
Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take place in the circumstances 
of § 18 paragraph 4 sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative.

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
(5) Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the principal amount 
or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Subordinated Notes. 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Conditions: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint 
a common representative (the Holders' Representative) to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each 
Holder.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The common representative (the Holders' 
Representative) shall be [insert Name of the Holders' Representative]. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' 
Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution 
of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that 
the Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be 
entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The 
Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
§ 11 
(Further Subordinated Issues, Repurchases and Cancellation) 
[(1) This paragraph is intentionally left blank.] 
[(1) Issue of further Subordinated Notes. The Issuer may until [insert date] without the consent of the Holders 
subject to regulatory and other statutory provisions, issue further Subordinated Notes having the same Conditions 
as the Subordinated Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, issue price and the first 
interest payment) so as to form a single series with this tranche of series [insert series].] 
(2) Repurchases. Provided that the conditions laid down in § 6[(6)][(7)] are met, the Issuer may repurchase 
Notes in any market or otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, 
be held, resold or, subject to compliance with statutory prerequisites, [cancelled] [surrendered to the [Principal 
Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent] for cancellation]. 
§ 12 
(Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) 
[(1) The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Subordinated Notes [to the Clearing System] for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to 
the Holders on the [number of days] day after the day on which said notice was given to the [Clearing System] 
[in [Insert Medium]]. 
[(1)][(2)] [In the case of Subordinated Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, notices shall be published in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. [As long as the Subordinated Notes 
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices concerning the Subordinated Notes will be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on www.luxse.com or such other website or other medium for 
the publication of notices as required in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.] 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on the day of such publication.] 
[A listing on a stock exchange is not envisaged.] 
[[(1)][(2)][(3)] The Issuer will [also] publish notices [on its website www.rb.cz] [and] [in a leading daily 
newspaper having general circulation in [Luxembourg] [insert other country]. This newspaper is expected to 
be the [insert newspaper]. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the [insert number 
of days] day following the date of such publication.]

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
[[(2)][(3)][(4)] Any notice so given [, except in case of subparagraph [(1)][(2)],] will be deemed to have been 
validly given if published more than once, on the [insert number of days] day after the date of the first such 
publication.] 
[(2)][(3)][(4)][(5)] Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in writing in the 
English or German language. The notice must be accompanied by proof that such notifying Holder is holder of 
the relevant Subordinated Notes at the time of the giving of such notice. Proof may be made by means of a 
certificate of the Custodian (as defined in § [13] (Final Provisions)) or in any other appropriate manner. So long 
as Subordinated Notes are securitised in the form of a Global Note, such notice may be given by the Holder to 
the [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent] through the Clearing System in such manner as the [Principal Paying 
Agent] [Fiscal Agent] and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose.] 
§ 13 
(Final Provisions)  
(1) Applicable Law. The Subordinated Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law.  
(2) Czech Insolvency Law. The Subordinated Notes, although governed by German law, will be subject to those 
provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act, the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act and any other provisions of 
Czech law applicable to or relevant for the Subordinated Notes as notes having the status set out in § 3 (Status).  
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of the Subordinated Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under such 
Subordinated Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Subordinated Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) 
specifying the aggregate principal amount of Subordinated Notes credited to such securities account on the date 
of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Global Note representing the relevant 
Subordinated Notes certified as being a true copy of the original Global Note by a duly authorised officer of the 
Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of 
the actual records or the Global Note representing the Subordinated Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of recognized standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes, including the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce 
his rights under these Subordinated Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings. 
(4) Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have non exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings (Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes.  
(5) Language. 
[In the case of bi-lingual Conditions with German binding insert: 
These Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an English language translation. The 
German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation is non-binding.] 
[In the case the Conditions are to be in English only insert:  
These Conditions are written in the English language only.] 
[In the case of bi-lingual Conditions with English binding insert: 
These Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a German language translation. The 
English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation is non-binding.]

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
OPTION II: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ELIGIBLE NOTES 
§ 1 
(Definitions) 
Conditions means these Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed. 
[If Reference Interest Rate is applicable, insert: 
Screen Page [[●]] means [REUTERS Screen Page [EURIBOR01] [PRBO=] [insert Screen Page and 
additional information if necessary] or each successor page.] 
[If Reference Swap Rate is applicable, insert: 
Screen Page [[●]] means [●]] 
[If Reference Rate is CMS Rate, insert: 
Screen Page [[●]] means [●]] 
Clearing System means [if more than one Clearing System insert: each of]: [Clearstream Banking, S.A., 
Luxembourg, (CBL)] [,] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System (Euroclear)] [(CBL 
and Euroclear are each an ICSD (International Central Securities Depositary) and together the ICSDs)] [,] [and] 
[specify other Clearing System]. 
[Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [the Clearing System] [if the 
Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed for other reasons insert: [as well as] the the real time 
gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor/replacement system (T2) (TARGET)] [is] 
[are] operational] [if the Specified Currency is not EUR or if needed for other reasons insert: [and] commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [all relevant financial centres].] 
[Holder means any holder of a co-ownership interest or other beneficial interest or right in the Notes.]  
[If Reference Rate is applicable, insert: 
Reference Rate means a value, [which][the performance of which] determines [the height of a/the ] [floating 
interest rate(s)] [and][or][if any interest will be paid for a certain interest period][and] [or] [the maturity of the 
Notes][insert any other legal consequence] (i.e. an interest rate, a Swap Rate, an exchange rate, etc.)] 
[If the Reference Rate is an Interest Rate insert: 
Reference Interest Rate means the offered quotation for the [number]-month [EURIBOR][PRIBOR] [insert 
other reference interest rate] which appears on the Screen Page as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] 
([insert relevant time zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day]. 
[For EURIBOR or any other Reference Rate other than PRIBOR and a compounded daily overnight 
reference rate, insert: 
If – other than in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined below) - the relevant Screen Page is not available 
or if no such quotation appears as at such time, the Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered quotation on the 
Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such offered 
quotation was displayed.] 
[For PRIBOR, insert: 
If – other than in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined below) - the relevant Screen Page is not available 
or if no such quotation appears as at such time, the Issuer or an agent appointed by it shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] 
[insert other period] for the Reference Interest Rate at approximately [11.00 a. m.] [insert relevant time] 
([insert relevant time zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day] and the Issuer or an agent appointed by it shall notify the Calculation

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
Agent of all quotations received by it. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or an agent 
appointed by it with such offered quotations, the Reference Interest Rate [for such Interest Period] shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one [thousandth] [ten thousandth] [hundred 
thousandth][insert other rounding rules] of a percentage point, with [0.0005][0.00005] [0.000005][insert 
other rounding rules] being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations[, however at least 0.00 per cent. p.a.], 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine 
other day] only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer or an agent appointed by it (as the case 
may be) with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Reference Interest Rate [for 
the relevant Interest Period] [determine other event] shall be the rate [per annum] [insert other time period] 
which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
[thousandth] [ten thousandth] [hundred thousandth] [insert other rounding rules] of a percentage point, with 
[0.0005][0.00005][0.000005][insert other rounding rules] being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to the Issuer or an agent appointed by it by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, as at [11.00 a.m.][insert relevant time] ([insert relevant time zone]) on the 
relevant [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other 
day], deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the [insert financial 
centre] interbank market [in the Euro-Zone] [, however at least 0.00 per cent. p.a.].  
If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions the Issuer will 
determine the Reference Interest Rate [for the relevant Interest Period] [define other event] at its equitable 
discretion according to § 317 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (BGB) and also having 
regard to the operational requirements of the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent of 
any determination made by it under this Conditions. 
Reference Banks means the offices of not less than [four] [insert other number] major banks in the [relevant] 
[insert relevant financial centre] interbank market [in the Euro-Zone].] 
[For Compounded Daily SONIA, insert: 
SONIA means, in respect of any SONIA-Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight 
Index Average rate for such SONIA-Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Screen Page or, if the Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors in each case on the SONIA-Business Day immediately following such SONIA-
Business Day. 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation from the authorised distributors appears at such time, 
SONIA shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s bank rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five days on which SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding [Interest Determination 
Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine 
other day], the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date. 
Where: 
SONIA-Business Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR insert: 
SOFR means, in respect of any SOFR-Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve's website, in each case on or about 5.00 
p.m. (New York City Time) on the SOFR-Business Day immediately following such SOFR-Business Day. 
If SOFR is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time and, (1) unless the Issuer has confirmed to 
the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, this SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day applies for which SOFR 
was published on the Screen Page; or (2) if the Issuer has confirmed to the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR 
Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) that was notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as being the rate that was 
recommended as the replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a replacement for the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other designated 
administrator), provided that, if no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as having 
been recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date, then the rate for each [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation 
Day] [determine other day] occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if (i) references to SOFR where references to OBFR, (ii) references to U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day were references to New York Business Day, (iii) references to SOFR Index Cessation Event were references 
to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references to SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date; and provided further that, if no such rate has been notified to the 
Calculation Agent by the Issuer as having been so recommended within one U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date and an OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date has 
occurred, then the rate for each [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation 
Day] [determine other day] occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if (x) references to SOFR were references to FOMC Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day were references to New York Business Day and (z) references to the Screen Page were references 
to the Federal Reserve’s Website. 
Where: 
FOMC Target Rate means, the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the Federal Reserve’s Website or, if the Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single 
rate, the midpoint of the short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the Federal Reserve’s Website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target 
range and the lower bound of the target range). 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
OBFR, means, with respect to any [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day], the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate in respect of the New York 
Business Day immediately preceding such [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day] as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the New York Fed’s Website on or about 5:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on such [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] 
[determine other day]. 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), 
ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
may no longer be used. 
OBFR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a)  a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the OBFR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b) the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely,

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide 
OBFR; or 
(c) a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of OBFR that 
applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap transactions. 
SOFR-Business Day means any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in the state of New York and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or 
required by law or regulation to be closed. 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate), ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
SOFR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity prohibiting the use of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including 
existing swap transactions.] 
SOFR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity prohibiting the use of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including 
existing swap transactions.] 
[For €STR insert: 
€STR means, in respect of any €STR-Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate for 
such €STR-Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank currently at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the 
ECB's Website) in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) on the €STR-Business Day 
immediately following such €STR-Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the European Central Bank publishes guidance as to (i) how 
€STR is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace €STR, the [Calculation Agent] [●] shall, subject to 
receiving written instructions from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine €STR for the purpose of the Notes for so long as €STR is not available or has not 
been published by the authorised distributors.

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
[Calculation Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate 
which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Where: 
€STR-Business Day means any day which is a TARGET Business Day.] 
[For EURIBOR or another Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight reference rate, 
insert: 
Reference Interest Rate replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. If (i) a public statement or information 
has been published by the competent authority of the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate to the effect 
that the Reference Interest Rate has ceased to be representative or is no longer an industry accepted rate for debt 
instruments such as the Notes, or comparable instruments, (ii) a public statement or information has been 
published to the effect that the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate commences the orderly wind-down 
of the Reference Interest Rate or ceases the calculation and publication of the Reference Interest Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the publication of such statement or information, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Interest Rate, (iii) the administrator of 
the [Euribor] [€STR®] becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceedings 
(affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority; (iv) 
the competent authority for the administrator of the [Euribor] [€STR®] withdraws or suspends the authorisation 
pursuant to Article 35 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation) or the recognition 
pursuant to Article 32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or requires the cessation of the endorsement pursuant to 
Article 33(6) of the Benchmarks Regulation, provided that, at the time of the withdrawal or suspension or the 
cessation of endorsement, there is no successor administrator that continues to provide the Reference Interest 
Rate and its administrator commences the orderly wind-down of the Reference Interest Rate or ceases to provide 
the Reference Interest Rate or certain maturities or certain currencies for which the Reference Interest Rate is 
calculated permanently or indefinitely; or (v) the Reference Interest Rate is otherwise discontinued or it becomes 
unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference Interest Rate for any other reason (each a 
Discontinuation Event), the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced, on [the] [each] [relevant Interest 
Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day(s)], by a rate 
determined or procured, as the case may be, by the Issuer (the Successor Reference Interest Rate) according 
to the following paragraphs in the order of I)-III):] 
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA® or SOFR®, insert: 
Reference Interest Rate replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent to use Reference Interest Rate, (ii) the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
ceases to calculate and publish the Reference Interest Rate permanently or for an indefinite period of time, (iii) 
the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring 
or similar proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority; or (iv) the Reference Interest Rate is otherwise being discontinued (each a Discontinuation 
Event), the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced, on [the] [each] [relevant Interest Determination Date] 
[Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day(s)], by a rate determined or 
procured, as the case may be, by the Issuer (the Successor Reference Interest Rate) according to the following 
paragraphs in the order of I)-III):] 
I) 
The Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is determined by any applicable 
law or regulation or announced by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, the competent central bank 
or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the Reference Interest Rate and the source of 
which is accessible to the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 
10 days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] 
[determine other day] and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12. [If, on any previous 
[Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day], 
the Successor Reference Interest Rate was also determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph I), no 
[other] publication obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with such Successor Reference Rate or any 
adjustments or changes made in relation thereto or relating to the determination of the [Rate of Interest] [or] [the] 
[Interest Amount] [determine other rate or amount] as set out below;]

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
II) An Independent Advisor will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor reference 
rate that is most comparable to the Reference Interest Rate, provided that if the Independent Advisor determines 
that there is an industry accepted reference rate as being most comparable to the Reference Interest Rate, then 
the Independent Advisor will use such reference rate as successor reference rate (the Successor Reference Rate) 
and determine which screen page or source shall be used in connection with such Successor Reference Rate (the 
Successor Screen Page). Provided that such Successor Screen Page is accessible to the Calculation Agent, any 
reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate on 
be read as a reference to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis 
mutandis. The Independent Advisor will notify and the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the 
[Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] 
the Issuer about such determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance 
with § 12.  
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Interest Rate with a Successor Reference Interest 
Rate in accordance with the above provisions I) or II) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may specify (i) an interest adjustment factor or fraction or spread (to be added or subtracted) 
which shall be applied to the Successor Reference Interest Rate, for the purpose of achieving a result which is 
consistent with the economic substance of the Reference Interest Rate before the Discontinuation Event occurred, 
and (ii) any further changes necessary for determining the [Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest 
Amount][determine other rate/amount] in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Reference 
Interest Rate [(such as the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day Convention, Business Days, the Interest 
Determination Dates, the method of calculating the Interest Amount)]. Thereafter, the Issuer shall thereafter 
inform the Calculation Agent at least 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate 
Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 12 (other than in the case set out in paragraph I) above). 
III) If the source of the successor rate for the Reference Interest Rate determined in accordance with the above 
provision I) or the Successor Screen Page determined in accordance with the above provision II) is not accessible 
to the Calculation Agent or if the Independent Advisor fails to determine the Successor Reference Rate at the 
latest 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] 
[determine other day] and to notify the Calculation Agent or in the event that the Issuer, having used reasonable 
endeavours, fails to appoint an Independent Advisor or the period to determine a Successor Reference Interest 
Rate according to the provisions above was not sufficient, the Issuer will decide in its reasonable discretion 
(billiges Ermessen) and not less than 3 Business Days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate 
Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] relating to the [next succeeding Interest 
Period][determine other event / day] (the Procedures Determination Date):  
[a)] that the Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered quotation for the Reference Interest Rate which appeared 
on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the relevant [Interest Determination Date] 
[Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] on which such quotations were 
offered and shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12[.] [; or 
b) redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, by giving not less than 20 days' notice in accordance with § 12, at 
the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption Amount] (as defined below pursuant to § 6), together with 
interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such early redemption, provided that the conditions 
laid down in § 6[(8)][(9)][(10)] (Conditions to Early Redemption and Repurchase) are met. 
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(ii) the Series of Notes subject to redemption;  
(iii) the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
following the Procedures Determination Date; and 
(iv) the [Final][Early] Redemption Amount. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the [Rate of Interest][[Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for 
quotation]] applicable from the last [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] [determine other day] prior to the 
redemption date until (but excluding) the redemption date shall be the [Rate of Interest][[Reference Swap 
Rate][insert other definition for quotation]] applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period.]] 
Independent Advisor means an independent financial institution of international standing or an independent 
financial advisor with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. ]

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
[If the Reference Rate is a Swap Rate insert: 
Reference Swap Rate is ["[insert number of years/months] [year][months] [insert relevant currency] Swap 
Rate and means [[●]/ insert definition /Screen Page].] 
If the [[insert number of years/months] [year][month] [insert relevant currency] Swap Rate] [insert other swap 
rate] is not displayed on the Screen Page on the Interest Adjustment Determination Date, the [[insert number of 
years/months] [year][month] [insert relevant currency]Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] is equal to the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate (as defined below) on that Interest Adjustment Determination Date. 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means the percentage rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the 
[[insert number of years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] Quotations (as defined 
below) provided to the Issuer or an agent appointed by it by [five] [insert other number] leading swap dealers 
in the interbank market (the Reset Reference Banks) at the request of the Issuer or an agent appointed by it at 
approximately [insert time] ([insert time zone]), on the Interest Adjustment Determination Date. If at least 
[three] [insert other number] quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic 
mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If the Reset Reference Bank Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the applicable Reset Reference Bank 
Rate shall be equal to the last [[insert number of years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap 
rate] available on the Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
[[[insert number of years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] Quotation means the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg (calculated on [insert day count fraction]) of a 
[insert reference swap rate] which (i) has a term of [insert number of [years][months]] commencing on the 
Interest Adjustment Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market 
at the relevant time with an acknowledgement dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating 
interest based on the [insert reference interest rate] (calculated on an [insert day count fraction] basis).] 
[insert other definitions for Quotation] 
[Reference Swap Rate] [insert other definition for quotation] replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. 
If the Issuer determines in its reasonable discretion (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
to use the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation], or (ii) the administrator of the 
[Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] ceases to calculate and publish the [Reference 
Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] permanently or for an indefinite period of time, or (iii) the 
administrator of the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] becomes insolvent or an 
insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the 
administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority, or (iv) the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition 
for quotation] is otherwise being discontinued or otherwise ceases to be provided (each of the events in (i) 
through (iv) a Discontinuation Event), the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] shall 
be replaced, on [the] [each] [relevant Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day(s)], by a rate determined or procured, as the case may be, by the Issuer 
(the Successor Quotation Rate) according to the following paragraphs in the order of I)-III): 
I) 
The [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] shall be replaced with the reference rate, 
which is determined by any applicable law or regulation or announced by the administrator of the [Reference 
Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation], the competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory 
authority as the successor rate for the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] and the 
source of which is accessible to the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Calculation Agent 
at the latest 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation 
Day] [determine other day] and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12. [If, on any 
previous [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine 
other day], the Successor Quotation Rate was also determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph I), no [other] publication obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with such Successor 
Quotation Rate or any adjustments or changes made in relation thereto or relating to the determination of the 
[Rate of Interest] [or] [Interest Amount][determine other rate or amount] as set out below; ] 
II) An Independent Advisor will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor reference 
rate that is most comparable to the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation], provided that 
if the Independent Advisor determines that there is an industry accepted reference rate as being most comparable 
to the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation], then the Independent Advisor will use

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
such reference rate as successor reference rate (the Successor Reference Rate) and determine which screen page 
or source shall be used in connection with such Successor Reference Rate (the Successor Screen Page). Provided 
that such Successor Screen Page is accessible to the Calculation Agent, any reference to the Screen Page herein 
shall from the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate on be read as a reference to the 
Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Independent 
Advisor will notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination 
Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] about such 
determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12.  
Further and in addition to any replacement of the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] 
with a Successor Quotation Rate in accordance with the above provisions I) or II) the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may specify (i) an interest adjustment factor or fraction or spread 
(to be added or subtracted) which shall be applied to the Successor Quotation Rate, for the purpose of achieving 
a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition 
for quotation] before the Discontinuation Event occurred, and (ii) any further changes necessary for determining 
the [Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest Amount][determine other rate/amount] in order to follow 
market practice in relation to the Successor Quotation Rate [(such as the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day 
Convention, Business Days, the Interest Determination Dates, the method of calculating the Interest Amount)]. 
Thereafter, the Issuer shall inform the Calculation Agent at least 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination 
Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] and, subsequently the 
Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12 (other than in the case set out in paragraph I) above). 
III) If the source of the successor rate for the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] 
determined in accordance with the above provision I) or the Successor Screen Page determined in accordance 
with the above provision II) is not accessible to the Calculation Agent or if the Independent Advisor fails to 
determine the Successor Reference Rate at the latest 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference 
Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] and to notify the Calculation Agent or in 
the event that the Issuer, having used reasonable endeavours, fails to appoint an Independent Advisor or the 
period to determine a Successor Quotation Rate according to the provisions above was not sufficient, the Issuer 
will decide in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) and not less than 3 Business Days prior to the [Interest 
Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] relating 
to the [next succeeding Interest Period][determine other event / day] (the Procedures Determination Date):  
[a)] that the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] shall be such [Reference Swap 
Rate][insert other definition for quotation] which appeared on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last 
day preceding the relevant [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation 
Day] [determine other day] on which such quotations were offered and shall thereafter inform the Holders of 
the Notes in accordance with § 12[.] [; or 
b) redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, by giving not less than 20 days' notice in accordance with § 12, at 
the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption Amount] (as defined below pursuant to § 6), together with 
interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such early redemption provided that the conditions 
laid down in § 6[(8)][(9)][(10)] (Conditions to Early Redemption and Repurchase) are met. 
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(v) the Series of Notes subject to redemption;  
(vi) the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
following the Procedures Determination Date; and 
(vii) the [Final][Early] Redemption Amount. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the [Rate of Interest][[Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for 
quotation]] applicable from the last [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] [determine other day] prior to the 
redemption date until (but excluding) the redemption date shall be the [Rate of Interest][[Reference Swap 
Rate][insert other definition for quotation]] applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period.]] 
Independent Advisor means an independent financial institution of international standing or an independent 
financial advisor with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. ] 
[If the Reference Rate is a CMS Rate insert:

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
Reference CMS Rate (CMS) is the [insert number of months] swap rate for [insert relevant currency] swap 
transactions with a maturity of [insert relevant period[s]], which appears on the Screen Page [[●]]on the 
[Interest Determination Date][Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] 
[under the heading [and in the column] [insert relevant heading [and column]] as of [11:00 a.m.] [insert 
relevant time] ([insert relevant time zone]), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If – other than in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined below) - the Screen Page permanently ceases to 
quote the relevant [insert relevant currency] CMS but such quotation is available from another page selected 
by the Issuer in equitable discretion (the Replacement Screen Page) and notified to the Calculation Agent, the 
Replacement Screen Page shall be used for the purpose of the calculation of the [Rate of Interest] [determine 
other reason of calculation]. 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such [insert relevant currency] CMS appears (in each case as at such 
time), and the Issuer confirms there is no Replacement Screen Page available, the CMS shall be the swap rate on 
the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the [Interest Determination Date][Reference Rate 
Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] on which such swap rate was displayed. 
[Insert relevant currency] CMS replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. If the Issuer determines in its 
reasonable discretion (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the [Insert relevant 
currency] CMS, or (ii) the administrator of the [Insert relevant currency] CMS ceases to calculate and publish 
the [Insert relevant currency] CMS permanently or for an indefinite period of time, or (iii) the administrator 
of the [Insert relevant currency] CMS becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or 
similar proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority, or (iv) the [Insert relevant currency] CMS is otherwise being discontinued or otherwise 
ceases to be provided (each of the events in (i) through (iv) a Discontinuation Event), the [Insert relevant 
currency] CMS shall be replaced, on [the/each relevant Interest Determination Date] [the Reference Rate 
Determination Date] [the / each Observation Day] [determine other day], by a rate determined or procured, as 
the case may be, by the Issuer (the Successor CMS) according to the following paragraphs in the order of I)-
III): 
I) 
The [Insert relevant currency] CMS shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is determined by any 
applicable law or regulation or announced by the administrator of the [Insert relevant currency] CMS, the 
competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the [Insert relevant 
currency] CMS and the source of which is accessible to the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall thereafter inform 
the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate 
Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 12. [If, on any previous [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day], the Successor CMS was also determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph I), no [other] publication obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with such 
Successor CMS or any adjustments or changes made in relation thereto or relating to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount as set out below;]  
II) An Independent Advisor will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor reference 
rate that is most comparable to the [Insert relevant currency] CMS, provided that if the Independent Advisor 
determines that there is an industry accepted reference rate as being most comparable to the [Insert relevant 
currency] CMS, then the Independent Advisor will use such reference rate as successor reference rate (the 
Successor Reference Rate) and determine which screen page or source shall be used in connection with such 
Successor Reference Rate (the Successor Screen Page). Provided that such Successor Screen Page is accessible 
to the Calculation Agent, any reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the date of the determination of the 
Successor Reference Rate on be read as a reference to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this 
paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Independent Advisor will notify the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day] about such determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the 
Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12.  
Further and in addition to any replacement of the [Insert relevant currency] CMS with a Successor CMS in 
accordance with the above provisions I) or II) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may specify (i) an adjustment factor or fraction or spread (to be added or subtracted) which shall be 
applied to the Successor CMS, for the purpose of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic 
substance of the [Insert relevant currency] CMS before the Discontinuation Event occurred, and (ii) any further 
changes necessary for determining the [Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest Amount][determine other 
rate / amount] in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor CMS [(such as the Day Count

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
Fraction, the Business Day Convention, Business Days, the Interest Determination Dates, the method of 
calculating the Interest Amount)]. Thereafter, the Issuer shall inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days 
prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine 
other day] and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12 (other than in the case set out in 
paragraph I) above). 
III) If the source of the successor rate for the [Insert relevant currency] CMS determined in accordance with 
the above provision I) or the Successor Screen Page determined in accordance with the above provision II) is not 
accessible to the Calculation Agent or if the Independent Advisor fails to determine the Successor Reference 
Rate at the latest 10 days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day] and to notify the Calculation Agent or in the event that the Issuer, 
having used reasonable endeavours, fails to appoint an Independent Advisor or the period to determine a 
Successor CMS according to the provisions above was not sufficient, the Issuer will decide in its reasonable 
discretion (billiges Ermessen) and not less than 3 Business Days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] 
[Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] relating to the [next succeeding 
Interest Period] [determine other event / day] (the Procedures Determination Date):  
[a)] that the [Insert relevant currency] CMS shall be such [Insert relevant currency] CMS which appeared 
on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the relevant [Interest Determination Date] 
[Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] on which such quotations were 
displayed and shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12[.] [; or 
b) redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, by giving not less than 20 days' notice in accordance with § 12, at 
the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption Amount] (as defined below pursuant to § 6), together with 
interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such early redemption. 
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(viii) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption;  
(ix) the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
following the Procedures Determination Date; and 
(x) the [Final][Early] Redemption Amount. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the [Rate of Interest][Reference Interest Rate] applicable from the last 
[Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] [determine other day] prior to the redemption date until (but excluding) 
the redemption date shall be the [Rate of Interest][Reference Interest Rate] applicable to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period.]] 
Independent Advisor means an independent financial institution of international standing or an independent 
financial advisor with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.] 
[TARGET Business Day means a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor/replacement system (T2) (TARGET) is operational.] 
[Interest Determination Date means the [[second] [insert other applicable number of days] [TARGET][,] 
[and] [insert all relevant financial centres] Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end] of the relevant 
Interest Period.][first day of the relevant Interest Period.]] 
[[●] Business Day prior to [the expiry] [the Coupon Date] of the relevant Interest Period.]] 
Interest Period means the period for which interest is calculated and paid. 
§ 2 
(Currency, Denomination, Issue Date(S), Form, Custody) 
(1) Currency – Denomination - Issue Date[s]. This Series [insert number of the Series and name], [insert 
Tranche] of Notes (the Notes) of Raiffeisenbank a.s. (the Issuer) is being issued [on [insert Issue Date] (the 
Issue Date][from [insert Initial Issue Date] (the Initial Issue Date) within an open issuance period (Open 
Issuance Period)] in [insert Specified Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the aggregate principal amount 
of [up to][aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] (the Specified Denomination).

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
(2) Form. 
(a) Bearer Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note from the issue date, insert: 
(b) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the Permanent Global 
Note or the Global Note) without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be signed by duly authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent]. 
Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note to be exchanged for a 
Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(c) Temporary Global Note – Exchange – Permanent Global Note. 
(i) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the Temporary Global Note) without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented 
by a permanent global note (the Permanent Global Note and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the 
Global Notes and, each a Global Note) without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two duly authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or 
on behalf of the [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent]. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(ii) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date (the Exchange 
Date) not later than 180 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. The Exchange Date for such 
exchange will not be earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange 
shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U. S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be 
required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after 
the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global 
Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 2(2). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global 
Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States. For purposes of this subparagraph, United States 
means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U. S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern 
Mariana Islands).] 
(3) Custody – Clearing System. The Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied.  
[In the case that the Global Note is a CGN, insert: The Notes are issued in Classical Global Note (CGN) form 
and are kept in custody by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[In the case that the Global Note is a NGN, insert: The Notes are issued in new global note form and are kept 
in custody by a common safekeeper (Common Safekeeper) on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal amount of 
the Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the records of both ICSDs 
from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds for its customers reflecting the amount of 
such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the principal amount of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal 
amount of the Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD 
at that time.  
On any redemption or payment of interest or purchase and cancellation of any of the Notes represented by the 
Global Note details of such redemption, interest payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in 
respect of the Global Note, shall be entered pro rata into the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the principal amount of the Notes reflected in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global 
Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
[If the Notes may be partially redeemed on the basis of an optional redemption right, insert: For technical 
procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of the exercise of an optional redemption relating to a partial redemption, 
the outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined below) will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a 
nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the reasonable discretion of the ICSDs pursuant to § 317 BGB.]

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to issue additional Notes 
with identical terms, so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Series comprising 
the Notes. The term Notes shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally issued Notes. 
§ 3 
(Status) 
(1) Status [Eligible Notes]. The Notes are intended to qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments (as defined 
below). 
[In the case of Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes, insert: 
Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes: The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer.  
In the event of declaration of insolvency (vydání rozhodnutí o úpadku) of the Issuer, any claims under the Notes 
(including claims on the principal amount of the Notes and interest on the Notes) will rank, subject to any 
applicable statutory exceptions: 
(a) pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future claims from unsecured and 
unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer (other than claims from non-preferred senior instruments 
of the Issuer pursuant to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act and other unsecured and unsubordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer which in accordance with their terms are expressed to rank junior to the 
Notes); and 
(b) senior to all present or future claims from: (i) non-preferred senior instruments of the Issuer pursuant to 
Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act; (ii) all other unsecured and unsubordinated instruments or obligations 
of the Issuer which in accordance with their terms are expressed to rank junior to the Notes; (iii) Tier 2 
instruments pursuant to Article 63 CRR of the Issuer; (iv) Additional Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 52 
CRR of the Issuer; (v) all other subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer; and (vi) ordinary shares 
and other Common Equity Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 28 CRR of the Issuer.]  
[In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes, insert: 
Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes: The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and they constitute and shall be satisfied as non-preferred senior obligations of the Issuer pursuant to 
Section 374b(1) of the Czech Insolvency Act. 
In the event of declaration of insolvency (vydání rozhodnutí o úpadku) of the Issuer, any claims under the Notes 
(including claims on the principal amount of the Notes and interest on the Notes) will rank, subject to any 
applicable statutory exceptions: 
(a) junior to all other present or future claims from unsecured and unsubordinated instruments or obligations of 
the Issuer which do not constitute non-preferred senior claims against the Issuer pursuant to Section 374b of the 
Czech Insolvency Act; 
(b) pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future claims from non-preferred senior 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer which constitute non-preferred senior claims against the Issuer pursuant 
to Section 374b of the Czech Insolvency Act (other than senior instruments or obligations of the Issuer which in 
accordance with their terms are expressed to rank junior to the Notes); and 
(c) senior to all present or future claims from: (i) other unsecured and unsubordinated instruments or obligations 
of the Issuer which in accordance with their terms are expressed to rank junior to the Notes; (ii) Tier 2 instruments 
pursuant to Article 63 CRR of the Issuer; (iii) Additional Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 52 CRR of the 
Issuer; (iv) all other subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer; and (v) ordinary shares and other 
Common Equity Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 28 CRR of the Issuer.] 
For the avoidance of doubt, claims under the Notes will be satisfied in the ranking described in §3 (1) regardless 
of the fact whether the Notes qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments. 
Where:

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
CRR means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on 
prudential 
requirements 
for 
credit 
institutions 
and 
investment 
firms 
and 
amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to time, 
and any references in these Conditions to relevant Articles of the CRR include references to any applicable 
provisions of law amending or replacing such Articles from time to time. 
Czech Insolvency Act means Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its Resolution 
(Insolvency Act), as amended from time to time and any references in these Conditions to relevant provisions of 
the Czech Insolvency Act include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such 
provisions from time to time. 
Czech Recovery and Resolution Act means Czech Act No. 374/2015 Coll., on Recovery and Resolution in the 
Financial Market, as amended from time to time and any references in these Conditions to relevant provisions 
of the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or 
replacing such provisions from time to time. 
Eligible Liabilities Instruments means any (directly issued) debt instruments of the Issuer that qualify as 
eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to Article 72b CRR or Section 127 et seq. of the Czech Recovery and 
Resolution Act, as the case may be, which are included in the amount to be complied with for the purposes of 
fulfilling the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities or loss-absorbing capacity of the Issuer 
or the Group pursuant to the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act, including any debt instruments that qualify as 
eligible liabilities items pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR or the Czech Recovery and Resolution 
Act, as the case may be. 
Group means the group as defined in Section 2(1)(n) of the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act to which the 
Issuer belongs. 
(2) No Set-off/Netting; No Security/Guarantee; No Enhancement of Seniority. 
The Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine their capacity to absorb 
losses in resolution. Claims of the Issuer are not permitted to be set-off against or netted against (which includes 
any rights from close-out netting) any payment to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of 
the claims under the Notes. No contractual collateral may be provided by the Issuer or any third person to secure 
the claims under the Notes. 
(3) Possibility of statutory resolution measures. Prior to any insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, under the 
applicable banking resolution provisions, the Resolution Authority may exercise the power to write-down 
(including to zero) the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, convert them into shares or other instruments 
of ownership of the Issuer, in each case in whole or in part, or apply any other resolution tool or action, including 
(but not limited to) any deferral or transfer of the obligations to another entity, an amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions or a cancellation of the Notes. Any Holder’s right to a compensation pursuant to Section 177 of the 
Czech Recovery and Resolution Act, implementing Article 75 BRRD, is not affected by this § 3(3). 
Where: 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and amending Council 
Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 
2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the 
European Parliament and of the Council Text with EEA relevance, as amended from time to time and any 
references in these Conditions to relevant provisions of the BRRD include references to any applicable provisions 
of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
Resolution Authority means the resolution authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(130) CRR which is responsible 
for recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an individual and/or consolidated basis. 
(5) In the event of declaration of insolvency of the Issuer, the claims under the Notes that may be issued under 
this debt issuance programme of the Issuer from time to time will be satisfied, according to their status specified 
in the Conditions, in the following mutual ranking (in descending order from obligations satisfied preferentially):

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
(a) claims under Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes; 
(b) claims under Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes; and 
(c) claims under Subordinated Notes. 
If any statutory resolution measures consisting in a write-down or conversion of the Notes are exercised, the 
claims associated with the relevant Notes will be written-down or converted in inverse ranking to the ranking in 
which these claims will be satisfied in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency. 
§ 4 
(Interest) 
[In case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
(1) Rate of Interest, Interest Period[s]. 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their principal amount 
during the Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert date] (the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [last] Coupon date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1)]. 
[An][The] Interest Period is respectively from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date][Maturity Date] [and thereafter from (and including) each 
[in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period 
insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the 
next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: next 
following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date].] 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) The rate of interest is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum] [insert other period]. 
(2) Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
in arrear. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] in each year (each such date a Coupon 
Date) and always remain unadjusted.] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the Coupon Date) and it 
remains unadjusted.]  
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert last 
Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date.  
Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. This may 
fall on a Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls on a day which 
is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
(Business Day Convention).  
[In the case of [short] [long] Interest Periods insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] [extended]; 
[first Coupon Date is: [●] [last Coupon Date is: [●].] 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of less than a 
full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below).] 
(1) Rate of Interest, Interest Periods. The Notes shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in 
arrear based on their principal amount from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the 
Interest Commencement Date) for 
- 
the first [insert number if necessary] Interest Period[s], [last Coupon Date in this regard is [insert 
Date]] [last Interest Payment Date in this regard is in [insert month/year]], with an interest rate of 
[insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum] [insert other period] [[and][,].

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
- 
[insert provisions for further Interest Periods: 
[●]] 
- 
the [last] [insert number if necessary] Interest Period[s], [last Coupon Date in this regard is [insert 
Date]] [last Interest Payment Date in this regard is in [insert month/year], with an interest rate of 
[insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum] [insert other period]. 
An Interest Period is respectively from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
[in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: first Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest 
Period insert: first Interest Payment Date] and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment 
of Interest Period insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Interest Payment 
Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following Coupon 
Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: next following Interest Payment 
Date or the Maturity Date]. 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(2) Coupon Dates, Interest Payment Dates. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in 
arrear. Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] in each year (each such date an Coupon 
Date) and always remain unadjusted. 
The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert last 
Coupon Date]. 
The payment of interest shall be made on the relevant Interest Payment Date.  
Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. This may 
fall on the Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls on a day which 
is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
(Business Day Convention).  
[In the case of [short] [long] Interest Period, insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] [extended]; 
[first Coupon Date is: [insert first Coupon Date] [last Coupon Date is: [insert last Coupon Date].] 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of less than a 
full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below).] 
[In case of Fixed Rate Notes with Coupon-Reset, insert: 
(4) Rate of Interest, Interest Period[s]. 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their principal amount 
during the Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert date] (the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1)]. 
[An][The] Interest Period is respectively from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date][Maturity Date] [and thereafter from (and including) each 
[in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period 
insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the 
next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: next 
following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date].] 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) The rate of interest in respect of each Interest Period until the redemption date (excluding) is [insert Rate 
of Interest] per cent. [per annum] [insert other period] and in respect of each Interest Period from the 
redemption date (including) up to the Maturity Date (excluding) is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
which is equal to the sum of (i) the [insert swap rate] which appears on the Screen Page as of the [Observation 
Day] and (ii) [insert Reset fixed interest rate] per cent.

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
(5) Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
in arrear. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] in each year (each such date a Coupon 
Date) and always remain unadjusted.] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the Coupon Date) and it 
remains unadjusted.]  
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert last 
Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. This may 
fall on a Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls on a day which 
is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
(Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of [short] [long] Interest Periods insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] [extended]; 
[first Coupon Date is: [●] [last Coupon Date is: [●].] 
(6) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of less than a 
full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below).] 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes insert: 
(7) Interest Period[s], Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their principal amount 
during the Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [last] Coupon 
Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1)].  
[An][The] Interest Period is [respectively] from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [and thereafter from (and including) 
each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest 
Period insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: 
the next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: the 
next following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date].] 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) Coupon Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear. [Coupon Dates 
are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] (each such date a Coupon Date) and always remain 
unadjusted.] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the Coupon Date) and it remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert last 
Coupon Date].] 
(c) Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. This may 
fall on the Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls on a day which 
is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
(Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of [short] [long] Interest Period insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened][extended]; 
[first Coupon Date is: [insert first Coupon Date] [(First Coupon Date)]] [last Coupon Date is: [insert last 
Coupon Date] [(Last Coupon Date)]].] 
[Options for various Reference Rates regarding the rate of interest: 
[In case the rate of interest shall be calculated on the basis of a Reference Interest Rate, insert:

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
(8) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) for [the][each] Interest Period will, except as 
provided below, be  
[For EURIBOR or another Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight reference rate, 
insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate[, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00 per cent. p.a., a 
Reference Interest Rate of 0.00 per cent. p.a. will be applied,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, 
multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] 
[insert other time period].] 
[For Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily €STR or another 
compounded daily overnight reference rate, insert: 
the Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] calculated on a compounded basis for the 
relevant Interest Period in accordance with the formula below on the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference 
Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] (as defined below) [,whereby a 
Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] of 0.00 per cent. p.a. will be applied, should 
such Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] be below 0.00 per cent. p.a.,] [in case of 
multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case 
of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed 
as a percentage rate [per annum] [insert other time period]. 
The Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant [Interest 
Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
Applicable Period means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation Method is 
observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
BD means a [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day. 
D means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days in such 
Applicable Period. 
i means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
ni for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day i up to but excluding the following [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business 
Day. 
Observation Method means [lag][observation shift]. 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable). 
p means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days (provided that 
p shall not be less than five [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days without the prior written agreement of the 
Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days). 
r means: 
[where SONIA is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate, in respect of any SONIA-Business Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of such SONIA-Business Day.] 
[where SOFR is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate in respect of any SOFR-Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such SOFR-Business Day.] 
[where €STR is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate, in respect of any €STR-Business Day, the 
€STR in respect of such €STR-Business Day.] 
r(i-pBD) means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of r above for, [where lag is specified as 
the Observation Method: the [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day (being a [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-
]Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days 
prior to the relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day i.][otherwise: the relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-
][€STR-]Business Day i.]] 
[In the case of [short] [long] first Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the First Coupon Date (the Interpolated Interest 
Period), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between the available 
reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and the available 
reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of [short] [long] last Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Last Coupon Date (the Interpolated Interest 
Period), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between the available 
reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and the available 
reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period.)] 
[Factor means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] as 
[+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
[Margin corresponds to a surcharge or disagio in percentage points and has been determined [for the [first] [●] 
Interest Period] as [●] [for the [●] Interest Period] as [●]] [insert further].] 
[In case the rate of interest is determined on the basis of a Reference CMS Rate, the following applies: 
(9) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) for each Interest Period will be expressed in 
per cent. per annum and is determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined in § 7 (Agents)) in accordance with 
the following formula: 
[Min][Max] [{][Max][Min] [(][(][[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] CMS [* Factor]] [-] [+] [[●]-year(s) 
[insert relevant currency] CMS [* Factor]] [+] [-] [Margin][)] [; [(] [[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] 
CMS [* Factor]] [-] [+] [[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] CMS [* Factor]] [+] [-] [Margin][)])][; [(] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] CMS [* Factor]] [-] [+] [[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [+][-][Margin] [)] }] 
[In the case of [short] [long] first Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the First Coupon Date (the Interpolated Interest 
Period), for which the relevant swap rate will be the linear interpolation between the available swap rate with

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and the available swap rate with the next 
longer term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of [short] [long] last Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Last Coupon Date (the Interpolated Interest 
Period), for which the relevant swap rate will be the linear interpolation between the available swap rate with 
the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and the available swap rate with the next 
longer term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period.)] 
[Factor means a positive or negative number [(between 0 and 25 in case a multiple of the relevant CMS or CMS 
spread shall be used in the calculation of the Rate of Interest)] and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest 
Period] as [●] [insert further].] 
[Margin corresponds to a surcharge or disagio in percentage points and has been determined [for the [first] [●] 
Interest Period] as [●] [for the [●] Interest Period] as [●]] [insert further].] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for floating interest: 
[(3)] [In case a minimum rate of interest applies insert: Minimum Rate of Interest: If the Rate of Interest in 
respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above provisions is less 
than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert minimum 
rate of interest] (Floor).] 
[In case a maximum rate of interest applies insert: Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater than 
[insert maximum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert maximum rate 
of interest] (Cap).] 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the 
Interest Amount) payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period. The relevant Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to [the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes] [the Specified Denomination] and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards. 
[(●)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest[, each Interest Amount] for each Interest Period, [and] each 
Interest Period [and the relevant Interest Payment Date]  
(i) to be notified to the Issuer[,] [the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] as soon as possible after 
their determination, but in no event later than [the second] [●] Business Day prior to the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period] [first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert other time], and 
(ii) to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) 
hereof.  
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of the 
stock exchange on which the Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.]  
Each Interest Amount and each Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the Issuer [, the Clearing System,] [any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed], [any Paying Agent] and to the Holders in accordance with 
§ [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).]] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert:

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest[, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period,] [and] each 
Interest Period [and the relevant Interest Payment Date]  
[(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, [the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] as soon as possible 
after their determination, but in no event later than [[●] Business Day prior to the expiry of the relevant Interest 
Period] [[the second] [●] Business Day prior to the [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] of the relevant Interest 
Period] [insert other time], and] 
[(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer [, the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] on the day which 
is two (2) Business Days after the end of the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [specify other date], and] 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange 
Listing) hereof. 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of the 
stock exchange on which the Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.] 
[In case of Notes with Fixed to [Fixed to] Floating interest rates, insert: 
(10) Fixed Interest.  
(a) Rate of Interest, Fixed Interest Period[s], Interest Exchange Day. The Notes shall bear interest [annually] 
[semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their principal amount during the Fixed Interest Period[s] from 
(and including) [insert date] (the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the [in case of no 
adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [first] [●] [last] Fixed Coupon Date] [, i.e. [insert date]] [in case of 
an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [first] [●] [last] Fixed Interest Payment Date] (the Fixed Interest 
Rate Period). 
[A][The] Fixed Interest Period is [respectively] from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] [Fixed Coupon Date] [[or] Interest 
Exchange Day]] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [first] [Fixed Interest Payment Date] 
[[or] Interest Exchange Day] [and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Fixed 
Interest Period insert: Fixed Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: Fixed 
Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: the 
next following Fixed Coupon Date or Interest Exchange Day, as the case may be] [in case of an adjustment of 
Fixed Interest Period insert: next following Fixed Interest Payment Date or Interest Exchange Day, as the case 
may be]. 
Interest Exchange Day means [the [last] Fixed Coupon Date, ]i.e. [insert date]] [the Fixed Interest Payment 
Date relating to the [last] Fixed Coupon Date [, i.e. [insert [last] Fixed Coupon Date]]. 
The Fixed Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
[In case of one interest rate for the entire Fixed Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate of interest for the Fixed 
Interest Rate Period is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum] [insert other period] (the Fixed Interest 
Rate).] 
[In case of several interest rates during the Fixed Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate[s] of interest during the 
Fixed Interest Rate Period [is][are] for the [first] Fixed Interest Period [from the Interest Commencement Date 
to the [first][Fixed Coupon Date][Fixed Interest Payment Date] [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum] 
[,][and] [for the [n-th] Fixed Interest Period from the [insert relevant Fixed Coupon Date][insert relevant Fixed 
Interest Payment Date] to the [insert relevant Fixed Coupon Date][insert relevant Fixed Interest Payment 
Date] [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum]] [,][and] [insert further/other period] (the relevant Fixed 
Interest Rate[s]).]  
(b) Fixed Coupon Date[s], Fixed Interest Payment Date[s]. Fixed interest shall be payable in arrear. [Fixed 
Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Fixed Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] (each such date a Fixed 
Coupon Date) and remain always unadjusted.] [Fixed Coupon Date is on [insert Fixed Coupon Date] (the 
Fixed Coupon Date) and it remains unadjusted.]

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
[The first Fixed Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Fixed Coupon Date]. The last Fixed Coupon Date [insert 
last Fixed Coupon Date].] 
Fixed interest on the Notes shall be payable on [each][the] Fixed Interest Payment Date. 
Fixed Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the fixed interest is in fact due and payable. 
This may fall on a Fixed Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Fixed Coupon Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out in § 
5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of [short] [long] Fixed Interest Period insert: [The [first] [last] Fixed Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended]; [first Fixed Coupon Date is: [insert first Fixed Coupon Date] [last Fixed Coupon Date is: [insert 
last Fixed Coupon Date]] 
(c) Calculation of Fixed Interest for Partial Periods. If fixed interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
(11) Floating Interest. 
(a) Rate of Interest, Floating Interest Period[s], Floating Interest Payment Date[s]. The Notes shall bear 
interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their principal amount during the Floating 
Interest Period[s] from (and including) the Interest Exchange Day to (but excluding) the [in case of no 
adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [last] Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of 
Floating Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1)]. 
[A][The] Floating Interest Period is [respectively] from (and including) the Interest Exchange Day to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating Coupon Date] [in 
case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] 
[and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: Floating 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: Floating Interest Payment Date] to 
(but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: the next following Floating 
Coupon Date or last Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: the 
next following Floating Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Floating Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) Floating Coupon Date[s]. Floating interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear. 
[Floating Coupon Dates are in each case on [insert floating coupon dates] [in each year] (each such date a 
Floating Coupon Date) and always remain unadjusted.]  
[Floating Coupon Date is the [insert floating coupon date] and it always remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Floating Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Floating Coupon Date]. The last Floating Coupon Date 
shall be on [insert last Floating Coupon Date].] 
(c) Floating Interest Payment Date[s].  
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [each][the] Floating Interest Payment Date.  
Floating Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the floating interest is in fact due and 
payable. This may fall on the Floating Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the 
Floating Coupon Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day based on the application of the adjustment 
provision as set out in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of [short] [long] Floating Interest Periods insert: [The [first] [last] Floating Interest Period is 
[shortened] [extended]; [first Floating Coupon Date is: [insert first Floating Coupon Date] [(First Coupon 
Date)]] [last Floating Coupon Date is: [insert last Floating Coupon Date] [(Last Coupon Date)]].] 
[Options for various Reference Rates regarding the floating rate of interest: 
[In case the floating rate of interest shall be calculated on the basis of a Reference Interest Rate, insert:

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
(d) Floating Rate of Interest. The floating rate of interest (the Floating Rate of Interest) for [the][each] Floating 
Interest Period will, except as provided below, be  
[For EURIBOR or another Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight reference rate, 
insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate [, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00 per cent. p.a., a 
Reference Interest Rate of 0.00 per cent. p.a. will be applied,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, 
multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] 
[insert other time period].] 
[For Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily €STR or another 
compounded daily overnight reference rate, insert: 
the Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] calculated on a compounded basis for the 
relevant Interest Period in accordance with the formula below on the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference 
Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] (as defined below) [,whereby a 
Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] of 0.00 per cent. p.a. will be applied, should 
such Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] be below 0.00 per cent. p.a.,] [in case of 
multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case 
of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed 
as a percentage rate [per annum] [insert other time period]. 
The Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant [Interest 
Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
Applicable Period means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation Method is 
observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
BD means a [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day. 
D means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days in such 
Applicable Period. 
i means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
ni for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day i up to but excluding the following [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business 
Day. 
Observation Method means [lag][observation shift]. 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable). 
p means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days (provided that 
p shall not be less than five [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-] Business Days without the prior written agreement of 
the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days). 
r means: 
[where SONIA is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate, in respect of any SONIA-Business Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of such SONIA-Business Day.] 
[where SOFR is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate in respect of any SOFR-Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such SOFR-Business Day.] 
[where €STR is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate, in respect of any €STR-Business Day, the 
€STR in respect of such €STR-Business Day.] 
r(i-pBD) means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of r above for, [where lag is specified as 
the Observation Method: the [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day (being a [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-
]Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days 
prior to the relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day i.][otherwise: the relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-
][€STR-]Business Day i.]] 
[In the case of [short] [long] first Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the First Floating Coupon Date (the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear 
interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the 
term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of [short] [long] last Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the Last Floating Coupon Date (the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear 
interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the 
term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[Factor means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] as 
[+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
[Margin corresponds to a surcharge or disagio in percentage points and has been determined [for the [first] [●] 
Interest Period] as [●] [for the [●] Interest Period] as [●]] [insert further].] 
[In case the floating rate of interest is determined on the basis of a Reference CMS Rate, the following applies: 
(d) Floating Rate of Interest. The floating rate of interest (the Floating Rate of Interest) for each Floating 
Interest Period will be expressed in per cent. per annum and is determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined 
in § 7 (Agents)) in accordance with the following formula: 
[Min][Max] [{][Max][Min] [(][(][[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] CMS [* Factor]] [-] [+] [[●]-year(s) 
[insert relevant currency] CMS [* Factor]] [+] [-] [Margin][)] [; [(] [[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] 
CMS [* Factor]] [-] [+] [[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] CMS [* Factor]] [+] [-] [Margin][)])][; [(] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] CMS [* Factor]] [-] [+] [[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [+][-][Margin] [)] }] 
[In the case of [short] [long] first Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert:

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the First Floating Coupon Date (the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period), for which the relevant swap rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available swap rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period and 
the available swap rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of [short] [long] last Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the Last Floating Coupon Date (the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period), for which the relevant swap rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available swap rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period and 
the available swap rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[Factor means a positive or negative number [(between 0 and 25 in case a multiple of the relevant CMS or CMS 
spread shall be used in the calculation of the Rate of Interest)] and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest 
Period] as [●] [insert further].] 
[Margin corresponds to a surcharge or disagio in percentage points and has been determined [for the [first] [●] 
Interest Period] as [●] [for the [●] Interest Period] as [●]] [insert further].] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for floating interest: 
[(3)] [In case a minimum rate of interest applies insert: Minimum Rate of Interest: If the Floating Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Floating Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Floating Interest Period 
shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] (Floor).] 
[In case a maximum rate of interest applies insert: Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Floating Rate of Interest 
in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Floating Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Floating Interest 
Period shall be [insert maximum rate of interest] (Cap).] 
([3][4][5]) Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after [the][each] time at 
which the Floating Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Floating Rate of Interest and calculate the 
amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Notes for the relevant Floating Interest Period. The 
relevant Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Floating Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction 
(as defined below) to [the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes] [the Specified Denomination] 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded 
upwards. 
[(●)] Notification of Floating Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest[, each Interest Amount for each Floating Interest 
Period,] [and] each Floating Interest Period [and the relevant Floating Interest Payment Date]  
(i) to be notified to the Issuer[,] [the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] as soon as possible after 
their determination, but in no event later than [the second] [●] Business Day prior to the commencement of the 
[relevant] Floating Interest Period] [first day of the [relevant] Floating Interest Period] [insert other time], and 
(ii) to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) 
hereof.  
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of the 
stock exchange on which the Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.]  
Each Interest Amount and each Floating Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Floating Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the Issuer [, the 
Clearing System,] [any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed], [any Paying Agent] and to the Holders 
in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).]]

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest[, each Interest Amount for each Floating Interest 
Period,] [and] each Floating Interest Period [and the relevant Floating Interest Payment Date]  
[(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, [the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] as soon as possible 
after their determination, but in no event later than the [[●] Business Day prior to the expiry of the [relevant] 
Floating Interest Period] [[the second] [●] Business Day prior to the Floating [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment 
Date] of the [relevant] Floating Interest Period] [insert other time], and] 
[(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer [, the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] on the day which 
is two (2) Business Days after the end of the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [specify other date], and] 
(ii) to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) 
hereof.  
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of the 
stock exchange on which the Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.] 
[In case of Notes with Floating to Fixed interest rates, insert: 
(1) Floating Interest. 
(a) Floating Rate of Interest, Floating Interest Period[s], Interest Exchange Day. The Notes shall bear interest 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their principal amount during the Floating Interest 
Period[s] from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [last] Floating Coupon Date] 
[in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [last] Floating Interest Payment Date]. 
[A][The] Floating Interest Period is [respectively] from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating Coupon Date] 
[in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating Interest Payment Date] [and 
thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: Floating 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: Floating Interest Payment Date] to 
(but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: the next following Floating 
Coupon Date or the Interest Exchange Day] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: the 
next following Floating Interest Payment Date or the Interest Exchange Day]. 
Interest Exchange Day means [insert last Floating Coupon Date] [the Floating Interest Payment Date relating 
to the Floating Coupon Date [insert last Floating Coupon Date]]. 
The Floating Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) Floating Coupon Dates. Floating interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear. 
[Floating Coupon Dates are in each case on [insert floating coupon dates] [in each year] (each such date a 
Floating Coupon Date) and always remain unadjusted.] [Floating Coupon Date is the [insert floating coupon 
date] and it always remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Floating Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Floating Coupon Date]. The last Floating Coupon Date 
shall be on [insert last Floating Coupon Date].] 
(c) Floating Interest Payment Date[s]. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [each][the] Floating Interest Payment Date. Floating Interest Payment 
Date means such Business Day, on which the floating interest is in fact due and payable. This may fall on the 
Floating Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Floating Coupon Date falls on a 
day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out in § 
5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Business Day Convention).

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
[In the case of [short] [long] Floating Interest Periods insert: [The [first] [last] Floating Interest Period is 
[shortened] [extended]; [first Floating Coupon Date is: [insert first Floating Coupon Date] [(First Floating 
Coupon Date)]] [last Floating Coupon Date is: [insert last Floating Coupon Date] [(Last Floating Coupon 
Date)]].] 
[Options for various Reference Rates regarding the floating rate of interest: 
[In case the floating rate of interest shall be calculated on the basis of a Reference Interest Rate, insert: 
(d) Floating Rate of Interest. The floating rate of interest (the Floating Rate of Interest) for [the][each] Floating 
Interest Period will, except as provided below, be  
[For EURIBOR or another Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight reference rate, 
insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate [, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00 per cent. p.a., a 
Reference Interest Rate of 0.00 per cent. p.a. will be applied,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, 
multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] 
[insert other time period].] 
[For Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily €STR or another 
compounded daily overnight reference rate, insert: 
the Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] calculated on a compounded basis for the 
relevant Interest Period in accordance with the formula below on the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference 
Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] (as defined below) [,whereby a 
Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] of 0.00 per cent. p.a. will be applied, should 
such Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] be below 0.00 per cent. p.a.,] [in case of 
multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case 
of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed 
as a percentage rate [per annum] [insert other time period]. 
The Compounded Daily [insert relevant overnight reference rate] means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant [Interest 
Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
Applicable Period means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation Method is 
observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
BD means a [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day. 
D means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days in such 
Applicable Period. 
i means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first [SONIA-
][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day in such Applicable Period.

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
ni for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
[SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day i up to but excluding the following [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business 
Day. 
Observation Method means [lag][observation shift]. 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable). 
p means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-] Business Days (provided that 
p shall not be less than five [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days without the prior written agreement of the 
Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days). 
r means: 
[where SONIA is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate, in respect of any SONIA-Business Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of such SONIA-Business Day.] 
[where SOFR is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate in respect of any SOFR-Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such SOFR-Business Day.] 
[where €STR is specified as the relevant overnight reference rate, in respect of any €STR-Business Day, the 
€STR in respect of such €STR-Business Day.] 
r(i-pBD) means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of r above for, [where lag is specified as 
the Observation Method: the [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day (being a [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-
]Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling p [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Days 
prior to the relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-][€STR-]Business Day i.][otherwise: the relevant [SONIA-][SOFR-
][€STR-]Business Day i.]] 
[In the case of [short] [long] first Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the First Floating Coupon Date (the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear 
interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the 
term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of [short] [long] last Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the Last Floating Coupon Date (the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear 
interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the 
term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[Factor means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] as 
[+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
[Margin corresponds to a surcharge or disagio in percentage points and has been determined [for the [first] [●] 
Interest Period] as [●] [for the [●] Interest Period] as [●]] [insert further].] 
[In case the floating rate of interest is determined on the basis of a Reference CMS Rate, the following applies: 
(e) Floating Rate of Interest. The floating rate of interest (the Floating Rate of Interest) for each Floating 
Interest Period will be expressed in per cent. per annum and is determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined 
in § 7 (Agents)) in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
[Min][Max] [{][Max][Min] [(][(][[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] CMS [* Factor]] [-] [+] [[●]-year(s) 
[insert relevant currency] CMS [* Factor]] [+] [-] [Margin][)] [; [(] [[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] 
CMS [* Factor]] [-] [+] [[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] CMS [* Factor]] [+] [-] [Margin][)])][; [(] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] CMS [* Factor]] [-] [+] [[●]-year(s) [insert relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [+][-][Margin] [)] }] 
[In the case of [short] [long] first Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the First Floating Coupon Date (the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period), for which the relevant swap rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available swap rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period and 
the available swap rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of [short] [long] last Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the Last Floating Coupon Date (the 
Interpolated Floating Interest Period), for which the relevant swap rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available swap rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period and 
the available swap rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[Factor means a positive or negative number [(between 0 and 25 in case a multiple of the relevant CMS or CMS 
spread shall be used in the calculation of the Rate of Interest)] and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest 
Period] as [●] [insert further].] 
[Margin corresponds to a surcharge or disagio in percentage points and has been determined [for the [first] [●] 
Interest Period] as [●] [for the [●] Interest Period] as [●]] [insert further].] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for floating interest: 
[In case minimum rate of interest applies insert: Minimum Rate of Interest. If the Floating Rate of Interest in 
respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Floating Interest Period determined in accordance with the above provisions 
is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Floating Rate of Interest for such Floating Interest Period 
shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] per cent. per annum (Floor).] 
[In case maximum rate of interest applies insert: Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Floating Rate of Interest in 
respect of any [the first] [the [●]] [any] Floating Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Floating Rate of Interest for such Floating 
Interest Period shall be [insert maximum rate of interest] per cent. per annum (Cap).] 
[(e)] Floating Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Floating Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Floating Rate of Interest and calculate the 
amount of interest (the Floating Interest Amount) payable on the Notes for the relevant Floating Interest Period. 
The relevant Floating Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Floating Rate of Interest and the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined below) to the [aggregate principal amount of the Notes] [Specified Denomination] 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded 
upwards. 
[(f)] 
Notification of Floating Rate of Interest and Floating Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest[, each Interest Amount for each Floating Interest 
Period,] [and] each Floating Interest Period [and the relevant Floating Interest Payment Date]  
(i) to be notified to the Issuer[,] [the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] as soon as possible after 
their determination, but in no event later than [the second] [●] Business Day prior to the commencement of the 
[relevant] Floating Interest Period] [first day of the [relevant] Floating Interest Period] [insert other time], and 
(ii) to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) 
hereof.

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of the 
stock exchange on which the Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.]  
Each Interest Amount and each Floating Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Floating Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the Issuer [, the 
Clearing System,] [any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed], [any Paying Agent] and to the Holders 
in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).]] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest[, each Interest Amount for each Floating Interest 
Period,] [and] each Floating Interest Period [and the relevant Floating Interest Payment Date] 
[(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, [the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] as soon as possible 
after their determination, but in no event later than [[●] Business Day prior to the expiry of the [relevant] Floating 
Interest Period] [[the second] [●] Business Day prior to the Floating [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] of 
the [relevant] Floating Interest Period]] [insert other time], and] 
[(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer [, the Clearing System] [any Paying Agent] [and] [if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange] on the day which 
is two (2) Business Days after the end of the [Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [specify other date], and] 
(ii) to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) 
hereof. 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of the 
stock exchange on which the Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.] 
(2) Fixed Interest 
(a) Rate of Interest, Fixed Interest Period[s]. The Notes shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear based on their principal amount during the Fixed Interest Period[s] from (and including) the 
Interest Exchange Day to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [last] 
Fixed Coupon date] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6] 
(the Fixed Interest Rate Period). 
[A][The] Fixed Interest Period is respectively from (and including) the Interest Exchange Day to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [first] Fixed Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [first] Fixed Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [and 
thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: Fixed Coupon 
Date] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: Fixed Interest Payment Date] to (but each 
excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: the next following Fixed Coupon Date or 
last Fixed Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: last Fixed Interest Payment 
Date or Maturity Date]]. 
The Fixed Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
[In case of one interest rate for the entire Fixed Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate of interest for the Fixed 
Interest Rate Period is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum] [insert other period] (the Fixed Interest 
Rate).] 
[In case of several interest rates during the Fixed Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate[s] of interest during the 
Fixed Interest Rate Period [is][are] for the [first] Fixed Interest Period [from the Interest Exchange Day to the 
[first][Fixed Coupon Date][Fixed Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per 
annum] [,][and] [for the [n-th] Fixed Interest Period from the [insert relevant Fixed Coupon Date][insert 
relevant Fixed Interest Payment Date] to the [insert relevant Fixed Coupon Date][insert relevant Fixed 
Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. [per annum]] [,][and] [insert 
further/other period] (the relevant Fixed Interest Rate[s]).]

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
(b) Fixed Coupon Date[s], Fixed Interest Payment Date[s]. Fixed interest shall be payable in arrear. [Fixed 
Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Fixed Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] (each such date a Fixed 
Coupon Date) and always remain unadjusted.] [Fixed Coupon Date is on [insert Fixed Coupon Date] (the 
Fixed Coupon Date) and it remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Fixed Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Fixed Coupon Date]. The last Fixed Coupon Date [insert 
last Fixed Coupon Date].] 
Fixed interest shall be payable on [the] [each] Fixed Interest Payment Date. 
Fixed Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the fixed interest is in fact due and payable. 
This may fall on the Fixed Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Fixed Coupon 
Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out 
in § 5[(4)][(5)][(6)] (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of [short] [long] Fixed Interest Period insert: [The [first] [last] Fixed Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended]; [first Fixed Coupon Date is: [insert first Fixed Coupon Date] [last Fixed Coupon Date is: [insert 
last Fixed Coupon Date].] 
(c) Calculation of Fixed Interest for Partial Periods. If fixed interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below).] 
[In case of Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
(3) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will not be any periodic payments of interest on the Notes. The 
Amortisation Yield[s] [is][are] [insert Amortisation Yield] 
[In the case of different Amortisation Yields for individual Interest Periods, set forth applicable provisions 
(including fallback provisions) herein]] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for interest: 
[(●)] Accrual of Interest and Default Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
accrue on the [principal amount][redemption amount] of the Notes from (and including) the due date to (but 
excluding) the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by law.14 
[(●)] Day Count Fraction. Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined below) during 
which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation Period will be the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(b) if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the Calculation Period will 
be the sum of:  
(i) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination 
Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year][; and 
(ii) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by [the 
product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year].] 
 
14  According to paragraphs 288(1) and 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (BGB), the default rate of interest 
established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank semi-annually.

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
Where: 
Determination Period means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is 
normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any year to but excluding the next 
[insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the 
alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).]  
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365) (Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the relevant Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated as follows: (30/360, 360/360 
or Bond Basis): 
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Where: 
DCF means Day Count Fraction; 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless that number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless that number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30.] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the relevant Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated as follows (30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis): 
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Where: 
DCF means Day Count Fraction; 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless that number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.] 
§ 5 
(Payments) 
(1) [(a)] Payment of Principal. Payment of principal, and any additional amounts, in respect of the Notes shall 
be made[, subject to subparagraph (2) below,] to [the Clearing System or to its order] [the Paying Agent] for 
credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders [of the Clearing System] [upon presentation and (except in 
the case of partial payment) surrender of the Global Note representing the Notes at the time of payment at the 
specified office of the [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent]]. Payment of principal and any additional amounts 
in respect of the Notes shall be made to each Holder that was a Holder at the close of business on the date being 
15 Business Days prior to the relevant payment date (the Entitlement Date). 
[In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes and any additional amounts shall be made[, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order] [Paying Agent] for credit to the relevant account holders 
[of the Clearing System]. Payment of interest on the Notes shall be made to each Holder that was a Holder at the 
close of business on the relevant Entitlement Date. 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary Global Note, insert: Payment of interest on Notes represented 
by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in § 2(2)(b).] 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in the freely negotiable and convertible currency which on the respective 
due date is the currency of the country of the Specified Currency. 
[In the case of Notes not denominated in Euro, insert: 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the respective Payment Business Day is not available to it in 
such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons beyond its control or that the Specified Currency or any 
successor currency to it provided for by law (the Successor Currency) is no longer used for the settlement of 
international financial transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment obligations by making such payment in 
Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the respective Payment Business Day on the basis of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled to [further] interest or any other payment as a result 
thereof. The Applicable Exchange Rate shall be, (i) if available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for 
the Specified Currency or the Successor Currency determined and published by the European Central Bank for 
the most recent practicable date falling within a reasonable period (as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion) prior to the day on which the payment is made or, (ii) if such rate is not available, the foreign exchange 
rate of the Specified Currency or the Successor Currency against the Euro as determined by the Issuer in its 
equitable discretion.] 
[(3) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to [, or to the order of, the Clearing System] [the 
Paying Agent].] 
[(3)][(4)] Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day, then the payability and actual payment date depend on the Business Day Convention as applicable 
according to subparagraph ([5][6]). The Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next such day in the 
relevant place. Irrespective of the provisions regarding the Interest Period, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
[[Payment] Business Day in this § 5 means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [the Clearing 
System] [if the Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed for other reasons insert: [as well as] the 
real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor/replacement system (T2)

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
(TARGET)] [is][are] operational][and] [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
[insert all relevant financial centres].] 
[[(4)][(5)][(6)]] Business Day Convention. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note would 
fall on a day which is not a Payment Business Day, it shall be 
[if Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day. 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if FRN Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date.]] 
[Business Day in this § 5 means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [the Clearing System] [if 
the Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed for other reasons insert: [as well as] the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor/replacement system (T2) (TARGET)] [is][are] 
operational][and] [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant 
financial centres].] 
[(5)][(6)] Business Day Convention. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note would fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be  
[if Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day. 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if FRN Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date.] 
§ 6 
(Redemption) 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [in case of a specified Maturity Date insert such 
Maturity Date] [in case of a Redemption Month insert: the [Floating] Interest Payment Date falling in [insert 
Redemption Month and Redemption Year]] (the Maturity Date). 
(2) Final Redemption Amount: 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be equal to its principal amount. 
""[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for reasons of taxation insert: 
(3) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation.  
(a) If there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes, including, but not limited to, change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereto or therein or any change of any tax treaty whose party is the Czech Republic or any political subdivision

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change 
in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, in particular by a court, 
arbitration tribunal or a tax administration body which amendment or change is effective on or after the date on 
which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, and if the Issuer [in case a tax gross-up obligation 
applies pursuant to § 8, insert: is required pursuant to any such change or amendment to pay additional amounts 
[in case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes insert: on the immediately succeeding [Floating] [Fixed] 
Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 4)] [in case of Zero Coupon Notes insert: at maturity or upon the sale or 
exchange of any Note]; or], does not have pursuant to any such change the right to book a tax deductible expense 
in the full amount in relation to the Notes, and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures 
available to the Issuer, the Issuer may, upon giving not more than 60 days' and not less than 30 days' prior notice 
in accordance with § 6[(4)][(5)][(6)], at any time redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) [in case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes insert: together with 
interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption (but excluding)] on the date fixed for Early Redemption 
specified in the notice, provided that the conditions laid down in § 6[(8)][(9)][(10)] are met. 
(b) However, such Early Redemption may not occur (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, 
or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. [In case of Floating Rate Notes insert: The date fixed for Early Redemption must be [a [Floating] Coupon 
Date] [Fixed Coupon Date] [[an] [a Fixed] Interest Payment Date][a Floating Interest Payment Date].] 
(c) Any such notice for Early Redemption shall be given pursuant to § 12 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange 
Listing). It shall be irrevocable and must specify the date fixed for redemption and the Early Redemption 
Amount.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[([3])][([4])] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(d) The Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole or in part, upon giving not more than [60][●] [Business Days'] 
[days'] nor less than [30][●] [Business Days'] [days'] notice in accordance with § 6[(4)][(5)][(6)], on the Call 
Redemption Date[s] at the [Call Redemption Amount[s]] [Call Redemption Rate[s]] set forth below together 
with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the [respective] Call Redemption Date, provided that the 
conditions laid down in § 6[(8)][(9)][(10)] are met. 
(e) [If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder insert: The Issuer is not entitled to 
exercise such option in respect of any Note which is subject to the prior exercise of the Holder's option to redeem 
such Note pursuant to § 6[(5)][(6)][(7)].] 
(f) [Call Redemption Date[s]] [is] [are] [insert Call Redemption Date[s]] 
(g) [Call Redemption Amount[s]] [Call Redemption Rate[s]] [is] [are] [insert Call Redemption Amount[s] 
[[Call Redemption Rate[s]]] [for the following Call Redemption Date[s] [insert Call Redemption Date[s]]. 
Such a redemption has to be made [at least] [at most] in the amount of [●] per cent. of the principal amount of 
the Notes. 
(h) [In case of a minimum Call Redemption Amount or an increased Call Redemption Amount insert: The Notes 
have to be redeemed at [their principal amount of [insert amount]] [that is at least equal to [insert minimum 
Call Redemption Amount][insert increased Call Redemption Amount]] per Note.] 
[(f)] 
If the Notes are redeemed early only in part, the Notes to be redeemed are determined [in case the Notes 
are kept in custody by a Clearing System insert: according to the rules of the relevant Clearing System][in case 
the Notes are not kept in custody by a Clearing System insert: by lot through a notary ]. 
[([3])][(4)][(5)] Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. 
If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes (including any changes to the applicable banking 
regulations, their application or interpretation by courts or the competent Resolution Authority, as defined below) 
that would be, according to the Issuer likely to result or has resulted in that the obligations for the repayment of 
the principal of the Notes are not, or in the future will not be, eligible for inclusion, in whole or in part, into the 
amount to be complied with for purposes of fulfilling the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to the applicable banking regulations on an unlimited and uncapped basis, the 
Issuer may, upon giving not more than [60][[●]][Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30][[●]][Business Days']

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
[days'] prior notice in accordance with § 6[(4)][(5)][(6)], at any time redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, 
at the [Final Redemption Amount] [Early Redemption Amount], [together with interest (if any) accrued to but 
excluding the date fixed for Early Redemption] on the date fixed for Early Redemption in the notice, provided 
that the conditions laid down in § 6[(8)][(9)][(10)] are met. 
[(4)][(5)][(6)] Notice of Early Redemption. 
Any notice of Early Redemption of the Notes shall be given by the Issuer to the [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal 
Agent] and] pursuant to § 12 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders and shall specify: 
(i) 
the indication of the Series of Notes that is to be redeemed; 
(ii) 
a statement as to whether the Series is redeemed in whole or in part and in the latter case [the aggregate 
principal amount][the total number of pieces] of the Notes to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
the date of the relevant Early Redemption or, if applicable and as the case may be, the relevant [Call] 
[Early] Redemption Date; [and] 
[(iv)] in case of an Early Redemption pursuant to [§ 6(3) (Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation) and] § 
6[(3)][(4)][(5)] (Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons), the Early Redemption Amount at which the 
Notes are redeemed or if applicable – the Call Redemption Amount at which the Notes are redeemed.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder insert: 
[(5)][(6)][(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder. 
(a) Each Holder has the right to claim an Early Redemption of the Notes in whole or in part on the Optional 
Early Redemption Date[s] at the Optional Early Redemption [Amount[s]][Rate[s]] pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (d), together with any interest accrued until the [relevant] Optional Early Redemption Date 
(excluding), provided that the conditions laid down in § 6[(8)][(9)][(10)] are met. 
(b) The Holder is not entitled to exercise such option in respect of any Note which is subject to the prior exercise 
of the Issuer's option to redeem such Note pursuant to subparagraph ([●]) of this § 6. 
After a legally effective exercise of the relevant option by the Holder pursuant to sub-paragraph (e), the Issuer 
has to redeem the Notes on the Optional Early Redemption Date[s] at the Optional Early Redemption 
[Amount[s]][Rate[s]], as described below, together with any interest accrued until the Optional Early 
Redemption Date (excluding). 
(c) Optional Early Redemption Date[s]: Optional Early Redemption Date[s] [is][are] [insert Optional Early 
Redemption Date[s]] 
(d) Optional Early Redemption Amount: [Optional Early Redemption Amount on [insert Optional Early 
Redemption Date] is [insert Optional Early Redemption Amount]]]. [Optional Early Redemption Amounts] 
are as follows: [on [insert Optional early Redemption Dates][insert Optional Early Redemption Amounts]]] 
(e) To exercise this option, the Holder has to notify the [Fiscal Agent][Principal Paying Agent] about the 
exercise of the option by way of written notification (Exercise Notification) not less than [insert minimum 
notification period of at least 15 Business Days] and not more than [insert maximum notification period] 
days after the day on which the redemption shall occur according to the Exercise Notification. If the Exercise 
Notification is received on the last day of the notice period before the Optional Early Redemption Date after 
5:00 p.m. Prague time, the exercise of the option is not effective. The Exercise Notification has to specify: (i) [the 
aggregate principal amount][the total number of pieces] of the Notes regarding which the option is exercised 
[and][,] (ii) the security identification numbers of such Notes (if assigned). The form in the German or the English 
language available at the offices of the [Fiscal Agent][Principal Paying Agent] and the Paying Agent[s] may be 
used for the purpose of the Exercise Notification. The exercise of the option is irrevocable. The Notes regarding 
which the option was exercised, will only be redeemed against delivery of the relevant Notes to the Issuer or its 
order.] 
[If Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder insert: 
[(5)][(6)][(7)] No early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. The Holders do not have a right to demand the 
early redemption of the Notes.]

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
[In case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes insert: 
[(6)][(7)][(8)] Early Redemption Amount. 
(a) For the purpose of [§ 1 (Definitions),] [§ 6(3) (Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation) and] § 
6[(3)][(4)][(5)] (Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) the Early Redemption Amount of a Note is equal to 
[the Final Redemption Amount pursuant to this § 6(2)][insert other amount/rate].] 
[In case of Zero Coupon Notes insert: 
[(6)][(7)][(8)] Early Redemption Amount. 
(f) For the purpose of this [§ 6(3) (Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation) and] § 6[(3)][(4)][(5)] (Early 
Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) the Early Redemption Amount of a Note is equal to the Amortised 
Face Amount pursuant to this § 6[(6)][(7)][(8)]. 
(g) [In the case of accrued interest being added: The amortised face amount (Amortised Face Amount) of a 
Note shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) [Reference Price] (the Reference Price), and 
(ii) the product of the Amortisation Yield being [Amortisation Yield] (compounded annually) and the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which the Notes become due and payable]. 
[In the case of unaccrued interest being deducted: The amortised face amount (Amortised Face 
Amount) of a Note shall be the principal amount thereof adjusted for interest from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the date of final repayment by the Amortisation Yield, being [insert Amortisation 
Yield]. Such calculation shall be made on the assumption of an annual capitalisation of accrued interest.] 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year (the Calculation Period) shall be made on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined in § 4).  
(h) If the Issuer fails to pay the Early Redemption Amount when due, the Amortised Face Amount of a Note 
shall be calculated as provided herein, except that references in subparagraph (g)(ii) above to the date fixed for 
redemption or the date on which such Note becomes due and repayable shall refer to the earlier of (i) the date on 
which upon due presentation and surrender of the relevant Note (if required), payment is made, and (ii) the 
fourteenth day after notice has been given by the [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent] in accordance with § 
12 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) that the funds required for redemption have been provided to the 
[Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent].]  
[(7)][(8)][(9)] Rounding of Redemption Amounts. Redemption Amounts are rounded to [insert number] 
decimals. 
[(8)][(9)][(10)] Conditions to Early Redemption and Repurchase. Any Early Redemption pursuant to this § 6 
and any repurchase pursuant to § 11(2) is subject to the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the 
Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority) for the Early Redemption or any repurchase 
pursuant to § 11(2) in accordance with the Articles 77 and 78a CRR, if and to the extent such prior permission 
is required at this time. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any Early Redemption or purchase, the prevailing 
supervisory regulations applicable to the Issuer permit the Early Redemption or repurchase only after compliance 
with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above, the Issuer shall comply with 
such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-conditions, if any. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of any Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority) 
to grant any required permission, approval or other consent shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
§ 7 
(Agents) 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents (the Agents) and their respective specified offices are:

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
Fiscal Agent: 
[●] 
[other/further Fiscal Agent] 
[●] 
[other/additional [Principal] Paying Agent/specified office(s)] 
[Calculation Agent: 
[The [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent] shall also act as Calculation Agent.] 
[Calculation Agent is: [Insert name and address of Calculation Agent]]] 
[Other Agents: [insert other Agents]] 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to change its respective specified [office] [Principal 
Paying Agent office][Fiscal Agent office] to some other [office] [Principal Paying Agent office] [Fiscal Agent 
office]. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint another [Fiscal Agent][Paying Agent] or additional or 
other Agents in accordance with all applicable regulations. Any variation, termination, appointment or change 
shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after 10 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance with § [12] (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing). 
[(3) Agents of the Issuer. Each Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not have any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder.] 
[(3)][(4)] Determinations Binding. All determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained under these Conditions by any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer and all other Agents/agents and the Holders. 
§ 8 
(Taxation) 
(1) As a withholding agent, the Issuer is liable for and bears a burden of proof vis-à-vis the tax authorities with 
respect to (i) a proper withholding of any Withholding Tax [and Tax Security (as the case may be)] which [is/are] 
required to be withheld or deducted at source under any Tax Jurisdiction’s law from any payment of principal, 
interest or any other amounts payable in respect of the Notes as well as (ii) the granting of any Tax Relief. 
Accordingly, before any Tax Relief can be granted, the Issuer will require - unless waiwed by the Issuer in 
accordance with this § 8 - for the Beneficial Ownership Information to be duly collected and delivered to the 
Issuer in accordance with the Certification Procedures. 
[In case of Zero Coupon Notes or in the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, if a tax gross-up 
obligation does not apply, insert:  
(2) All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will only be made after deduction or 
withholding of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Tax Jurisdiction (the Taxes), to the extent that such deduction or withholding is required by law. No additional 
amounts will be paid to cover the amounts so deducted or withheld. The Issuer shall account for the deducted or 
withheld Taxes with the competent government authorities.] 
[In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, if a tax gross-up obligation applies, insert:  
(2)   All payments of principal and interest or any other amounts payable by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction (the Taxes) unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will, in respect of payments of interest (if

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
any) only, pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders 
after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of interest which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Notes: 
(a) presented for payment in the Czech Republic; or 
(b) the Beneficial Owner of which is liable for Taxes in respect of such Note by reason of having some 
connection with the Tax Jurisdiction other than that under point (e) below; 
(c) presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on 
such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day (as defined in § 5([3][4])); or 
(d) where any such withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes in respect of such Note is required by 
reason of the Issuer or any person on behalf of the Issuer not having duly received a true, accurate and complete 
Beneficial Ownership Information or any other similar claim for exemption, where such Beneficial Ownership 
Information or other claim for exemption is required or imposed under the Certification Procedures, except where 
this is caused by actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
(e) the Beneficial Owner of which is a Czech Tax Resident individual[.] [; or 
(f) the Beneficial Owner of which is a Person Related Through Capital with the Issuer]. 
In the event that the Beneficial Ownership Information, or other similar claim for exemption, is not delivered to 
the Issuer in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (d) above, the Issuer 
shall withhold (i) 35 per cent. Withholding Tax from any payment of interest on such Note [and (ii) as the Notes 
are issued at a price lower than its principal amount (i.e. below par), 1 per cent. Tax Security from any payment 
of principal on such Note], unless the Issuer is satisfied, in its absolute discretion, that it has in its possession all 
necessary information enabling it to either not apply the Withholding Tax or to apply it at a reduced rate [,or not 
to apply the Tax Security]. Furthermore, the Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, and provided that it has 
obtained all necessary information substantiating such action, opt to reimburse the relevant Holders, either 
partially or in full, for such Withholding tax [or Tax Security] applied in accordance with the preceding sentence. 
For the avoidance of doubt, should the Issuer opt to provide such reimbursement, the relevant Holder shall be 
entitled to claim refund under the Quick Refund Procedure or Standard Refund Procedure (as defined in the 
Certification Procedures) only for any amount exceeding the amount of reimbursement.  
The Issuer may, at any time, waive any condition set out in this § 8 (2) to the benefit of the Beneficial Owners 
by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with § 12. 
In connection with any refund provided as part of the Standard Refund Procedure (as defined in the Certification 
Procedures), the Issuer shall be entitled to deduct from the relevant payment a fee calculated as the sum of (a) a 
fixed amount of EUR [⚫] and (b) any administrative fees, penalties, interest or similar costs such Issuer may 
incur in connection with the refund (in each case, plus any applicable value added tax).] 
(3) Subject to the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner pursuant to § 315 of the 
German Civil Code (BGB) and with not less than 30 days’ notice being given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 12 of any such determination or specification, the Issuer is entitled to make any determination or specification 
(each a Determination), without the consent of the Holders, to provision of this § 8 to reflect: 
(a) a change in applicable Czech law or regulation (including any published practice) in respect of the 
Certification Procedures, or any ruling or official interpretation thereof; 
(b) a requirement imposed by the Czech tax authorities or another competent authority in respect of the 
Certification Procedures; 
(c) a change in the standard market approach in respect of the Certification Procedures; or 
(d) a change in any applicable rules or procedures of any party to the implementation of the Certification 
Procedures. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Determination is not to be considered as amending, modifying or supplementing 
any of the terms and conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
(4) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this § 8, no additional amounts will be paid where such 
withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto or an agreement between the United States of America and the Czech 
Republic to implement FATCA or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform 
to, such agreement. 
(5) As used herein: 
Beneficial Owner means a holder of a Note if such holder is also a beneficial owner (within the OECD Model 
Tax Convention on Income and on Capital meaning of this term) in respect of income paid on such Note or a 
recipient of such income who qualifies as a beneficial owner within the above meaning. 
Beneficial Ownership Information means certain information and documentation as set forth under the 
Certification Procedures concerning, in particular, the identity and country of tax residence of a recipient of a 
payment of interest or principal in respect of a Note (together with relevant evidence thereof) which enable the 
Issuer to reliably establish that such recipient is a Beneficial Owner with respect to any such payment and that 
all conditions for the granting of a Tax Relief, if any, are met.  
Certification Procedures mean the tax relief at source and refund procedures for the Czech Republic 
implemented by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to facilitate collection of the Beneficial Ownership 
Information which are available at the website of the International Capital Market Services Association at 
www.icmsa.org, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
[Czech Tax Non-Resident means a taxpayer who is not a tax resident of the Czech Republic, either under the 
Income Taxes Act or under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Czech Tax Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic under the Czech Income 
Taxes Act as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Income Taxes Act means the Czech Act No. 586/1992 Coll., on Income Taxes, as amended.] 
[Legal Entity means a taxpayer other than an individual (i.e. a taxpayer which is subject to corporate income 
tax but who may not necessarily have a legal personality).] 
[OECD means Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.] 
[Person Related Through Capital means every person (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) in a situation 
where (i) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, another person, or (ii) 
one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, several persons and, in each 
case, such participation (whether direct or indirect) constitutes at least 25% of the registered capital of, or 25% 
of the voting rights in, such other person/persons.] 
[Relevant Date means whichever is the later of (1) the date on which the payment in question first becomes due 
and (2) if the full amount payable has not been received in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 
System by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so 
received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders.] 
Tax Jurisdiction means (i) the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax or (ii) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest on the Notes become 
generally subject. 
Tax Relief means a relief from the Withholding Tax or the Tax Security (as the case may be), whether in the 
form of an exemption or application of a reduced rate. 
[Tax Security means a special amount collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding agent 
(for example, by an issuer of a note or by a buyer of a note) upon payment of taxable income which serves 
essentially as an advance with respect to tax that is to be self-assessed by the recipient of the relevant income 
(i.e. unlike the Withholding Tax, the amount so withheld does not generally represent a final tax liability).]

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
[Tax Treaty means a valid and effective tax treaty concluded between the Czech Republic and another country 
under which the Czech Tax Non-Resident is treated as a tax resident of the latter country. In the case of Taiwan, 
the Tax Treaty is Act No. 45/2020 Coll., on the Elimination of Double Taxation in Relation to Taiwan, as 
amended.] 
[Withholding Tax means a tax collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding agent (for 
example, by an issuer of a note) upon payment of taxable income. Save in certain limited circumstances, such 
tax is generally considered as final.] 
§ 9 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) (BGB) in relation to the Notes is [(i)] [reduced to] [ten] [insert other number of years] [years] 
[unlimited] in respect of principal[.] [and (ii) [limited to] [four] [insert other number of years] [years] 
[unlimited] in respect of interest]]. 
§ 10 
(Amendment of the Conditions, Holders' Representative)  
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – SchVG) the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments 
of the Conditions, subject to the consent by the Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory 
authority), if and to the extent required, with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions which 
do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have 
expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. There will be no amendment of the Conditions 
without the Issuer's consent. 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast. Resolutions 
relating to amendments of the Conditions which are not material and which do not relate to the matters listed in 
§ 5 paragraph (3), Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. A meeting of 
Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take place in the circumstances 
of § 18 paragraph 4 sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the principal amount 
or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the Conditions: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint 
a common representative (the Holders' Representative) to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each 
Holder.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The common representative (the Holders' 
Representative) shall be [insert Name of the Holders' Representative]. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' 
Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution 
of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that 
the Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be 
entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The 
Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' Representative.

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
§ 11 
(Further Issues, Repurchases and Cancellation) 
[(1) This paragraph is intentionally left blank.] 
[(1) Issue of further Notes. The Issuer may until [insert date] without the consent of the Holders subject to 
regulatory and other statutory provisions, issue further Notes having the same Conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, issue price and the first interest payment) so as to form a 
single series with this tranche of series [insert series].] 
(2) Repurchases. Provided that the conditions laid down in § 6[(6)][(7)] are met, the Issuer may repurchase 
Notes in any market or otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, 
be held, resold or, subject to compliance with statutory prerequisites, [cancelled] [surrendered to the [Principal 
Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent] for cancellation]. 
§ 12 
(Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) 
[(1) The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing System for communication [by the 
Clearing System] [custody administration of the Issuer] to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Holders on the [number of days] day after the day on which said notice was given to the 
[Clearing System] [in [Insert Medium]]. 
[(1)][(2)] [In the case of Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system, notices shall be published in accordance with the rules and regulations 
of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. [As long as the Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices concerning the Notes will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange on www.luxse.com or such other website or other medium for the publication of notices as 
required in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.] 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on the day of such publication.] 
[A listing on a stock exchange is not envisaged.] 
[[(1)][(2)][(3)] The Issuer will [also] publish notices [on its website [www.rb.cz]] [and] [in a leading daily 
newspaper having general circulation in [Luxembourg][insert other country]. This newspaper is expected to be 
[insert newspaper]. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the [insert number of 
days] day following the date of such publication.] 
[[(2)][(3)][(4)] Any notice so given [, except in case of subparagraph [(1)][(2)],] will be deemed to have been 
validly given if published more than once, on the [insert number of days] day after the date of the first such 
publication.] 
[(2)][(3)][(4)][(5)] Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in writing in the 
English or German language. The notice must be accompanied by proof that such notifying Holder is holder of 
the relevant Notes at the time of the giving of such notice. So long as Notes are securitised in the form of a Global 
Note, such notice may be given by the Holder to the [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent] through the Clearing 
System in such manner as the [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent] and the Clearing System may approve for 
such purpose.] 
§ 13 
(Final Provisions)  
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to [form and] content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed by German law.  
(2) Czech Insolvency Law. The Notes, although governed by German law, will be subject to those provisions of 
the Czech Insolvency Act, the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act and any other provisions of Czech law 
applicable to or relevant for the Notes as notes having the status set out in § 3 (Status). 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of the Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has 
given written notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of 
the Global Note representing the relevant Notes certified as being a true copy of the original Global Note by a 
duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for 
production in such proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of 
the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of recognized standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes, including the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce 
his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the proceedings. 
(4) Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings (Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes.  
(5) Language. 
[In case of bi-lingual Conditions with German binding insert: 
These Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an English language translation. The 
German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation is non-binding.] 
[In the case the Conditions are to be in English only insert: 
These Conditions are written in the English language only.] 
[In case of bi-lingual Conditions with English binding insert: 
These Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a German language translation. The 
English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation is non-binding.]

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
4. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
FORMULAR – ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN) 
 
[In the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
 [PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
the MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]15  
[VERTRIEBSVERBOT AN PRIVATINVESTOREN IM EWR– Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht dazu 
bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (der EWR) angeboten, verkauft oder auf 
anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Schuldverschreibungen sollen dementsprechend 
Privatinvestoren im EWR nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein 
Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens einer der folgenden Kategorien 
zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 11 von Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in 
ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die MiFID II); (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne von Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer 
jeweils gültigen Fassung, die EU-Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie), der nicht als professioneller Kunde im 
Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 10 MiFID II oder (iii) nicht als qualifizierter Anleger, wie in der 
Prospektverordnung definiert, einzustufen ist. Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach Verordnung 
(EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die PRIIPS Verordnung) für Angebote, Vertrieb und 
die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren im EWR erforderlich, erstellt 
und dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung von 
Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren im EWR nach der PRIIPS-Verordnung unzulässig sein.]16  
 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET] [AND] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET MARKET] 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] 
[and] professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any negative target market.] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].[Insert further details on 
target market, client categories etc.]  
 
[MiFID 
II 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
[ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] [UND] [ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER] - Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für 
die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien[,] [und] professionelle Kunden [und Kleinanleger], jeweils 
im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II), umfasst; [und] (ii) alle Kanäle 
für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-
Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen Zielmarkt 
berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt 
(ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene 
 
15 Include legend unless the Final Terms specify “Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area” as “Not 
Applicable”. 
16 Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen „Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum“ für 
„Nicht anwendbar“ erklären.

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick 
Geeignetheit 
bzw. 
Angemessenheit], 
zu 
bestimmen.][Weitere 
Einzelheiten 
bezüglich 
Zielmarkt, 
Kundenkategorien etc. einfügen.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]17 
 
[VERTRIEBSVERBOT AN PRIVATINVESTOREN IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht dazu bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Vereinigten Königreich (UK) 
angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen dementsprechend Privatinvestoren im UK nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens einer 
der folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nummer 8 von Verordnung 
(EU) Nr. 2017/565, die aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) Teil des nationalen 
Rechts ist; (ii) oder ein Kunde im Sinne des Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Acts 2000 in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung (FSMA) und im Sinne der Regeln und Regularien, die nach dem FSMA zur Umsetzung 
von Richtlinie 2016/97/EU erlassen worden sind, der nicht als professioneller Anleger wie in Artikel 2 Absatz 1 
Nummer 8 von Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, die aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, 
einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein Anleger, der nicht als qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der Verordnung 
(EU) 2017/1129, die aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die UK Prospektverordnung) 
einzustufen ist. Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, die 
aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die UK PRIIPS Verordnung) für Angebote, Vertrieb und 
die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren erforderlich, erstellt und 
dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung von 
Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren im UK nach der UK PRIIPS Verordnung unzulässig sein.]18  
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES [ONLY TARGET MARKET]] [AND] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET 
MARKET] – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS)[,] [and] professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR) [and retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]; 
and all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
 
17 Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors". 
18 Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot des Verkaufs 
an UK Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 224 ---
- 224 - 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.][Insert further 
details on target market, client categories etc.]19 
[UK 
MiFIR 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
[ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] [UND] [ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER] - Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für 
die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(COBS) definiert[,] [und] professionelle Kunden, wie in Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, die aufgrund des 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (UK MiFIR) [und Kleinanleger, wie in 
Artikel 2 Nummer 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, die aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts ist], umfasst; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) 
unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.][Weitere 
Einzelheiten bezüglich Zielmarkt, Kundenkategorien etc einfügen.]20  
 
 
 
 
19  
To be included if parties have determined a target market and if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK MiFIR, i.e. 
there are UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
20  
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben und wenn die Platzeure in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen der 
UK MiFIR unterliegen, d.h. wenn es UK MiFIR-Hersteller gibt.

--- Page 225 ---
- 225 - 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes]21 (the Notes) 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen]22 (die Schuldverschreibungen) 
"[(to be consolidated, form a single series with and increase the aggregate principal amount of the [Title of 
relevant Series of Notes] issued on [  ][and increased on […]] with the ISIN [   ])]23 
[(diese Schuldverschreibungen werden mit den [Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der 
Schuldverschreibungen] begeben am [   ] [und erhöht am […]] mit der ISIN [   ] zusammengefasst, werden 
eine einheitliche Serie mit ihnen bilden und ihren Gesamtnennbetrag erhöhen)]24" 
Series: [  ], Tranche [  ] 
Serie: [  ], Tranche [  ] 
[ISIN […]]25 
[Interim ISIN [   ] 
Permanent ISIN [   ] 
Vorläufige ISIN [   ] 
Endgültige ISIN [   ]]26 
issued pursuant to the 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Note (in Czech, dluhopis) Programme 
for the issue of Notes dated 25 April 2024 of 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
begeben aufgrund des 
EUR 5.000.000.000 Note (auf tschechisch, dluhopis) Programme  
zur Begebung von Schuldverschreibungen vom 25 April 2024 der 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
Legal Entity Identifier: 31570010000000004460 
[The validity of the respective Base Prospectus will expire as of 25 April 2025.27  
Die Gültigkeit des diesbezüglichen Basisprospektes läuft aus per 25 April 2025.28 
 
21  "Notes" in the Final Terms shall have the meaning of "Subordinated Notes" or "Eligible Notes". 
22  Der Begriff "Schuldverschreibungen" in den Endgültigen Bedingungen hat die Bedeutung "Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen" oder 
"Berücksichtigungsfähige Schuldverschreibungen". 
23 
Include only in the case of fungible tranches. 
24  Nur bei fungiblen Tranchen einfügen. 
25 
Include in case of first tranche. 
26  Im Fall einer ersten Tranche einfügen. 
27  If the public offer period of the Notes continues beyond the validity of the Base Prospectus, insert a warning indicating the last day of 
validity of the Base Prospectus and where the succeeding securities note will be published. 
28  Falls das öffentliche Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen über die Gültigkeit des Basisprospekts hinaus fortgesetzt wird, ist ein 
Warnhinweis aufzunehmen, der den letzten Tag der Gültigkeit der Wertpapierbeschreibung und den Ort, an dem der nachfolgende 
Basisprospekt veröffentlicht wird, angibt.

--- Page 226 ---
- 226 - 
The succeeding base prospectus will we published on the website of the Issuer or its successor, https:[●].  
Der diesem nachfolgende Basisprospekt wird auf der Webseite der Emittentin oder deren Rechtsnachfolger 
unter [●] veröffentlicht] 
[Issue Price] [Initial Issue Price]: [  ] per cent. [on the first day of the offer] 
[Ausgabepreis][Erst-Ausgabepreis]: [  ]% [am ersten Angebotstag] 
[Issue Date][Initial Issue Date]: [  ] 
[Emissionstag][Erst-Emissionstag]: [  ] 
Trade Date: [  ] 
Handelstag: [  ] 
 
[[These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in connection with Article 25(4) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended 
(the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the information contained in the base 
prospectus dated 25 April 2024 [and the supplement(s) dated [●]] (the Base Prospectus), pertaining to the Euro 
5,000,000,000 Note (in Czech, dluhopis) Programme of Raiffeisenbank a.s. (the Programme). Full information 
about Raiffeisenbank a.s. and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of (i) these 
Final Terms, and (ii) the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus (and any supplement thereto) is available for 
viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com), on the website 
of the Issuer [●] and copies may be obtained from Raiffeisenbank a.s., [www.rb.cz]. [A summary of the specific 
issue of the Notes [Series [●]/Tranche[●]] is annexed to these Final Terms.]29 
[Investors shall be aware that a supplement to the Base Prospectus may be published. Such a supplement will be 
published on the Issuer's website ([●]). In accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the 
Base Prospectus, to which the supplement applies, relates to an offer of Notes to the public, investors who have 
already agreed to purchase or subscribe for any Notes before such a supplement is published have the right, 
exercisable within two working days after the publication of such a supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, 
provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy arose or was noted before the 
closing of the offer period or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs first.]30 
[Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 5 in Verbindung mit Artikel 25 
Absatz 4 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (die 
Prospektverordnung) abgefasst und sind zu lesen in Verbindung mit den Informationen, die enthalten sind im 
Basisprospekt vom 25 April 2024 [sowie [im][in den] [Nachtrag][Nachträgen] dazu vom [●]] (der 
Basisprospekt), der in Bezug auf das Euro 5.000.000.000 Note (auf tschechisch, dluhopis) Programme der 
Raiffeisenbank A.S. (das Programm) erstellt wurde. Vollständige Informationen über die Raiffeisenbank A.S. 
und das Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen sind nur verfügbar, wenn (i) diese Endgültigen Bedingungen und 
(ii) der Basisprospekt zusammengenommen werden. Der Basisprospekt (sowie jeder Nachtrag zum 
Basisprospekt) kann in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com) und 
auf der Internetseite der Emittentin ([www.rb.cz]) eingesehen werden. Kopien sind erhältlich bei der 
Raiffeisenbank a.s., [●]. [Eine Zusammenfassung der spezifischen Emission [Serie[●]/Tranche[●]] der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen angefügt.]31 
[Anleger werden auf die Möglichkeit der Veröffentlichung eines Nachtrags hingewiesen. Ein solcher Nachtrag 
wird auf der Website der Emittentin veröffentlicht ([●]). In Übereinstimmung mit Artikel 23 der 
Prospektverordnung haben Anleger, die bereits vor der Veröffentlichung eines solchen Nachtrags den Erwerb 
oder die Zeichnung von Schuldverschreibungen zugesagt haben, das Recht, innerhalb von zwei Arbeitstagen 
nach der Veröffentlichung eines solchen Nachtrags ihre Zusage zu widerrufen, sofern der wichtige neue 
Umstand, die wesentliche Unrichtigkeit oder die wesentliche Ungenauigkeit vor dem Auslaufen der Angebotsfrist 
oder – falls früher - der Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen eingetreten ist oder festgestellt wurde, sofern sich 
der Basisprospekt auf ein öffentliches Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen bezieht.]32 
 
29 
Not required in the case of an issue of Notes with a specific Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. However, an issue specific Summary 
may be included on a voluntary basis in the case of an issue of Notes with a specific Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
30  Insert, if the Notes are purchased or subscribed directly from the Issuer. 
31  Nicht erforderlich für Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. Jedoch kann eine 
emissionsspezifische Zusammenfassung im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000 auf 
freiwilliger Basis angefügt werden. 
32  Einzufügen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen direkt von der Emittentin erworben oder gezeichnet werden.

--- Page 227 ---
- 227 - 
 
Part I.: Conditions 
Teil I.: Bedingungen 
 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by replicating 
the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert: 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung 
der im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) und Vervollständigung der betreffenden Leerstellen bestimmt 
werden, einfügen: 
The Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Conditions) [and the [German] [English] language translation 
thereof,] are as set out below. 
Die 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
geltenden 
Bedingungen 
(die 
Bedingungen) 
[sowie 
die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in case of Subordinated Notes replicate here relevant provisions of Option I including relevant further options 
contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen hier betreffende Angaben der Option I (einschließlich der 
betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in case of Eligible Notes replicate here relevant provisions of Option II including relevant further options 
contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen hier betreffende Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring 
to the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II, including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch 
Verweisung auf die im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der 
jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to 
[Subordinated][Notes][[Ordinary senior][Non-Preferred Senior] Eligible Notes] (the Terms and Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus as [Option I][Option II]. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein shall 
have the meanings specified in the set of Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf 
[Nachrangige][Schuldverschreibungen][[Gewöhnliche 
nicht 
nachrangige][Nicht 
bevorrechtigte 
nicht 
nachrangige] Berücksichtigungsfähige Schuldverschreibungen] Anwendung findet (die Anleihebedingungen), 
zu lesen, der als [Option I][Option II] im Basisprospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in dem Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben, falls die Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht etwas anderes bestimmen, 
dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this part of the Final Terms to numbered Articles and subparagraphs are to Articles and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in the Final Terms which are either not 
selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions 
applicable to the Notes (the Conditions). 
Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
beziehen und die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt werden oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen (die Bedingungen) gestrichen.]

--- Page 228 ---
- 228 - 
DEFINITIONS (§ 1)33 
DEFINITIONEN (§ 1)34 
 
Screen Page(s) [[●]]35 
[REUTERS Screenpage [EURIBOR01][PRBO=] [Insert 
Screenpage and additional information if necessary] or 
each successor page.] 
 
Bildschirmseite(n) [[●]]36 
[REUTERS Bildschirmseite [EURIBOR01] [PRBO=] 
[Bildschirmseite und ggf. zusätzliche Angaben einfügen] 
oder jede Nachfolgeseite.] 
 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
(CBL) 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg 
(CBL) 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxemburg 
 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as Operator of 
the Euroclear System (Euroclear), 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, als Betreiberin 
des Euroclear System (Euroclear), 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels 
 
 
 
Other (specify) 
Sonstige (angeben) 
[insert name and address] 
[Name und Adresse einfügen] 
 
Business Day 
[TARGET2][insert relevant financial centres] 
 
Geschäftstag 
[TARGET2][relevante Finanzzentren einfügen] 
 
Reference Rate 
means a value, [which] [the performance of which] determines 
[the height of a/the] [floating interest rate(s)] [and][or][if any 
interest will be paid for a certain interest period][and] [or] [the 
maturity of the Notes][insert any other legal consequence] 
(i.e. an interest rate, a Swap Rate, an exchange rate, etc.)] 
 
Referenzwert 
bedeutet einen Wert, [der] [dessen Entwicklung] [die Höhe] 
[eines/des/der 
variablen 
Zinssatzes/Zinssätze] 
[und][oder][die 
Verzinsung 
für 
eine 
bestimmte 
Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[und][oder][die 
Laufzeit 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen] [eine andere Rechtsfolge einfügen] 
bestimmt (z.B. ein Zinssatz, ein Swapsatz, ein Wechselkurs, 
etc.) 
 
33 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
34  Falls nicht anwendbar, können die folgenden Angaben gelöscht werden. 
35  To be completed only if the Reference (Interest) Rate is applicable. 
36 
Nur ausfüllen, wenn Referenzwert/ Referenz-Zinssatz anwendbar.

--- Page 229 ---
- 229 - 
 
Reference Interest Rate37 
[number] [EURIBOR] [PRIBOR] [insert other reference 
interest rate] [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] 
([insert relevant time zone]) [Interest Determination Date] 
[Reference Rate Determination Date] [Observation Day] 
[determine other day]. 
 
Referenz-Zinssatz38 
[Zahl] Monats [EURIBOR] [PRIBOR] [anderen Referenz-
Zinssatz einfügen][Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert--
Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] 
[anderen 
Tag 
festsetzen] [11.00] [maßgebliche Uhrzeit einfügen] Uhr 
([maßgebliche Zeitzone einfügen]). 
[
 
Fallback for a Reference Interest Rate other 
than a compounded daily overnight reference 
rate in case of other than a Discontinuation 
Event 
 
 
Ersatzregelung für einen Referenz-Zinssatz 
außer einem zusammengesetzten täglichen 
Overnight-Referenzsatz in anderen Fällen als 
einem Einstellungsereignis 
 
 
Period 
[per annum][insert other period] 
 
Zeitraum 
[per annum][anderen Zeitraum einfügen] 
 
Relevant time / time zone 
[11.00 a.m.][insert relevant time]([insert relevant time 
zone]) 
 
Maßgebliche Uhrzeit / Zeitzone 
[11.00] [maßgebliche Uhrzeit einfügen] Uhr ([maßgebliche 
Zeitzone einfügen]) 
 
[Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate 
Determination 
Date] 
[Observation 
Day] 
[determine other day] 
[●] 
 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen 
Tag festsetzen] 
[●] 
 
Roundings 
[thousandth] [ten-thousandth] [hundred-thousandth] [insert 
other rounding rules] 
 
Rundungen 
[Tausendstel] 
[Zehntausendstel] 
[Hunderttausendstel] 
[andere Rundungsregel einfügen] 
 
 
[0.0005] [0.00005] [0.000005] [insert 
other rounding rules] being rounded 
upwards) of such offered quotations 
[●] 
 
 
[0,0005] [0,00005] [0,000005] [andere 
Rundungsregel einfügen] aufgerundet 
wird) dieser Angebotssätze 
[●] 
 
 
[, however at least 0.00 per cent. p.a.] 
[●] 
 
 
[, jedoch zumindest 0,00 % p.a.] 
[●] 
 
 
[Interest Determination Date] [Reference 
Rate Determination Date] [Observation 
Day] [determine other day] 
[●] 
 
 
37 
To be completed if the Reference Rate is an Interest Rate. 
38  Auszufüllen, wenn der Referenzwert ein Zinssatz ist.

--- Page 230 ---
- 230 - 
 
 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag][Beobachtungstag] 
[anderen Tag festlegen] 
[●] 
 
 
Financial Centre 
[●] 
 
 
Finanzzentrum 
[●] 
 
 
Reference Interest Rate 
[for the relevant Interest Period] [define other event] 
 
 
Referenz-Zinssatz 
[für die betreffende Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderes Ereignis 
festlegen] 
 
 
Reference Banks 
[if no other Reference Banks are specified in the Final Terms, 
insert: the offices of not less than [four] [insert other 
number] major banks in the [relevant] [insert relevant 
financial centre] interbank market [in the Euro-Zone].] [If 
other Reference Banks are specified in the Final Terms, 
insert names here.] [Not applicable] 
 
 
Referenzbanken 
bezeichnen [falls in den Endgültigen Bedingungen keine 
anderen Referenzbanken bestimmt werden, einfügen: die 
Niederlassungen von mindestens [vier] [andere Anzahl 
einfügen] bedeutenden Banken am [relevanten] [maßgeb-
liches Finanzzentrum einfügen] Interbanken-Markt [in der 
Euro-Zone].] 
[Im 
Fall, 
dass 
in 
den 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen andere Referenzbanken bestimmt werden, 
sind sie hier einzufügen.]] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
[Fallback in case of [SONIA][SOFR] 
Ersatzregelungen im Fall von [SONIA][SOFR] 
 
 
[Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate 
Determination 
Date][Observation 
Date] 
[determine other day] 
[●] 
 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag][Beobachtungstag] [anderen 
Tag festlegen] 
[●]] 
 
[Fallback in case of €STR 
Ersatzregelungen im Fall von €STR 
 
 
[Calculation Agent][●] 
[●] 
 
[Berechnungsstelle][●] 
[●]]

--- Page 231 ---
- 231 - 
 
[Fallbacks for a Reference Interest Rate other 
than a compounded daily overnight reference 
rate in case of a Discontinuation Event 
Ersatzregelungen für einen Referenz-Zinssatz 
außer einem zusammengesetzten täglichen 
Overnight-Referenzsatz 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Einstellungsereignisses 
 
 
Reference Interest Rate replaced on 
[each [relevant] Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate 
Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other 
day(s)] 
 
Referenz-Zinssatz wird ersetzt an 
[jedem [relevanten] Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen relevanten 
Tag/Tage definieren] 
 
Calculation of 
[Rate of Interest] [or] [the] [Interest Amount][determine 
other rate or amount] 
 
Ermittlung des  
[Zinssatzes] 
[oder] 
[Zinsenbetrags][anderen 
Betrag 
festlegen] 
 
Publication obligations 
[No][no other] 
 
Veröffentlichungspflichten 
[Keine][Keine weiteren] 
 
Procedures Determination Date 
Not less than 3 Business Days prior to the [Interest 
Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day] relating to the [next 
succeeding Interest Period][determine other event / day] 
 
Verfahrensfestsetzungstag 
Nicht später als 3 Geschäftstage vor dem [Zinsenfest-
legungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungs-
tag] [anderen Tag festlegen] bezüglich [der nachfolgenden 
Zinsenlaufperiode][anderes Ereignis / Tag definieren] 
 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
 
[Final 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[Endgültiger 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Redemption Date 
Second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
 
Rückzahlungstag 
Zweiter [Kupontermin][Zinsenzahlungstag] 
 
[Final][Early] Redemption Amount 
[●] 
 
[Endgültiger][Vorzeitiger] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[●]

--- Page 232 ---
- 232 - 
 
Applicable [Rate of Interest] [Reference 
Interest Rate] 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the [Rate of 
Interest][Reference Interest Rate] applicable from the last 
[Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] [determine other 
day] prior to the redemption date until (but excluding) the 
redemption date shall be the [Rate of Interest][Reference 
Interest Rate] applicable to the immediately preceding Interest 
Period.] 
 
Anwendbarer [Zinssatz] [Referenz-Zinssatz] 
[Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, gilt als [Zinssatz] 
[Referenz-Zinssatz] ab dem letzten [Kupontermin] [Zinsen-
zahlungstag][anderen Tag einfügen] vor dem Rückzahlungs-
tag bis (ausgenommen) zum Rückzahlungstag der für die 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehende 
Zinsenlaufperiode 
geltende 
[Zinssatz][Referenz-Zinssatz].] 
[
 
[Reference Swap Rate39] [other quotation] 
 
 
 
[Referenz-Swapsatz40] [anderer Angebotssatz] 
Is the [insert number of years/months][year][months] [insert 
relevant currency] Swap Rate and means [[●] / insert 
definition / Screen Page] 
 
Ist der [Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres-] 
[Monats-][relevante Währung einfügen][Swapsatz und 
bedeutet [[●] / Definition und Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
 
Reset Reference Bank Rate 
[[insert number of years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] 
[insert other swap rate] Quotations provided by [five] 
[insert other number] leading swap dealers in the interbank 
market to the Calculation Agent at approximately [insert 
time] ([insert time zone]), on the Interest Adjustment 
Determination Date.  
 
Zinsanpassungs-Referenzbanksatz 
[[Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres][Monats] 
Swapsatz][anderen Swapsatz einfügen] Angebotssätze, die 
von [fünf] [andere Anzahl einfügen] führenden [Swap] 
Dealern im Interbankenmarkt (die am Zinsenanpassungs-
Bestimmungstag gegen [Zeit einfügen] Uhr ([Zeitzone 
einfügen]) gemeldet werden. 
 
Number of quotations 
[three] [insert other number] 
 
Anzahl an Sätzen 
[drei] [andere Anzahl einfügen] 
 
Reset Reference Bank Rate  
[insert number of years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] 
[insert other swap rate] 
 
Zinsenanpassungs-Referenzbanksatz 
[Anzahl der Jahre/Monate einfügen]-[Jahres] Swapsatz] 
[anderen Swapsatz einfügen]] 
 
Period 
[per annum][insert other period] 
 
Zeitraum 
[per annum][anderen Zeitraum einfügen] 
 
Relevant time 
[11.00 a.m.][insert relevant time]([insert relevant time 
zone]) 
 
Maßgebliche Uhrzeit 
[11.00] [maßgebliche Uhrzeit einfügen] Uhr ([maßgebliche 
Zeitzone einfügen]) 
 
39 
To be completed if the Reference Rate is a Swap Rate. 
40  Auszufüllen, wenn der Referenzwert ein Swapsatz ist.

--- Page 233 ---
- 233 - 
 
[Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate 
Determination 
Date] 
[Observation 
Day] 
[determine other day] 
[[second] [insert other applicable number of days] 
[TARGET][,][and][insert all relevant financial centres] 
Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end] of the 
relevant Interest Period.]  
 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen 
Tag festsetzen] 
[[zweiten] [zutreffende andere Zahl von Tagen einfügen] 
[TARGET] [,][und][sämtliche relevante Finanzzentren 
einfügen] Geschäftstag vor [Beginn] [Ende]  
 
[thousandth] 
[ten-thousandth] 
[hundred-
thousandth] [insert other rounding rules] 
[●] 
 
[Tausendstel] [Zehntausendstel] [Hundert-
tausendstel] [andere Rundungsregel einfügen] 
[●] 
 
[0.0005] [0.00005] [0.000005][insert other 
rounding rules] being rounded upwards) of 
such offered quotations 
[●] 
 
[0,0005] 
[0,00005] 
[0,000005][andere 
Rundungsregel einfügen] aufgerundet wird) 
dieser Angebotssätze 
[●] 
 
[, however at least 0.00 per cent. p.a.] 
[●] 
 
[, jedoch zumindest 0,00 % p.a.] 
[●] 
 
Financial Centre 
[●] 
 
Finanzzentrum 
[●] 
 
Reference Swap Rate 
[for the relevant Interest Period] [determine other event] 
 
Referenz-Swapsatz 
[für die betreffende Zinsenlaufperiode] [anderes Ereignis 
festlegen] 
[
 
 
[Fallback in case of a Discontinuation Event 
Ersetzungsregelung im Fall eines Einstellungsereignisses 
 
 
[Reference Swap Rate 
[●] 
 
Referenz-Swapsatz 
[●]] 
 
[other definition for quotation 
[●] 
 
Anderer Angebotssatz 
[●]] 
 
[Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition 
for quotation] replaced on 
[each] [relevant Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate 
Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other 
day(s)] 
 
[Referenz-Swapsatz][Anderer 
Angebotssatz] 
ersetzt werden an 
[jedem] [relevanten Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-
Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungstag] [anderen relevanten 
Tag/Tage definieren] 
 
Calculation of 
[Rate of Interest] [or] [the] [Interest Amount][determine 
other rate or amount] 
 
Ermittlung des  
[Zinssatzes] [oder] 
[Zinsenbetrags] [anderen 
Betrag 
festlegen] 
 
Publication obligations 
[No][no other] 
 
Veröffentlichungspflichten 
[Keine][Keine weiteren]

--- Page 234 ---
- 234 - 
 
Procedures Determination Date 
[Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination 
Date][Observation Day] [determine other day] relating to the 
[next succeeding Interest Period][determine other event / 
day] 
 
Verfahrensfestsetzungstag 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festlegen] bezüglich [der 
nachfolgenden Zinsenlaufperiode][anderes Ereignis / Tag 
definieren] 
 
Early Redemption 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
 
[Final 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[●] 
 
[Endgültiger 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[●] 
 
Redemption Date 
Second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
 
Rückzahlungstag 
Zweiter [Kupontermin][Zinsenzahlungstag] 
 
[Final][Early] Redemption Amount 
[●] 
 
[Endgültiger][Vorzeitiger] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[●] 
 
Redemption 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the [Rate of 
Interest][insert other definition for quotation] applicable 
from the last [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] 
[determine other day] prior to the redemption date until (but 
excluding) the redemption date shall be the [Rate of 
Interest][insert other definition for quotation] applicable to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period.] 
 
Rückzahlung 
[Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Schuld-
verschreibungen entscheidet, gilt als [Zinssatz][anderen 
Angebotssatz einfügen] ab dem letzten [Kupontermin] 
[Zinsenzahlungstag][anderen Tag einfügen] vor dem Rück-
zahlungstag bis (ausgenommen) zum Rückzahlungstag der für 
die unmittelbar vorausgehende Zinsenlaufperiode geltende 
[Zinssatz][anderen Angebotssatz einfügen].] 
[
 
Reference CMS Rate41 
 
 
Referenz CMS-Satz42 
 
 
Reference CMS Rate 
is the [insert number of months] swap rate for [insert 
relevant currency] swap transactions with a maturity of 
[insert relevant period[s]], which appears on the Screen Page 
[[●]]on the [Interest Determination Date][Reference Rate 
Determination Date] [Observation Day] [determine other 
day] [under the heading [and in the column] [insert relevant 
heading [and column]] as of [11:00 a.m.] [insert relevant 
time] ([insert relevant time zone]) 
 
41 
To be completed if the Reference Rate is a CMS-Rate. 
42  Auszufüllen, wenn der Referenzwert ein CMS-Satz ist.

--- Page 235 ---
- 235 - 
 
Referenz-CMS-Satz 
ist der [Anzahl der Monate einfügen] Swapsatz bezüglich 
[maßgebliche Währung einfügen] denominierten Swap 
Transaktionen mit Laufzeit[en] von [maßgebliche Lauf-
zeit[en] einfügen], der auf der Bildschirmseite [[●]] am 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag [anderen Tag festlegen] unter der Bild-
überschrift [und in der Spalte] [maßgebliche Bildschirm-
überschrift [und Spalte] einfügen] gegen [11:00 Uhr] 
[maßgebliche Zeit einfügen] ([relevante Zeitzone einfügen]) 
angezeigt wird 
[
 
Fallback in case of other than a Discontinuation Event 
 
Ersatzregelung in anderen Fällen als einem Einstellungsereignis 
 
Currency 
[insert relevant currency] 
 
Währung 
[maßgebliche Währung einfügen] 
 
Reason of calculation 
[Rate of Interest][determine other reason of calculation] 
 
Berechnungsgrund 
[Zinssatzberechnung][anderen 
Berechnungsgrund 
fest-
legen] 
 
Time / time zone 
[11.00 a.m.] [insert relevant time] ([insert relevant time 
zone]) 
 
Uhrzeit / relevante Zeitzone 
[11.00] [maßgebliche Uhrzeit einfügen] Uhr ([relevante 
Zeitzone einfügen]) 
 
Day 
[Interest Determination Date][Reference Rate Determination 
Date] [Observation Day][determine other day]  
 
Tag 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag [anderen Tag festlegen]  
 
[for such Interest Period] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[für die betreffende Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Day 
[Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination 
Date] [Observation Day] [determine other day] 
 
Tag 
[jeweiligen Zinsenfestlegungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststel-
lungstag] [Beobachtungstag [anderen Tag festlegen] 
[
 
Fallback in case of a Discontinuation Event 
Ersetzungsregelung im Fall eines Einstellungsereignisses 
 
 
Currency 
[●] 
 
Währung 
[●] 
 
CMS replaced on 
[the/each relevant Interest Determination Date] [the 
Reference Rate Determination Date] [the / each Observation 
Day] [determine other day] 
 
CMS Ersetzung  
[am/an [jedem] relevanten Zinsenfestlegungstag] [am/an 
[jedem] Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [am/an [jedem] 
Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag definieren] 
 
Publication obligations 
[No][no other]

--- Page 236 ---
- 236 - 
 
Veröffentlichungspflichten 
[Keine][Keine weiteren] 
 
Calculation of 
[Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest Amount] 
[determine other rate/amount] 
 
Ermittlung des 
[Zinssatzes und die Berechnung des Zinsenbetrags][anderen 
Satz / Betrag festlegen] 
 
Procedures Determination Date 
Not less than 3 Business Days prior to the [Interest 
Determination 
Date] 
[Reference 
Rate 
Determination 
Date][Observation Day] [determine other day] relating to the 
[next succeeding Interest Period][determine other event / 
day] 
 
Verfahrensfestsetzungstag 
Nicht später als 3 Geschäftstage vor dem [Zinsenfest-
legungstag] [Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] [Beobachtungs-
tag] [anderen Tag festlegen] bezüglich [der nachfolgenden 
Zinsenlaufperiode][anderes Ereignis / Tag definieren] 
 
Early Redemption 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
 
[Final 
Redemption 
Amount][Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[●] 
 
[Endgültiger 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[Vorzeitiger Rück-zahlungsbetrag]  
[●] 
 
Redemption Date 
Second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
 
Rückzahlungstag 
Zweiter [Kupontermin][Zinsenzahlungstag] 
 
[Final][Early] Redemption Amount 
[●] 
 
[Endgültige][Vorzeitige] Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[●] 
 
Applicable [Rate of Interest] [Reference 
Interest Rate] 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the [Rate of 
Interest][Reference Interest Rate] applicable from the last 
[Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] [determine other 
day] prior to the redemption date until (but excluding) the 
redemption date shall be the [Rate of Interest][Reference 
Interest Rate] applicable to the immediately preceding Interest 
Period.] 
 
Anwendbarer [Zinssatz][Referenz-Zinssatz] 
[Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, gilt als [Zinssatz] 
[Referenz-Zinssatz] ab dem letzten [Kupontermin] [Zinsen-
zahlungstag][anderen Tag einfügen] vor dem Rückzahlungs-
tag bis (ausgenommen) zum Rückzahlungstag der für die 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehende 
Zinsenlaufperiode 
geltende 
[Zinssatz][Referenz-Zinssatz].] 
 
TARGET Business Day 
 
 
TARGET-Geschäftstag 
 
 
Interest Determination Date 
means the 
 
 
[[second] [insert other applicable number of days] 
[TARGET][,][and][insert all relevant financial centres] 
Business Day prior to the [commencement] of the relevant 
Interest Period.] 
 
 
[first day of the relevant Interest Period.]

--- Page 237 ---
- 237 - 
 
 
[●] Business Day prior to [the expiry] [the Coupon Date] of 
the relevant Interest Period]] 
 
Zinsenfestlegungstag 
bezeichnet den 
 
 
[[zweiten][zutreffende andere Zahl von Tagen einfügen] 
[TARGET][alle 
relevanten 
Finanzzentren 
einfügen] 
Geschäftstag vor [Beginn]der jeweiligen Zinsenlaufperiode.] 
 
 
[ersten Tag der relevanten Zinsenlaufperiode.] 
 
 
[[●] Geschäftstag vor [dem Ende][dem Kupontermin] der 
entsprechenden Zinsenlaufperiode.]] 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, ISSUE DATE(S), FORM, CUSTODY (§ 2) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, EMISSIONSTAG(E), VERBRIEFUNG, VERWAHRUNG (§ 2) 
 
Series 
Serie 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Tranche 
Tranche 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Currency – Denomination – Issue Date(s) 
Währung – Stückelung – Emissionstag(e) 
 
 
Specified Currency 
Festgelegte Währung 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Specified Denomination 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Single Issue 
Einmalemission 
 
 
Issue Date 
Emissionstag 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Open Issuance Period 
Daueremission 
 
 
[Initial] Issue Date 
[Erst-]Emissionstag 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Form 
Verbriefung 
 
 
 
TEFRA C  
TEFRA C 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde

--- Page 238 ---
- 238 - 
 
 
TEFRA D 
TEFRA D 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global 
Note 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
 
 
Signature of Principal Paying Agent 
Unterschrift der Hauptzahlstelle 
 
 
 
Signed by Fiscal Agent 
Unterschrift der Emissionsstelle 
 
 
 
Neither TEFRA D nor TEFRA C43 
Weder TEFRA D noch TEFRA C44 
 
 
 
New Global Note (NGN) 
New Global Note (NGN) 
 
 
 
Classical Global Note (CGN) 
Classical Global Note (CGN) 
 
 
§ 3 Status 
§ 3 Status 
 
 
Subordinated Notes 
Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Eligible Notes 
Berücksichtigungsfähige Schuldverschreibungen 
 
 
 
Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes 
Gewöhnliche 
Nicht 
nachrangige 
Berücksichtigungsfähige 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 
 
 
Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes 
Nicht bevorrechtigte nicht nachrangige Berücksichtigungsfähige 
Schuldverschreibungen  
 
 
43 
To be completed only if the Notes have an initial maturity of one year or less. 
44  Nur ausfüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von einem Jahr oder weniger.

--- Page 239 ---
- 239 - 
INTEREST (§ 4) 
ZINSEN (§ 4) 
 
Fixed Rate Notes45 
Festzins-Schuldverschreibungen46 
 
 
 
[Rate of Interest; Interest Period[s] 
Zinssatz; Zinsenlaufperioden 
 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Coupon Date(s) 
Kupontermin(e) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] 
 
 
Häufigkeit der Zinsenzahlungen 
[jährlich][halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] 
 
 
Interest Period 
respectively 
from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no 
adjustment 
of 
Interest 
Period insert: [first] Coupon 
Date] 
[in 
case 
of 
an 
adjustment 
of 
Interest 
Period insert: [first] Interest 
Payment 
Date][Maturity 
Date] [and thereafter from 
(and including) each [in case 
of no adjustment of Interest 
Period insert: Coupon Date] 
[in case of an adjustment of 
Interest 
Period 
insert: 
Interest Payment Date] to 
(but each excluding) [in case 
of no adjustment of Interest 
Period 
insert: 
the 
next 
following Coupon Date or 
last Coupon Date] [in case 
of an adjustment of Interest 
Period 
insert: 
next 
following Interest Payment 
Date or the Maturity Date] 
 
45 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
46  Falls nicht anwendbar, können die folgenden Angaben gelöscht werden.

--- Page 240 ---
- 240 - 
 
 
Zinsenlaufperiode 
läuft 
[jeweils] 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum [im 
Fall keiner Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: 
[ersten] 
Kupontermin] 
[im 
Fall 
einer 
Anpassung 
der 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: 
[ersten] 
Zinsenzahlungstag] 
[Rückzahlungstag] 
(ausschließlich) 
[und 
danach von jedem [im Fall 
keiner 
Anpassung 
der 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: 
Kupontermin] 
[im Fall einer Anpassung 
der 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: 
Zinsenzahlungstag] 
(einschließlich) bis zum [im 
Fall keiner Anpassung der 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: nächstfolgenden 
bzw. letzten Kupontermin] 
[im Fall einer Anpassung 
der 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen: nächstfolgenden 
Zinsenzahlungstag 
bzw. 
Rückzahlungstag] 
(jeweils 
ausschließlich)] 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. [per annum] 
[insert other period] 
 
 
Zinssatz 
[●]% [per annum] [anderen 
Zeitraum einfügen] 
 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s], 
Kupontermin[e], Zinsenzahlungstag[e] 
 
 
 
[First] Coupon Date 
[Erster] Kupontermin 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[Last Coupon Date] [Maturity Date] 
[Letzter Kupontermin] [Rückzahlungstag] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden 
[Yes][No] 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
[First][last] Interest Period 
[Erste][letzte] Zinsenlaufperiode 
[short][long][Not 
applicable] 
[verkürzt][verlängert] 
[Nicht anwendbar]

--- Page 241 ---
- 241 - 
 
Step-up/Step-Down Fixed Rate Notes47 
Step-Up/Step-Down 
Stufenzins-Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
festen 
Zinssätzen48 
 
 
 
[Rate of Interest and Coupon Dates 
Zinssatz und Kupontermine 
 
 
 
Rate of Interest for the [first] [insert applicable number] Interest Period[s] 
[Last] [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] in this regard 
[●] per cent. [per annum] 
[insert other period] [●] 
 
 
Zinssatz 
für 
die 
[erste] 
[anwendbare 
Zahl 
einfügen] 
Zinsenlaufperiode[n] 
[Letzter] diesbezüglicher [Kupontermin] [Zinsenzahlungstag] 
[●]% [per annum] [anderen 
Zeitraum einfügen][●] 
 
 
[insert provisions for further Interest Periods] 
[Bestimmungen für weitere Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Rate of Interest for the [last][insert applicable number] Interest Period[s] 
[Last] [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] in this regard 
[●] per cent. [per annum] 
[insert other period][●] 
 
 
Zinssatz für die [letzte][anwendbare Zahl einfügen] Zinsenlaufperiode[n] 
[Letzter] diesbezüglicher [Kupontermin] [Zinsenzahlungstag] 
[●]% [per annum] [anderen 
Zeitraum einfügen][●] 
 
 
[Coupon Date(s) 
Kupontermin(e)] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] 
 
 
Häufigkeit der Zinsenzahlungen 
[jährlich][halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
First Coupon Date 
Erster Kupontermin 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Last Coupon Date 
Letzter Kupontermin 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
First Interest Payment Date(s) 
Erste(r) Zinsenzahlungstag(e)] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden 
[Yes][No] 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
[First][last] Interest Period 
[Erste][letzte] Zinsenlaufperiode 
[short][long] 
[verkürzt][verlängert] 
 
47 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
48  Falls nicht anwendbar, können die folgenden Angaben gelöscht werden.

--- Page 242 ---
- 242 - 
 
Fixed Rate Notes with Coupon Reset 
Festzins-Schuldverschreibungen mit Kuponreset 
 
 
 
[Rate of Interest and Coupon Dates 
Zinssatz und Kupontermine 
 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
[Last] [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] in this regard 
[●] per cent. [per annum] 
[insert other period] [●] 
 
 
Zinssatz 
[Letzter] diesbezüglicher [Kupontermin] [Zinsenzahlungstag] 
[●]% [per annum] [anderen 
Zeitraum einfügen][●] 
 
 
[insert provisions for further Interest Periods] 
[Bestimmungen für weitere Zinsenlaufperioden einfügen] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Rate of Interest for the [last][insert applicable number] Interest Period[s] 
[Last] [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] in this regard 
[●] per cent. [per annum] 
[insert other period][●] 
 
 
Zinssatz für die [letzte][anwendbare Zahl einfügen] Zinsenlaufperiode[n] 
[Letzter] diesbezüglicher [Kupontermin] [Zinsenzahlungstag] 
[●]% [per annum] [anderen 
Zeitraum einfügen][●] 
 
 
[Coupon Date(s) 
Kupontermin(e)] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] 
 
 
Häufigkeit der Zinsenzahlungen 
[jährlich][halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
First Coupon Date 
Erster Kupontermin 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Last Coupon Date 
Letzter Kupontermin 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
First Interest Payment Date(s) 
Erste(r) Zinsenzahlungstag(e)] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Interest Periods 
[annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] 
 
 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
[jährlich] [halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden 
[Yes][No] 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
[First][last] Interest Period 
[Erste][letzte] Zinsenlaufperiode 
[short][long] 
[verkürzt][verlängert]

--- Page 243 ---
- 243 - 
 
Floating Rate Notes49 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen50 
 
 
 
[Coupon Dates, Interest Payment Dates 
Kupontermine, Zinsenzahlungstage 
 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] 
 
 
Häufigkeit der Zinsenzahlung 
[jährlich] [halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
Coupon Date(s) 
[annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] [insert Coupon 
Dates] 
 
 
Kupontermin(e) 
[jährlich] [halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] 
[Kupontermine einfügen] 
 
 
[First] Coupon Date 
[Erster] Kupontermin 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[Last Coupon Date] 
[Letzter Kupontermin] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[First][last][short][long] Interest Period 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
 
[Erste][letzte][verkürzte][verlängerte] Zinsenlaufperiode 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] 
 
 
[Interpolation 
 
Interpolation 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht 
anwendbar]] 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
 
 
Reference Interest Rate other than a Compounded Daily Overnight 
Reference Rate 
Referenz-Zinssatz außer einem zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-
Referenzsatz 
 
 
 
[Reference Interest Rate at least 0.00 per cent. p.a. 
Referenz-Zinssatz mindestens 0,00% p.a. 
Yes 
Ja] 
 
 
[Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor 
[and subsequently] 
 
 
Multiplikation mit einem Faktor 
[positiven] 
[negativen] 
Faktor [und danach]] 
 
 
[Factor 
[●] 
 
 
Faktor 
[●]] 
 
 
[Margin 
[●] 
 
49 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
50  Falls nicht anwendbar, kӧnnen die folgenden Angaben gelӧscht werden.

--- Page 244 ---
- 244 - 
 
 
Marge 
[●]] 
 
 
Compounded Daily Overnight Reference Rate 
Zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-Referenzsatz 
[SONIA][SOFR] [€STR] 
 
 
[Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day] 
[●] 
 
 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festsetzen] 
[●] 
 
 
[Compounded Daily Overnight Reference Rate at least 0.00 per cent. p.a. 
Zusammengesetzter Täglicher Overnight-Referenzsatz mindestens 0,00% 
p.a. 
Yes 
Ja] 
 
 
[Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor 
[and subsequently] 
 
 
Multiplikation mit einem Faktor 
[positiven] 
[negativen] 
Faktor [und danach]] 
 
 
[Factor 
[●] 
 
 
Faktor 
[●]] 
 
 
[Margin 
[●] 
 
 
Marge 
[●]] 
 
 
Rounding (for calculation of the Compounded Daily Overnight Reference 
Rate) 
[fifth] [●] decimal place 
with [0.000005] [●] % being 
rounded upwards 
 
 
Rundung (für die Berechnung des Zusammengesetzten Täglichen 
Overnight-Referenzsatzes) 
[fünf] [●] Dezimalstellen 
und 
[0,000005] 
[●] 
% 
werden aufgerundet 
 
 
Applicable Period  
[Interest Period] 
[Observation Period] 
 
 
Anwendbare Periode 
[Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[Beobachtungszeitraum] 
 
 
Observation Method 
[Lag][Observation Shift] 
 
 
Beobachtungsmethode 
[Nachlauf][Beobachtungs-
verschiebung] 
 
 
BD (also for purposes of the definitions of do, i, ni, Observation Period, 
p, r(i-pBD)) 
[SONIA][SOFR] [€STR]-
Business Day 
 
 
GT (auch für Zwecke der Definitionen von 
do, i, ni, p, 
Beobachtungszeitraum, r(i-pGT)) 
[SONIA][SOFR][€STR]-
Geschäftstag 
 
 
D, the number of days in the year used for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest 
[360][365][●] 
 
 
D, die Anzahl der Tage im Jahr, die für die Berechnung des Zinssatzes 
verwendet wird 
[360][365][●] 
 
 
p 
[insert number of] Business 
Day[s] 
 
 
p 
[Anzahl einfügen der] 
Geschäftstag[e]] 
 
 
Reference CMS Rate 
Referenz-CMS-Satz 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[Factor 
[●] 
 
 
Faktor 
[●]] 
 
 
[Margin 
[●] 
 
 
Marge 
[●]]

--- Page 245 ---
- 245 - 
 
 
Formula 
[Min][Max] [{][Max][Min] 
[(][(][[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS [* 
insert factor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [+] [-] 
[Margin][)] [; [(] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [+] [-] 
[Margin][)])][; [(] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [+][-][Margin] 
[)] }] 
 
 
Formel 
[Min][Max] [{][Max][Min] 
[(][(][[●]-Jahres 
[maßgebliche Währung 
einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] 
[-] [+] [[●]-Jahres 
[maßgebliche Währung 
einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] 
[+] [-] [Marge][)] [; [(] 
[[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] CMS 
[* Faktor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] CMS 
[* Faktor]] [+] [-] 
[Marge][)])][; [(] 
[[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] CMS 
[* Faktor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] CMS 
[* Faktor]] [+][-][Marge] 
[)] }] 
 
 
Formula / Reference Rate 
Formel / Referenzwert  
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Zinsenlaufperiode 
 
 
 
three months 
drei Monate 
 
 
 
six months 
sechs Monate 
 
 
 
twelve months 
zwölf Monate

--- Page 246 ---
- 246 - 
 
 
Other Period 
Andere Periode 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 
 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest (Floor) [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz (Floor) [für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[●]% per annum 
 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest (Cap) [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Höchstzinssatz (Cap) [für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[●]% per annum 
 
 
Interest Amount 
Zinsenbetrag 
 
 
 
Outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated Notes 
Ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 
 
 
Specified Denomination 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsenbetrag 
 
 
 
Interest determination in advance 
Zinsenfestlegung im Vorhinein 
 
 
 
 
Notification to 
[Clearing System] [Paying 
Agent(s)] [Stock 
Exchange(s)] 
 
 
 
Benachrichtigung an 
[Clearing System] 
[Zahlstelle(n)] [Börse(n)] 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [●] Business Day 
prior to the relevant Interest 
Period] [first day of relevant 
Interest Period][insert other 
date] 
 
 
 
Benachrichtigungszeitpunkt 
[[zweiter] [●] Geschäftstag 
vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[erster 
Tag der jeweiligen Zinsen-
laufperiode] 
[anderen 
Zeitpunkt einfügen] 
 
 
Interest determination in arrear 
Zinsenfestlegung im Nachhinein

--- Page 247 ---
- 247 - 
 
 
 
Notification to 
[Clearing 
System][Paying 
Agent(s)] 
[Stock 
Exchange(s)] 
 
 
 
Benachrichtigung an 
[Clearing 
System] 
[Zahlstelle(n)] [Börse(n)] 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [●] Business Day 
prior 
to 
the 
[relevant] 
Interest Period] [first day of 
[relevant] Interest Period] 
[second Business Day after 
the end of the [Interest 
Determination Date] [Refer-
ence Rate Determination 
Date] [Observation Day]] 
[insert other date] 
 
 
 
Benachrichtigungszeitpunkt 
[[zweiter] [●] Geschäftstag 
vor Beginn der [jeweiligen 
[Zinsenlaufperiode] [erster 
Tag der [jeweiligen] Zinsen-
laufperiode] 
[zweiter 
Geschäftstag nach dem Ende 
des 
[Zinsenfestlegungs-
tages] 
[Referenzwert-
Feststellungstages] 
[Beobachtungstages]] 
[anderen 
Zeitpunkt 
einfügen] 
 
Fixed to [Fixed to] Floating Rate Notes51 
Fest zu [Fest zu] Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen52 
 
 
 
[Fixed Interest 
 
 
 
Feste Verzinsung 
 
(1) a) 
Fixed Rate[s] of Interest 
[●] per cent. [per annum] 
[insert other period] 
[If applicable, insert Fixed 
Rate(s) of Interest for each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
[Festzinssatz][Festzinssätze] 
[●]% [per annum] [anderen 
Zeitraum einfügen] 
[Sofern anwendbar, Fest-
zinssatz/Festzinssätze 
für 
jede 
Zinsenperiode 
angeben] 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[●] 
 
 
Fixed Coupon Date(s) 
[●] 
 
 
Festkupontermin(e) 
[●] 
 
51 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
52  Falls nicht anwendbar, können die folgenden Angaben gelöscht werden.

--- Page 248 ---
- 248 - 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] 
 
 
Häufigkeit der Zinsenzahlungen 
[jährlich] 
[halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] 
(1) b) 
[First] Fixed Coupon Date  
[●] 
 
 
[Erster] Festkupontermin  
[●] 
 
 
[Last Fixed Coupon Date] 
[●] 
 
 
[Letzter Festkupontermin]  
[●] 
 
 
Interest Exchange Day 
 
 
 
Zinsenwechseltag 
 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Rule 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 or Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
 
Zinstagequotienten 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Regelung 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 or 360/360 oder 
Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 oder Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
 
Geschäftstage-Konvention 
 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
Modifizierte folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlauf-
perioden einfügen] 
 
 
FRN 
Convention 
(specify 
period(s)) 
[  ] [months/other – specify] 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
FRN-Konvention 
(Zeitraum 
angeben) 
[  ] [Monate/andere – angeben] 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlauf-
perioden einfügen] 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
Folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlauf-
perioden einfügen]

--- Page 249 ---
- 249 - 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
Vorangegangene Geschäftstage-Konvention 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlauf-
perioden einfügen] 
 
 
[First] 
[last] 
[short] 
[extended] 
Interest 
Period 
[Erste] [letzte] [verkürzte] [verlängerte] Zinsenlaufperiode 
[Not Applicable] [  ] [Nicht 
anwendbar] [  ] 
(2) 
Floating Interest  
Variable Verzinsung 
 
a) 
Interest 
[annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] 
 
 
Verzinsung 
[jährlich] 
[halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] 
 
 
Adjustment of Floating Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
Anpassung der Variablen Zinsenlaufperioden 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Rule 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 or Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
 
Zinstagequotienten 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Regelung 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 oder 360/360 oder 
Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 oder Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstage-Konvention 
 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
Modifizierte folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen] 
 
 
FRN 
Convention 
(specify 
period(s)) 
[  ] [months/other – specify] 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
FRN-Konvention 
(Zeitraum 
angeben) 
[  ] [Monate/andere – angeben] 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlauf-
perioden einfügen]

--- Page 250 ---
- 250 - 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
Folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlauf-
perioden einfügen] 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
Vorangegangene Geschäftstage-Konvention 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlauf-
perioden einfügen] 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] [insert Floating 
Coupon Dates] 
 
 
Häufigkeit der Zinsenzahlung 
[jährlich] 
[halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] [Variable 
Kupontermine einfügen] 
b) 
[First] Floating Coupon Date 
[Erster] Variabler Kupontermin 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[Last Floating Coupon Date]  
[●] 
 
 
[Letzter Variabler Kupontermin] 
[●] 
c) 
[First] [last] [short] [long] Floating Interest Period 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
 
[Erste] [letzte] [verkürzte] [verlängerte] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] 
 
 
[Interpolation 
Interpolation 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht 
anwendbar]] 
 
 
Reference Interest Rate 
Referenz-Zinssatz 
 
 
 
[Reference Interest Rate at least 0.00 per cent. p.a. 
Referenzzinssatz mindestens 0,00% p.a. 
Yes 
Ja] 
 
 
Factor 
[for the [first] [[●]] Interest 
Period] as [+][-] [insert 
number] [insert further] 
 
 
Faktor 
[für 
die 
[erste] 
[●] 
Zinsenlaufperiode] 
mit 
[+][-] 
[Zahl 
einfügen] 
[weitere einfügen] 
 
 
Margin 
[for the [first] [●] Interest 
Period] as [●] [for the [●] 
Interest Period] as [●]] 
[insert further] 
 
 
Marge 
[für die [erste] [●] Zinsen-
laufperiode] mit [●] [für die 
[●] Zinsenlaufperiode mit 
[●]] [weitere einfügen]

--- Page 251 ---
- 251 - 
 
 
Reference Interest Rate other than a Compounded Daily Overnight 
Reference Rate 
Referenz-Zinssatz außer einem zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-
Referenzsatz 
 
 
 
[Reference Interest Rate at least 0.00 per cent. p.a. 
Referenz-Zinssatz mindestens 0,00% p.a. 
Yes 
Ja] 
 
 
[Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor 
[and subsequently] 
 
 
Multiplikation mit einem Faktor 
[positiven] 
[negativen] 
Faktor [und danach]] 
 
 
[Factor 
[●] 
 
 
Faktor 
[●]] 
 
 
[Margin 
[●] 
 
 
Marge 
[●]] 
 
 
Compounded Daily Overnight Reference Rate 
Zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-Referenzsatz 
[SONIA][SOFR] [€STR] 
 
 
[Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day] 
[●] 
 
 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festsetzen] 
[●] 
 
 
[Compounded Daily Overnight Reference Rate at least 0.00 per cent. p.a. 
Zusammengesetzter Täglicher Overnight-Referenzsatz mindestens 0,00% 
p.a. 
Yes 
Ja] 
 
 
[Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor 
[and subsequently] 
 
 
Multiplikation mit einem Faktor 
[positiven] 
[negativen] 
Faktor [und danach]] 
 
 
[Factor 
[●] 
 
 
Faktor 
[●]] 
 
 
[Margin 
[●] 
 
 
Marge 
[●]] 
 
 
Rounding (for calculation of the Compounded Daily Overnight Reference 
Rate) 
[fifth] [●] decimal place 
with [0.000005] [●]% being 
rounded upwards 
 
 
Rundung (für die Berechnung des Zusammengesetzten Täglichen 
Overnight-Referenzsatzes) 
[fünf] [●] Dezimalstellen 
und [0,000005] [●] % 
werden aufgerundet 
 
 
Observation Method 
[Lag][Observation Shift] 
 
 
Beobachtungsmethode 
[Nachlauf][Beobachtungsve
rschiebung] 
 
 
BD (also for purposes of the definitions of do, i, ni, Observation Period, 
p, r(i-pBD)) 
[SONIA-][SOFR-] [€STR-]-
Business Day 
 
 
GT (auch für Zwecke der Definitionen von 
do, i, ni, p, 
Beobachtungszeitraum, r(i-pGT)) 
[SONIA-][SOFR-] [€STR-]-
Geschäftstag

--- Page 252 ---
- 252 - 
 
 
D, the number of days in the year used for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest 
[360[[365] [●]  
 
 
D, die Anzahl der Tage im Jahr, die für die Berechnung des Zinssatzes 
verwendet wird 
[360[[365] [●]  
 
 
p 
[insert number of] Business 
Day[s] 
 
 
p 
[Anzahl 
einfügen 
der] 
Geschäftstag[e]] 
 
 
Reference CMS Rate 
Referenz-CMS-Satz 
 
 
 
Formula 
[Min][Max] [{][Max][Min] 
[(][(][[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS [* 
insert factor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [+] [-] 
[Margin][)] [; [(] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [+] [-] 
[Margin][)])][; [(] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [+][-][Margin] 
[)] }] 
 
 
Formel 
[Min][Max] [{][Max][Min] 
[(][(][[●]-Jahres 
[maßgebliche Währung 
einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] 
[-] [+] [[●]-Jahres 
[maßgebliche Währung 
einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] 
[+] [-] [Marge][)] [; [(] 
[[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] CMS 
[* Faktor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] CMS 
[* Faktor]] [+] [-] 
[Marge][)])][; [(] 
[[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] CMS 
[* Faktor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-Jahres [maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] CMS 
[* Faktor]] [+][-][Marge] 
[)] }] 
 
 
[Factor 
[●] 
 
 
Faktor 
[●]]

--- Page 253 ---
- 253 - 
 
 
[Margin 
[●] 
 
 
Marge 
[●]] 
 
 
Interest Period 
Zinsenlaufperiode 
 
 
 
three months 
drei Monate 
 
 
 
six months 
sechs Monate 
 
 
 
twelve months 
zwölf Monate 
 
 
 
Other Period 
Sonstige Periode 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Margin 
Marge 
 
 
 
flat 
keine 
 
 
 
plus 
[●] [percentage points] [for 
the 
[first] 
[●] 
Interest 
Period] [insert further] 
 
 
zuzüglich 
[●][Prozentpunkte] [für die 
[erste] 
[●] 
Zinsenlauf-
periode] [weitere einfügen] 
 
 
minus 
[●] [percentage points] [for 
the 
[first] 
[●] 
Interest 
Period] [insert further] 
 
 
abzüglich 
[●] [Prozentpunkte] [für die 
[erste] 
[●] 
Zinsenlauf-
periode] [weitere einfügen] 
 
 
Factor 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[+][-] 
[insert Factor] [for the 
[first] [●] Interest Period] 
[insert further] 
 
 
Faktor 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[+] 
[-][für 
die 
[erste] 
[●] 
Zinsenlaufperiode] [Faktor 
einfügen] 
[weitere 
einfügen] 
 
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 
 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest (Floor) [for [first] [●] Interest Period] 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz (Floor) [für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[●]% per annum 
 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest (Cap) [for [first] [●] Interest Period] 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 254 ---
- 254 - 
 
 
Höchstzinssatz (Cap) [für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[●]% per annum 
 
 
Interest Amount 
Zinsenbetrag 
 
 
 
Outstanding aggregate principal amount 
Ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
 
 
Specified denomination 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsenbetrag 
 
 
 
Interest determination in advance 
Zinsenfestlegung im Vorhinein 
 
 
 
 
Notification to 
[Clearing System][Paying 
Agent(s)] [Stock 
Exchange(s)] 
 
 
 
Benachrichtigung an 
[Clearing System] 
[Zahlstelle(n)] [Börse(n)] 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [●] Business Day 
prior to the relevant Interest 
Period] [first day of relevant 
Interest Period][insert other 
date] 
 
 
 
Benachrichtigungszeitpunkt 
[[zweiter] [●] Geschäftstag 
vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[erster 
Tag der jeweiligen Zinsen-
laufperiode] [anderer Zeit-
punkt einfügen] 
 
 
Interest determination in arrear 
Zinsenfestlegung im Nachhinein 
 
 
 
 
Notification to 
[Clearing System][Paying 
Agent(s)] [Stock 
Exchange(s)] 
 
 
 
Benachrichtigung an 
[Clearing System] 
[Zahlstelle(n)][Börse(n)]

--- Page 255 ---
- 255 - 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [●] Business Day 
prior to the expiry of 
relevant 
Interest 
Period] 
[second] [●] Business Day 
prior to the [Coupon Date] 
[Interest Payment Date of 
the relevant Interest Period] 
[second Business Day after 
the end of the [Interest 
Determination 
Date] 
[Reference 
Rate 
Determination 
Date] 
[Observation Day]] [insert 
other date] 
 
 
 
Benachrichtigungszeitpunkt 
[[zweiter] [●] Geschäftstag 
vor Beginn der [jeweiligen 
[Zinsenlaufperiode] [erster 
Tag der [jeweiligen] Zinsen-
laufperiode] 
[zweiter 
Geschäftstag nach dem Ende 
des 
[Zinsenfestlegungstages] 
[Referenzwert-
Feststellungstages] 
[Beobachtungstages]] 
[anderen 
Zeitpunkt 
einfügen] 
 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes53 
Variabel zu Fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen54 
 
 
 
[Floating Interest Rate 
Variabler Zinssatz 
 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] 
 
 
Häufigkeit der Zinsenzahlung 
[jährlich] [halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
53  If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
54  Falls nicht anwendbar, können die folgenden Angaben gelöscht werden.

--- Page 256 ---
- 256 - 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Rule 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 or Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
 
Zinstagequotienten 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Regelung 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 oder 360/360 oder 
Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 oder Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstage-Konvention 
 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
Modifizierte folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen] 
 
 
FRN 
Convention 
(specify 
period(s)) 
[  ] [months/other – specify] 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
FRN-Konvention 
(Zeitraum 
angeben) 
[ ] [Monate/andere – angeben] 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen] 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
Folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen] 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
Vorangegangene Geschäftstage-Konvention 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen] 
 
 
Floating Coupon Dates 
[annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] [insert Floating 
Coupon Dates] 
 
 
Variable Kupontermine 
[jährlich] 
[halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] [Variable 
Kupontermine einfügen] 
 
 
Interest Exchange Day 
[●] 
 
 
Zinsenwechseltag 
[●]

--- Page 257 ---
- 257 - 
 
 
[First] Floating Coupon Date 
[Erster] Variabler Kupontermin 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[Last Floating Coupon Date] 
[Letzter Variabler Kupontermin] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[First] [last] [short] [extended] Floating Interest Period 
[Erste] [letzte] [verkürzte] [verlängerte] Variable Zinsenlaufperiode 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] 
 
 
[Interpolation 
Interpolation 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht 
anwendbar]] 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
 
 
Reference Interest Rate other than a Compounded Daily Overnight 
Reference Rate 
Referenzzinssatz außer einem zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-
Referenzsatz 
[number]-month 
[Zahl]-Monats 
 
 
[Reference Interest Rate at least 0.00 per cent. p.a. 
Referenz-Zinssatz mindestens 0,00% p.a. 
Yes 
Ja] 
 
 
[Factor 
[●] 
 
 
Faktor 
[●]] 
 
 
[Margin 
[●] 
 
 
Marge 
[●]] 
 
 
Compounded Daily Overnight Reference Rate 
Zusammengesetzten täglichen Overnight-Referenzsatz 
[SONIA][SOFR] [€STR] 
 
 
[Interest Determination Date] [Reference Rate Determination Date] 
[Observation Day] [determine other day] 
[●] 
 
 
[Zinsenfestlegungstag] 
[Referenzwert-Feststellungstag] 
[Beobachtungstag] [anderen Tag festsetzen] 
[●] 
 
 
[Compounded Daily Overnight Reference Rate at least 0.00 per cent. p.a. 
Zusammengesetzter Täglicher Overnight-Referenzsatz mindestens 0,00% 
p.a. 
Yes 
Ja] 
 
 
[Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor 
[and subsequently] 
 
 
Multiplikation mit einem Faktor 
[positiven] 
[negativen] 
Faktor [und danach]] 
 
 
[Factor 
[●] 
 
 
Faktor 
[●]] 
 
 
[Margin 
[●] 
 
 
Marge 
[●]] 
 
 
Rounding (for calculation of the Compounded Daily Overnight Reference 
Rate) 
[fifth] [●] decimal place 
with [0.000005] [●]% being 
rounded upwards 
 
 
Rundung (für die Berechnung des Zusammengesetzten Täglichen 
Overnight-Referenzsatzes) 
[fünf] [●] Dezimalstellen 
und [0,000005] [●] % 
werden aufgerundet

--- Page 258 ---
- 258 - 
 
 
Applicable Period  
[Interest Period] 
[Observation Period 
 
 
Anwendbare Periode 
[Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[Beobachtungszeitraum 
 
 
Observation Method 
[Lag][Observation Shift] 
 
 
Beobachtungsmethode 
[Nachlauf][Beobachtungsve
rschiebung] 
 
 
BD (also for purposes of the definitions of do, i, ni, Observation Period, 
p, r(i-pBD)) 
[SONIA-][SOFR-] [€STR-]-
Business Day 
 
 
GT (auch für Zwecke der Definitionen von do, i, ni, p, 
Beobachtungszeitraum, r(i-pGT)) 
[SONIA-][SOFR-] [€STR-]-
Geschäftstag 
 
 
D, the number of days in the year used for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest 
[360][365][●]  
 
 
D, die Anzahl der Tage im Jahr, die für die Berechnung des Zinssatzes 
verwendet wird 
[360][365][●]  
 
 
p 
[insert number of] Business 
Day[s] 
 
 
p 
[Anzahl 
einfügen 
der] 
Geschäftstag[e]] 
 
 
Reference–CMS-Rate 
Referenz-CMS-Satz 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[Factor 
[●] 
 
 
Faktor 
[●]] 
 
 
[Margin 
[●] 
 
 
Marge 
[●]] 
 
 
Formula 
[Min][Max] [{][Max] [Min] 
[(][(][[●]-year(s) 
[insert 
relevant currency] CMS [* 
insert 
factor]] 
[-] 
[+] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert relevant 
currency] CMS [* Factor]] 
[+] [-] [Margin][)] [; [(] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert relevant 
currency] CMS [* Factor]] 
[-] [+] [[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] 
[+] 
[-] 
[Margin][)])][; 
[(] 
[[●]-year(s) [insert relevant 
currency] CMS [* Factor]] 
[-] [+] [[●]-year(s) [insert 
relevant currency] CMS 
[* Factor]] [+][-] [Margin] 
[)] }]

--- Page 259 ---
- 259 - 
 
 
Formel 
[Min][Max] [{][Max] [Min] 
[(][(][[●]-Jahres [maßgeb-
liche Währung einfügen] 
CMS [* Faktor]] [-] [+] 
[[●]-Jahres 
[maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] CMS 
[* 
Faktor]] 
[+] 
[-] 
[Marge][)] 
[; 
[(] 
[[●]-Jahres 
[maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] CMS 
[* 
Faktor]] 
[-] 
[+] 
[[●]-Jahres 
[maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] CMS 
[* Faktor]] [+] [-] [Marge] 
[)])] [; [(] [[●]-Jahres 
[maßgebliche 
Währung 
einfügen] CMS [* Faktor]] 
[-] [+] [[●]-Jahres [maß-
gebliche Währung einfü-
gen] 
CMS 
[* 
Faktor]] 
[+][-][Marge] [)] }] 
 
 
Floating Interest Period 
Variable Zinsenlaufperiode 
 
 
 
three months 
drei Monate 
 
 
 
six months 
sechs Monate 
 
 
 
twelve months 
zwölf Monate 
 
 
 
Other 
Sonstige 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Margin 
Marge 
 
 
 
flat 
keine 
 
 
 
plus 
[●] [percentage points] [for 
the 
[first] 
[●] 
Interest 
Period] [insert further] 
 
 
zuzüglich 
[●][Prozentpunkte] [für die 
[erste] 
[●] 
Zinsenlaufperiode] [weitere 
einfügen]

--- Page 260 ---
- 260 - 
 
 
minus 
[●] [percentage points] [for 
the 
[first] 
[●] 
Interest 
Period] [insert further] 
 
 
abzüglich 
[●] [Prozentpunkte] [für die 
[erste] 
[●] 
Zinsenlauf-
periode] [weitere einfügen] 
 
 
Factor 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[+][-] 
[insert Factor] [for the 
[first] [●] Interest Period] 
[insert further] 
 
 
Faktor 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[+] 
[-][für 
die 
[erste] 
[●] 
Zinsenlaufperiode] [Faktor 
einfügen] 
[weitere 
einfügen] 
 
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 
 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest (Floor) [for [first] [●] Interest Period] 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz (Floor) [für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[●]% per annum 
 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest (Cap) [for [first] [●] Interest Period] 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Höchstzinssatz (Cap) [für die [erste] [●] Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[●]% per annum 
 
 
Interest Amount 
Zinsenbetrag 
 
 
 
Outstanding aggregate principal amount 
Ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
 
 
Specified denomination 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsenbetrag 
 
 
 
Interest determination in advance 
Zinsenfestlegung im Vorhinein 
 
 
 
 
Notification to 
[Clearing 
System][Paying 
Agent(s)] 
[Stock 
Exchange(s)] 
 
 
 
Benachrichtigung an 
[Clearing 
System] 
[Zahlstelle(n)] [Börse(n)] 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second][●] Business Day 
prior to the relevant Interest 
Period] [first day of relevant 
Interest Period][insert other 
date]

--- Page 261 ---
- 261 - 
 
 
 
Benachrichtigungszeitpunkt 
[[zweiter][●] Geschäftstag 
vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsenlaufperiode] 
[erster 
Tag der jeweiligen Zinsen-
laufperiode] [anderer Zeit-
punkt einfügen] 
 
 
Interest determination in arrear 
Zinsenfestlegung im Nachhinein 
 
 
 
 
Notification to 
[Clearing System][Paying 
Agent(s)][Stock 
Exchange(s)] 
 
 
 
Benachrichtigung an 
[Clearing System] 
[Zahlstelle(n)] 
[Börse(n)] 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [●] Business Day 
prior to the expiry of 
relevant 
Interest 
Period] 
[second] [●] Business Day 
prior to the [Coupon Date] 
[Interest Payment Date of 
the relevant Interest Period] 
[second Business Day after 
the end of the [Interest 
Determination 
Date] 
[Reference 
Rate 
Determination 
Date] 
[Observation Day]] [insert 
other date] 
 
 
 
Benachrichtigungszeitpunkt 
[[zweiter] [●] Geschäftstag 
vor Beginn der [jeweiligen 
[Zinsenlaufperiode] [erster 
Tag der [jeweiligen] Zinsen-
laufperiode] 
[zweiter 
Geschäftstag nach dem Ende 
des 
[Zinsenfestlegungstages] 
[Referenzwert-
Feststellungstages] 
[Beobachtungstages]] 
[anderen 
Zeitpunkt 
einfügen] 
 
 
Fixed Interest 
Festzinssatz 
 
 
 
Fixed Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. [per annum] 
[insert other period] 
 
 
Festzinssatz 
[●]% [per annum] [anderen 
Zeitraum einfügen]

--- Page 262 ---
- 262 - 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[●] 
 
 
Fixed Coupon Date(s) 
Fest Kupontermin(e) 
[●] 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] 
 
 
Häufigkeit der Zinsenzahlung 
[jährlich] 
[halbjährlich] 
[vierteljährlich] 
 
 
[First] Fixed Coupon Date 
[Erster] Festkupontermin  
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[Last Fixed Coupon Date] 
[●] 
 
 
[Letzter Festkupontermin] 
[●] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
Anpassung der Zinsenlaufperioden 
[Yes][No] 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Rule 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 or Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
 
Zinstagequotienten 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Regelung 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 oder 360/360 oder 
Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 oder Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstage-Konvention 
 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
Modifizierte folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen] 
 
 
FRN 
Convention 
(specify 
period(s)) 
[ ] [months/other – specify] 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
FRN-Konvention 
(Zeitraum 
angeben) 
[ ] [Monate/andere – angeben] 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen]

--- Page 263 ---
- 263 - 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
Folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen] 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
[insert applicable Interest 
Periods] 
 
 
Vorangegangene Geschäftstage-Konvention 
[anwendbare 
Zinsenlaufperioden 
einfügen] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date 
Zinsenzahlungstag, der dem Rückzahlungstag vorangeht 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[First][last][short][long] Fixed Interest Period 
[Erste][letzte][verkürzte][verlängerte] Festzinsenlaufperiode 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●]] 
 
Zero Coupon Notes55 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen56 
 
 
[[Different] Amortisation Yield(s) 
[Not Applicable] [Insert 
applicable provisions] 
 
[Unterschiedliche] Emissionsrendite(n) 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[relevante 
Bestimmungen 
einfügen]] 
[Continuation of general term and conditions for interest] 
[Fortsetzung allgemeine Bestimmungen für Verzinsung] 
 
Accrual of Interest and Default Interest 
Zinsenlauf und Verzugszinsen 
 
 
 
Principal amount 
Nennbetrag 
 
 
 
Redemption amount 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Rule 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 or Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
55 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
56  Falls nicht anwendbar, können die folgenden Angaben gelöscht werden.

--- Page 264 ---
- 264 - 
Zinstagequotienten 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Regelung 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 oder 360/360 oder 
Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 oder Eurobond 
Basis] 
PAYMENTS (§ 5) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 5) 
 
 
Recipient of payment of Principal 
[Clearing 
System][Paying 
Agent][Fiscal Agent] 
 
Zahlungsempfänger der Zahlungen von Kapital 
[Clearing 
System][Zahlstelle] 
[Emissionsstelle] 
 
Recipient of payment of Interest 
[Clearing 
System][Paying 
Agent] 
 
Zahlungsempfänger der Zahlung von Zinsen 
[Clearing 
System][Zahlstelle] 
 
Discharge by payment to [, or to the order of, the Clearing System] [the Paying 
Agent] [Fiscal Agent] 
[Yes][No] 
 
Erfüllung durch Leistung an das [Clearing System oder dessen Order] [an die 
Zahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
Payment Business Day 
Zahltag 
 
 
 
Business Day (as defined in § 1) 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 definiert) 
 
 
 
Payment Business Day 
 
 
 
Zahltag 
 
 
 
 Clearing System 
 
 
 
 TARGET 
 
 
 
 Other (specify all relevant financial centres) 
 
Sonstige (sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren angeben) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstage-Konvention 
 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
 
Folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention 
 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte folgende Geschäftstage-Konvention 
 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention

--- Page 265 ---
- 265 - 
 
 
Vorangegangene Geschäftstage-Konvention 
 
 
 
FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[●] [months/other – specify] 
 
 
FRN-Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[●] 
[Monate/andere 
– 
angeben] 
REDEMPTION (§ 6) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 6) 
 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
 
 
Maturity Date 
Rückzahlungstag 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Redemption Month and Redemption Year 
Rückzahlungsmonat und Rückzahlungsjahr 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
 
 
Redemption Notice to [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent]  
Rückzahlungsmitteilung an [Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] 
 
 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen 
[Anwendbar][Nicht 
anwendbar] 
 
[[Final Redemption Amount] ]Early Redemption Amount] 
[Endgültiger Rückzahlungsbetrag] [Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
[Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons57 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen58 
 
 
 
[[Final Redemption Amount] ]Early Redemption Amount] 
[Endgültiger Rückzahlungsbetrag] [Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
 
Minimum Notice Period 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 Days 
Tage 
 
 
 
 Business Days 
Geschäftstage 
 
 
 
 (as defined in § 1 (Definitions)) 
(wie in § 1 (Definitionen) definiert) 
 
 
57 
Only applicable in the case of Subordinated Notes and in the case of Eligible Notes. 
58  Nur im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen und im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 266 ---
- 266 - 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 Days 
Tage 
 
 
 
 Business Days 
Geschäftstage 
 
 
 
 (as defined in § 1 (Definitions)) 
(wie in § 1 (Definitionen) definiert) 
] 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer59 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin60 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
 
Minimum Call Redemption Amount 
Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Increased Call Redemption Amount 
Erhöhter Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Minimum Notice Period 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 Days 
Tage 
 
 
 
 Business Days 
Geschäftstage 
 
 
 
 (as defined in § 1 (Definitions)) 
(wie in § 1 (Definitionen) definiert) 
 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 Days 
Tage 
 
 
 
 Business Days 
Geschäftstage 
 
 
 
 (as defined in § 1 (Definitions)) 
(wie in § 1 (Definitionen) definiert) 
 
 
 
 No early Redemption 
Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
 
 
59 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
60  Falls nicht anwendbar, können die folgenden Angaben gelöscht werden.

--- Page 267 ---
- 267 - 
 
[[Early Redemption Amount] [/] [Termination Amount Rate] in case of Notes 
other than Zero Coupon Notes61 
[Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag] [/] [Kündigungsbetrag] im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen außer Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen62 
 
 
 
[Early Redemption] [/] [Termination] Amount 
[Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag][/] [Kündigungsbetrag]  
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
[Early Redemption] [/] [Termination] Rate 
[Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungskurs] [/][Kündigungskurs] 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
[[Early Redemption Amount] [/] [Termination Amount] in case of Zero 
Coupon Notes63 
[Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag] [/] [Kündigungsbetrag] im Fall von 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen64 
 
 
 
Addition of accrued interest 
Aufzinsung 
 
 
 
Reference Price 
Referenzpreis 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Amortisation Yield 
Emissionsrendite 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Issue Date 
Emissionstag 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Deduction of unaccrued interest 
Abzinsung 
 
 
 
Amortisation Yield 
Emissionsrendite 
[●] 
[●]] 
Rounding of Redemption Amounts 
[insert number] 
Rundung von Rückzahlungsbeträgen 
[Anzahl einfügen] 
AGENTS (§ 7) 
BEAUFTRAGTE STELLEN (§ 7) 
 
Fiscal Agent 
[●] 
[insert name and address 
of other/ further Fiscal 
Agent] 
 
Emissionsstelle 
[●] 
[Namen und Adresse einer 
anderen/weiteren 
Emissionsstelle einfügen] 
 
61 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
62  Falls nicht anwendbar, können die folgenden Angaben gelöscht werden. 
63 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
64  Falls nicht anwendbar, können die folgenden Angaben gelöscht werden.

--- Page 268 ---
- 268 - 
 
[Principal] Paying Agent(s) 
[●] 
[insert name and address 
of other/ further 
[Principal] Paying Agent]  
 
[Hauptzahlstelle][Zahlstelle][n] 
[●] 
[Namen und Adresse einer 
anderen/weiteren 
[Hauptzahlstelle][Zahl-
stelle] einfügen] 
 
Calculation Agent 
[Fiscal Agent shall act as 
Calculation 
Agent] 
[Principal 
Paying 
Agent 
shall act as Calculation 
Agent] [insert name and 
address] 
 
Berechnungsstelle 
[Die Emissionsstelle handelt 
auch als Berechnungsstelle] 
[Die Hauptzahlstelle handelt 
auch als Berechnunsstelle] 
[Name 
und 
Adresse 
einfügen] 
 
Other Agents 
Sonstige Stellen 
[insert other Agents] 
[sonstige Stellen einfügen] 
TAXATION (§ 8) 
STEUERN(§ 8) 
 
Applicability of gross-up obligation 
Anwendbarkeit der Steuerausgleichpflicht 
[Yes][No] 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
Person Related Through Capital exception from a gross-up obligation 
Ausnahme von der Steuerausgleichpflicht für Kapitalmäßig verbundene 
Personen 
[Yes][No] 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
Standard Refund Procedure fixed amount 
Standard-Erstattungsverfahren Festbetrag 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
PRESENTATION PERIOD (§ 9) 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST (§ 9) 
 
Presentation period in respect of principal 
[is [reduced to] [ten] [insert 
other number of years] 
[years] 
[unlimited] 
with 
respect 
to 
payments 
of 
principal] 
 
Vorlegungsfrist im Hinblick auf Kapital 
[auf [zehn][andere Anzahl 
Jahre einfügen] [Jahre] 
[verkürzt] 
[unbegrenzte 
Zeit] [festgesetzt]] 
 
Presentation period in respect of interest 
[is [limited to] [four] [insert 
other number of years] 
[years] [unlimited] in respect 
of interest]]

--- Page 269 ---
- 269 - 
 
Vorlegungsfrist im Hinblick auf Zinsen 
[im Hinblick auf Zinsen auf 
[vier][andere Anzahl Jahre 
einfügen] 
[Jahre] 
[unbegrenzte 
Zeit] 
festgesetzt] [verkürzt]] 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS; HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE (§ 10) 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 10) 
Appointment of Holders' Representative 
Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger 
 
 
 
By resolution passed by Holders 
Durch Beschluss der Gläubiger 
 
 
 
In the Conditions designated: 
In den Bedingungen bestellt: 
[insert name of Holders´ 
Representative] 
[Namen des Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters einfügen] 
FURTHER ISSUES, REPURCHASE AND CANCELLATION (§11) 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN UND RÜCKKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG (§11) 
 
Applicable 
Anwendbar 
 
 
[Last Issue Date for issues of further Subordinated Notes 
Letzter 
Emissionstag 
für 
die 
Begebung 
weiterer 
Nachrangiger 
Schuldverschreibungen 
[insert date] 
[Datum einfügen]] 
 
Series 
[●] 
 
Serie 
[●] 
 
Repurchase 
[cancelled] [surrendered to 
the [Fiscal Agent] [Principal 
Paying 
Agent] 
for 
cancellation] 
 
Rückkauf 
[entwertet] 
[bei 
der 
[Emissionsstelle] 
[Hauptzahlstelle] 
zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht] 
 
Not applicable 
Nicht anwendbar 
 
 
Fiscal Agent 
Emissionsstelle

--- Page 270 ---
- 270 - 
NOTICES / [NO] STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING (§ 12) 
MITTEILUNGEN / [KEINE] BÖRSENNOTIZ (§ 12) 
 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
 
 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
 
 
Custody Administration of Issuer / in appropriate manner 
Depotverwaltung der Emittentin / in geeigneter Weise 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Medium 
Medium 
[insert Medium] 
[Medium einfügen] 
 
 
Deemed publication (pursuant to sub-paragraph (1)) 
Veröffentlichungsfiktion (gemäß Absatz (1)) 
 
 
 
Number of days 
Anzahl der Tage 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Place and medium of publication as requested by the rules of listing 
authority /stock exchange (specify listing authority /stock exchange) 
[●] 
 
 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung wie von den Regeln einer 
Notierungsbehörde / Börse (Notierungsbehörde /Börse angeben) 
gefordert 
[●] 
 
 
No listing 
Keine Börsennotierung 
 
 
 
Website of the Issuer 
Website der Emittentin 
 
 
 
Newspaper 
[specify name and country 
of newspaper] 
 
 
Tageszeitung 
[Namen und Land der 
Tageszeitung angeben] 
 
 
Deemed publication (pursuant to sub-paragraph [(1)] [(2)] [(3)] [(4)] 
(website/newspaper)) 
Veröffentlichungsfiktion (gemäß Absatz [(1)] [(2)] [(3)] [(4)] 
(Website/Zeitung) 
 
 
 
Number of days 
Anzahl der Tage 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Other (specify) 
Sonstige (angeben) 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 271 ---
- 271 - 
 
 
Deemed publication (pursuant to sub-paragraph [(2)] [(3)] [(4)] [(5)] 
(more than one publication)) 
Veröffentlichungsfiktion (gemäß Absatz [(2)] [(3)] [(4)] [(5)] (mehrere 
Veröffentlichungen)) 
 
 
 
Number of days 
Anzahl der Tage 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Notice to [Principal Paying Agent] [Fiscal Agent] 
Mitteilung an die [Hauptzahlstelle] [Emissionsstelle] 
 
FINAL PROVISIONS (§ 13) 
SCHLUSSBESTIMMUNGEN (§ 13) 
 
LANGUAGE OF CONDITIONS65 
SPRACHE DER BEDINGUNGEN66 
 
 
 
German only 
Ausschließlich Deutsch 
 
 
 
English only 
Ausschließlich Englisch 
 
 
 
English and German (English controlling) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
 
 
German and English (German controlling) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
 
 
65 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal requirements applicable 
from time to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes in bearer form publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the Czech Republic, or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of 
Germany, or the Czech Republic, German will be the controlling language. In other cases, the Issuer will elect either German or English 
to be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen 
as the controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal office of the Issuer. 
66  In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder anderer Bestimmungen und 
soweit nicht anders vereinbart, die deutsche Sprache für Inhaberschuldverschreibungen maßgeblich sein wird, die insgesamt oder 
teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder der tschechischen Republik angeboten oder an nicht 
qualifizierte Anleger in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder der tschechischen Republik verkauft werden. In den übrigen Fällen wird 
die Emittentin entweder Deutsch oder Englisch als maßgebliche Sprache festlegen. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen 
Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht qualifizierte Anleger die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird eine 
deutschsprachige Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich sein.

--- Page 272 ---
- 272 - 
Part II.: OTHER INFORMATION 
Teil II.: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
 Other interests (not included in the Base Prospectus under GENERAL 
INFORMATION / Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the 
issue/offer) 
Andere 
Interessen 
(nicht 
im 
Basisprospekt 
unter 
GENERAL 
INFORMATION / Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the 
issue/offer enthalten) 
[specify other interests] 
 
[andere Interessen 
angeben] 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds67 
Gründe für das Angebot und Zweckbestimmung der Erlöse68 
 
 
[Reasons for the offer69 
[as set out in the Base 
Prospectus][specify 
other reasons]] 
 
[Gründe für das Angebot70 
[wie im Basisprospekt 
angegeben] 
[andere 
Gründe einfügen]] 
 
Use of Proceeds 
[as set out in the Base 
Prospectus] 
[[Green 
Notes] – specify details 
according 
to 
the 
Sustainability 
Bond 
Framework] 
[[Social 
Notes] – specify details 
according 
to 
the 
Sustainability 
Bond 
Framework] 
[[Sustainability Notes] – 
specify details according 
to 
the 
Sustainability 
Bond 
Framework] 
[specify other use of 
proceeds] 
 
Zweckbestimmung der Erlöse 
[wie im Basisprospekt 
angege-ben] 
[Grüne 
Schuldverschreibungen 
– Details gemäß des 
Green 
Bond 
Frame-
works einfügen] [Soziale 
Schuldverschreibungen 
– Details gemäß des 
Social Bond Frameworks 
einfügen] [[Nachhaltige 
Schuldverschreibung] – 
 
67 
See paragraph "Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general 
funding purposes, making profit and/or hedging certain risks include those reasons here. If the use of proceeds is different from the use 
of proceeds as stated in the Base Prospectus include such use here.  
68 
Siehe Abschnitt "Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds" im Basisprospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in der 
allgemeinen Unternehmensfinanzierung, der Gewinnerzielung und/oder der Absicherung bestimmter Risiken bestehen, sind die Gründe 
hier anzugeben. Sofern sich die Zweckbestimmung der Erlöse von der Angabe im Basisprospekt unterscheidet, ist die Zweckbestimmung 
hier anzugeben.  
69 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
70 Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000

--- Page 273 ---
- 273 - 
Details 
gemäß 
des 
Sustainable 
Bond 
Framework 
einfügen]  
[andere 
Zweckbestimmung 
einfügen] 
 
[Estimated net proceeds 
Geschätzter Nettoerlös 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
[Estimated total expenses of the issue71, 72 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission73, 74 
[●] 
[●]] 
Selling Restrictions 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen 
 
 TEFRA C 
TEFRA C 
 
 TEFRA D 
TEFRA D 
 
 Neither TEFRA C nor TEFRA D 
Weder TEFRA C noch TEFRA D 
 
ECB-eligible Security75 
EZB-fähige Sicherheit76 
[Yes][No] 
[Ja][Nein] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
 
71  If proceeds are intended for more than one purpose, use will need to split up and present in order of priority. 
72  
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
73  Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität der 
Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. 
74  
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
75 
Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper (and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper) or in any other way admissible 
pursuant to the Eurosystem eligibility criteria, and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. [Include this text if 
"yes" is selected in which case the Notes must be issued in NGN form or in any other form admissible pursuant to ECB eligibility 
criteria.] 
Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper) or in any other way admissible pursuant 
to Eurosystem eligibility criteria. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
76  Es ist zu beachten, dass die Bestimmung "Ja" lediglich bedeutet, dass beabsichtigt ist, die Schuldverschreibungen bei Begebung bei 
einer der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer zu hinterlegen (und auf den Namen eines Nominees von einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer einzutragen) oder in einer anderen nach den Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien zulässigen Weise zu hinterlegen, und es bedeutet 
nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und 
der taggleichen Überziehungen (intra-day credit operations) des Eurosystems bei Begebung oder zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während 
ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
erfüllt sind. [Text einfügen, wenn "Ja" gewählt wurde, in diesem Fall müssen die Schuldverschreibungen als NGN oder in einer 
anderen nach den Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien zulässigen Form emittiert werden.] 
Zwar ist die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt worden, doch sollten die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien in der Zukunft derart geändert werden, dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sind diese einzuhalten, 
dann könnten die Schuldverschreibungen bei einer der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer hinterlegt (und auf den Namen eines 
Nominees von einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer eingetragen) oder in einer anderen nach den Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
zulässigen Weise hinterlegt werden. Es ist zu beachten, dass dies nicht notwendigerweise bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
dann als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen Überziehungen (intra-day credit 
operations) des Eurosystems zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom 
Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt sind.

--- Page 274 ---
- 274 - 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
 
[Interim ISIN]77 
[Vorläufige ISIN] 78 
[Permanent] 77 ISIN 
[Endgültige]78 ISIN 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[Interim Common Code] 77 
[Vorläufiger Common Code] 78 
[Permanent] 77 Common Code 
[Endgültiger]78 Common Code 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[Interim German Securities Code] 77 
[Vorläufige Deutsche Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN)] 78 
[Permanent] 77 German Securities Code 
[Endgültige] 78 Deutsche Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
FISN Code: 
FISN Code: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
CFI Code: 
CFI Code: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Any other securities number 
Sonstige Wertpapiernummer 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Yield79 
Rendite80 
[Not applicable] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
[Yield] 
[Unified Yield Rate] 
[Rendite] 
[Vereinheitliche Rendite] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Historic [Interest Rates] [Index Performance]81 
[Zinssätze][Indexentwicklung] der Vergangenheit82 
 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR][PRIBOR][SONIA][SOFR][€STR] [insert relevant currency] [CMS] 
[OTHER REFERENCE [INTEREST] RATE] [INDEX] rates can be obtained from [insert relevant 
Screen Page][Specify details here] 
Einzelheiten der Entwicklung der [EURIBOR] [PRIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [maßgebliche 
Währung einfügen] [CMS] [ANDERER REFERENZ[ZINS]SATZ] [INDEX] Sätze in der 
 
77 
Include only in the case of fungible tranches. 
78  Nur bei fungiblen Tranchen einfügen. 
79 
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes. 
80  Nur bei festverzinslichen und Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
81 
Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
82  Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 275 ---
- 275 - 
Vergangenheit können abgerufen werden unter [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] [Einzelheiten 
hier angeben] 
[ 
Registration of the Administrator pursuant to the Benchmarks 
Regulation83 
Registrierung des Administrators gemäß der Benchmark-Verordnung84 
 
 
Benchmark 
[insert name of the 
Benchmark] 
 
Benchmark 
[Namen der Benchmark 
einfiigen]] 
 
Benchmark Administrator 
[insert name of the 
Administrator] 
 
Administrator der Benchmark 
[Namen des Adminis-
trators einfiigen] 
 
Registration of the Benchmark Administrator in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17 /EU and Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 (the Benchmarks Regulation) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
applicable] [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, [insert 
benchmark] does not 
fall within the scope of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of 
Article 2 of the Bench-
mark Regulation] [the 
transitional provisions in 
Article 
51 
of 
the 
Benchmarks Regulation 
apply], such that [insert 
name 
of 
Adminis-
trator] is not currently 
required to obtain [insert 
in 
case 
relevant 
administrator is located 
within 
the 
EEA: 
authorisation or regis-
tration] [insert in case 
relevant administrator is 
located 
outside 
the 
EEA: 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)].] 
 
Eintragung des Benchmark-Administrators in das von der Europäischen 
Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde (ESMA) gemäß Artikel 36 der 
Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 8. Juni 2016 über Indizes, die bei Finanzinstrumenten und 
Finanzkontrakten als Referenzwert oder zur Messung der Wertentwicklung 
eines Investmentfonds verwendet werden, und zur Änderung der Richtlinien 
2008/48/EG und 2014/17/EU sowie der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 596/2014 
(die Benchmark-Verordnung) erstellte und geführte Register der 
Administratoren. 
[Zutreffend] [Nicht zu-
treffend] [Nach Kennt-
nis der Emittentin [fällt 
[Benchmark einfiigen] 
aufgrund von Artikel 2 
der 
Benchmark-Ver-
ordnung nicht in den 
Anwendungsbereich der 
Benchmark-Verord-
nung] [gelten die Über-
gangsbestimmungen 
nach Artikel 51 der 
Benchmark-Verord-
 
83 
Insert only in case of Notes which reference to a Benchmark, whose administrator has not been disclosed in the Base Prospectus. 
84 
Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen einfügen, die auf eine Benchmark bezogen sind, deren Administrator nicht im Basisprospekt 
offengelegt wurde.

--- Page 276 ---
- 276 - 
nung], 
weshalb 
für 
[Namen des Adminis-
trators einfiigen] der-
zeit 
keine 
[einfiigen, 
wenn der betreffende 
Administrator 
inner-
halb des EWR ansässig 
ist: 
Zulassungs- 
oder 
Registrierungspflicht] 
[einfiigen, 
wenn 
der 
betreffende 
Administrator 
außerhalb 
des 
EWR 
oder des Vereinigten 
Königreichs 
ansässig 
ist: 
Anerkennungs-, 
Übernahme- 
oder 
Gleichwertigkeitspflicht] 
besteht.]] 
 
Additional Information for Public Offers85 
Zusätzliche Informationen für öffentliche Angebote86 
 
 
Additional Information for Public Offers 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Zusätzliche Informationen für öffentliche Angebote 
[Anwendbar] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject87 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt88 
[●][Not applicable] 
[●][Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Time period, including any possible amendments, during which the offer 
will be open 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während der das Angebot 
vorliegt 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[Minimum offer period 
Mindestdauer der Angebotsfrist] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Description of the application process 
Beschreibung des Prozesses für die Umsetzung des Angebots 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner for 
refunding excess amount paid by applicants 
[●] 
 
 
85 
Only applicable in case of a non-exempt offer. 
86  Nur anwendbar bei einem nicht prospektfreien Angebot. 
87 
Items 5.1.1, 5.1.3 – 5.1.7, 5.2, 5.4.1 of Annex 14 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Commission Regulation 809/2004 are to be checked for each individual case whether applicable or not. However, in respect of each 
issue of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (Annex 14), the Issuer shall consider whether one of these 
items is applicable and, if so, specify the relevant details relating thereto. If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
88  Die Unterpunkte 5.1.1, 5.1.3 – 5.1.7, 5.2 und 5.4.1 von Anhang 14 der Delegierten Verordnung (EU) 2019/980 der Kommission vom 
14. März 2019 zur Ergänzung der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates hinsichtlich der 
Aufmachung, des Inhalts, der Prüfung und der Billigung des Prospekts, der beim öffentlichen Angebot von Wertpapieren oder bei deren 
Zulassung zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt zu veröffentlichen ist, und zur Aufhebung der Verordnung 809/2004 der Kommission 
sind für den Einzelfall auf ihre Anwendbarkeit zu prüfen. Bei jeder Emission mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 (Anhang 14) hat die Emittentin jedoch zu prüfen, ob einer der genannten Unterpunkte anwendbar ist, und falls ja, die 
entsprechenden Einzelheiten einzufügen. Falls nicht anwendbar können die folgenden Angaben gelöscht werden.

--- Page 277 ---
- 277 - 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und der 
Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[●]] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application, (whether 
in number of Notes or aggregate amount to invest) 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung (entweder 
in Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu 
investierenden Betrags) 
[●] 
 
[●] 
 
Method and time limits for paying up the Notes and for delivery of the notes 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre Lieferung 
[●] 
[●] 
 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more 
countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain of these, 
indicate any such tranche 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten in zwei oder mehreren 
Staaten und ist eine bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte vorbehalten, 
Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Not applicable][●] 
 
[Nicht anwendbar][●] 
 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse des Angebots 
offen zu legen sind 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability 
of subscription rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised. 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die 
Marktfähigkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht 
ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechte 
[●] 
 
[●]] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and indication 
whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten Betrags und Angabe, 
ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor dem Meldeverfahren möglich ist 
[●] 
 
[●] 
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of single 
parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the offeror, or the 
placers in the various countries where the offer takes place. 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der Koordinatoren des globalen 
Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots und – sofern der Emittentin 
oder dem Anbieter bekannt – Angaben zu den Platzeuren in den einzelnen 
Ländern des Angebots] 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
 
Pricing89 
Preisfeststellung90 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
[Not applicable] 
[Expected] [Issue Price] 
[Specify details] 
 
Erwarteter Preis, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich 
angeboten werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Erwarteter] 
[Ausgabepreis] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
89 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
90  Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 278 ---
- 278 - 
 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered and maximum issue price 
for Open Issuance Period. 
[Not applicable] 
[Expected][Initial Issue 
Price: [●]] 
[Maximum Issue Price: 
[●]] 
[Specify Details] 
[insert 
details 
for 
further Issue Prices] 
 
Erwarteter Preis, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen angeboten werden, 
und Höchstausgabepreis, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen während der 
Daueremission angeboten werden. 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Erwarteter] 
[Erstausgabepreis: [●]] 
[Höchstausgabepreis: 
[●]] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[Angaben für weitere 
Ausgabepreise 
einfügen] 
 
[An indication where information about the past and the future performance 
of the underlying and its volatility can be obtained by electronic means and 
whether or not it can be obtained free of charge] 
 
 
[Angabe, wo Informationen über die vergangene und zukünftige 
Wertentwicklung des Basiswerts und seine Volatilität auf elektronischem 
Wege abgerufen werden können und ob sie kostenlos erhältlich sind oder 
nicht] 
 
 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify details] 
 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Method of distribution 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement91 
Datum des Subscription Agreements92 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Various categories of potential investors to which the Notes are offered: 
[Qualified Investors] 
[Retail Investors] 
 
91 
Required only for Notes issued on a syndicated basis in the case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
92  Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000, wenn es sich um 
Schuldverschreibungen handelt, die auf syndizierter Basis begeben werden.

--- Page 279 ---
- 279 - 
 
Angabe der verschiedenen Kategorien der potentiellen Investoren, denen 
die Schuldverschreibungen angeboten wurden: 
[Qualifizierte 
Investoren] 
[Privatanleger] 
 
Management details including form of commitment93 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme94 
 
[Management Group (specify name(s) and address(es)) 
Bankenkonsortium (Name(n) und Adresse(n) angeben)] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[Dealer 
Platzeur] 
[●] 
[●] 
 Firm commitment 
Feste Zusage 
[●] 
[●] 
 No firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
Keine feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Commissions95 
Provisionen96 
 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Selling Concession (specify) 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Listing Commission (specify) 
Börsenzulassungsprovision (angeben) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Other (specify) 
Andere (angeben) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Stabilisation Manager 
Kursstabilisierender Manager 
 
 
Stabilising Manager 
Kursstabilisierender Manager 
[insert details][None] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[Keiner] 
 
Consent to use the Base Prospectus97 
Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Basisprospekts98 
 
 Not Applicable 
Nicht anwendbar 
 
 
93 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
94  Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
95  Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
96  Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
97  
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
98  
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 280 ---
- 280 - 
 No Consent 
Keine Zustimmung 
 
 Specific Consent 
Besondere Zustimmung 
 
 
Period for which consent to use the Base Prospectus is given 
[From [●] (inclusive) to 
[●](exclusive)] 
 
Zeitraum, für den die Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Basisprospekts 
erteilt wird 
[Von [●] (einschließ-
lich) bis 
[●](ausschließlich)] 
 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes 
can be made 
[From [●] (inclusive) to 
[●](exclusive)] 
 
Angebotsperiode, während derer der spätere Weiterverkauf oder die 
endgültige Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen kann 
[Von [●] (einschließ-
lich) bis 
[●](ausschließlich)] 
 
Jurisdictions 
[Czech Republic] 
[Luxembourg] 
 
Jurisdiktionen 
[Tschechien] 
[Luxemburg] 
 
Name[s] and address[es] of the Dealer[s] [and] [or] financial [intermediary] 
[intermediaries] 
[insert 
name(s) 
and 
address(es) 
of 
the 
Specifically Authorised 
Offeror[s]] 
 
Name[n] und Adresse[n] [des Platzeurs] [der Platzeure] [und] [oder] [des 
Finanzintermediärs] [der Finanzintermediäre] 
[Namen und Adresse(n) 
[der][des] 
Konkret 
Berechtigten einfügen] 
 
Website, on which any new information with respect to any Dealers and 
financial intermediaries unknown at the time the Base Prospectus was 
approved or these Final Terms were filed with the relevant Competent 
Authority/authorities, will be published 
[insert website] 
 
Internetseite, auf der alle neuen Informationen bzgl. der Platzeure und 
Finanzintermediäre, die zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung des 
Basisprospekts bzw. zum Zeitpunkt der Hinterlegung dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen bei der/den zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörden nicht bekannt 
waren, veröffentlicht werden 
[Internetseite einfügen] 
 
Additional conditions attached to the consent which are relevant for the use 
of the Base Prospectus 
[Not applicable] 
[specify details] 
 
Zusätzliche Bedingungen, an die die Zustimmung gebunden ist und die für 
die Verwendung des Basisprospekts relevant sind 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]

--- Page 281 ---
- 281 - 
 General Consent 
Generelle Zustimmung 
 
 
Period for which consent to use the Base Prospectus is given 
[From [●] (inclusive) to 
[●](exclusive)] 
 
Zeitraum, für den die Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Basisprospekts 
erteilt wird 
[Von [●] (einschließ-
lich) bis 
[●](ausschließlich)] 
 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes 
can be made 
[From [●] (inclusive) to 
[●] (exclusive)] 
 
Angebotsperiode, während derer der spätere Weiterverkauf oder die 
endgültige Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen kann 
[Von [●] 
(einschließlich) bis 
[●](ausschließlich)] 
 
Jurisdictions 
[Czech Republic] 
[Luxembourg] 
 
Jurisdiktionen 
[Tschechien] 
[Luxemburg] 
 
Additional conditions attached to the consent which are relevant for the use 
of the Base Prospectus 
[Not applicable] 
[specify details] 
 
Zusätzliche Bedingungen, an die die Zustimmung gebunden ist und die für 
die Verwendung des Basisprospekts relevant sind 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Intended Admission(s) to Trading and Listing(s) / Dealing Agreements 
Beabsichtigte 
Börsenzulassung(en) 
und 
–notierung(en) 
/ 
Dealer-
Vereinbarungen 
 
 
Admission(s) to Trading and Listing(s) 
[Yes][No][Application 
[has 
been][will 
be] 
made] 
 
Börsenzulassung(en) und –notierung(en) 
[Ja][Nein][Zulassungs-
antrag 
[wurde][wird] 
gestellt] 
 Luxembourg Stock Exchange: Admission: Regulated Market (Bourse de 
Luxembourg) / Listing: Official List 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse: Börsenzulassung: Regulierter Markt 
(Bourse de Luxembourg) / Notierung: Official List 
 
 Stock Exchange: 
Wiener Börse:  
[Regulated 
Market] 
[Vienna MTF][●] 
[Amtlicher 
Handel] 
[Vienna MTF][●] 
 Other (insert details) 
Sonstige (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Expected date of admission99 
Erwarteter Termin der Zulassung100 
[●] 
[●] 
 
99 
To be completed only, if known. 
100  Nur auszufüllen, sofern bekannt.

--- Page 282 ---
- 282 - 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading101 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel102 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Regulated Markets or equivalent markets on which, to the knowledge of the 
Issuer, notes of the same class of the Notes to be offered or admitted to 
trading are already admitted to trading.103 
[●] 
 
Angabe geregelter oder gleichwertiger Märkte, auf denen nach Kenntnis 
der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, 
die zum Handel angeboten oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum 
Handel zugelassen sind. 104 
[●] 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries in secondary trading, providing liquidity through bid and 
offer rates and description of the main terms of their commitment.105 
[not applicable] [specify 
details] 
 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen Zusage als 
Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und Liquidität mittels Geld- und 
Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der 
Zusagevereinbarung. 106 
[nicht 
anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Rating107 
Rating108  
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been] [are expected to be] rated: 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider] 
 
 
[Die 
zu 
begebenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
[wurden] 
[werden 
voraussichtlich] von: 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[[Andere]: [●]] 
geratet.] 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden voraussichtlich nicht geratet.] 
[Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings, wenn von der 
Ratingagentur zuvor veröffentlicht.] 
 
 
[This credit rating [has] [is] / These credit ratings [have been] [are expected 
to be] issued by [insert full name of legal entity which has given / is 
expected to give the rating] which [[is] [are] established in the European 
Union, [is] [are] registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
 
 
101 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000 or the equivalent amount in another currency. 
102  Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden 
Betrag in einer anderen Währung. 
103 Only to be completed in the case of an increase. In the case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already 
admitted to trading. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
104  Nur auszufüllen im Falle einer Aufstockung. Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die 
Angabe erforderlich, dass die ursprünglichen Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
105 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
106  Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
107 Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis.  
108  Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt.

--- Page 283 ---
- 283 - 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended and [is] [are] included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with this Regulation published by the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs).] 
[[is] [are] not established in the European Union and [is not][are not] 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies.] 
 
[Dieses Rating [wurde] [wird voraussichtlich][Diese Ratings [wurden] 
[werden voraussichtlich] von [vollständigen Namen der juristischen 
Person, die das Rating abgibt, einfügen] abgegeben, welche [in der 
Europäischen Union gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 in ihrer 
jeweils gültigen Fassung über Ratingagenturen registriert [ist][sind] und 
welche gemäß dieser Verordnung in die Liste der registrierten und 
zertifizierten Ratingagenturen aufgenommen [wurde] [wurden]. Die Liste 
ist auf der Website der der European Securities and Markets Authority 
(www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
veröffentlicht.] 
[nicht in der Europäischen Union gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 
1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 
2009 über Ratingagenturen registriert [ist ][sind.]

--- Page 284 ---
- 284 - 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors109 
Verkaufsbeschränkung für EEA Kleinanleger110 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[applicable] 
[not applicable]  
 
Verkaufsbeschränkung für EEA Kleinanleger  
[anwendbar] 
[nicht anwendbar] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors111 
Verkaufsbeschränkung für GB Kleinanleger112 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[applicable] 
[not applicable]  
 
Verkaufsbeschränkung für GB Kleinanleger  
[anwendbar] 
[nicht anwendbar] 
 
[Third Party Information 
Information von Seiten Dritter 
 
 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the 
Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been 
omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and 
(ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the 
accuracy thereof. 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden 
sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung 
gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die 
reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat 
diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre 
Richtigkeit.] 
 
[Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
 
____________________________________ 
____________________________________ 
[Name & title of signatories] 
 
[Name und Titel der Unterzeichnenden]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
109 If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and a KID will be prepared, "not applicable" should be specified. 
110  Können die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID wird erstellt, sollte "anwendbar" angegeben werden. 
Können die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und ein KID wird erstellt, sollte "nicht anwendbar" angegeben 
werden. 
111 If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and a KID will be prepared, "not applicable" should be specified. 
112  Können die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID wird erstellt, sollte "anwendbar" angegeben werden. 
Können die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und ein KID wird erstellt, sollte "nicht anwendbar" angegeben 
werden.

--- Page 285 ---
- 285 - 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC AND REGULATION OF 
EMERGENCY MEASURES IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC 
The Terms and Conditions provide, inter alia, that the courts of Germany shall have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes. As the principal assets of the Issuer are located 
in the Czech Republic, any judgements rendered in disputes connected with the Notes will likely be enforced in 
these two jurisdictions. 
The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments of civil courts in the Czech Republic is governed by EU 
law, public international treaties and domestic legislation. In relations among the EU Member States, Regulation 
(EU) 1215/2012, which recast Regulation (EC) 44/2001 (the Brussels I Recast), is the governing law on the 
recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments in the Czech Republic. Based on this regulation, court rulings 
issued by any court authority in the EU member states, including Germany, with regard to civil and commercial 
matters are enforceable in the Czech Republic, subject to the rules of the Brussels I Recast and, vice versa, court 
rulings issued by court authorities in the Czech Republic with regard to civil and commercial matters are 
reciprocally enforceable in the EU member states, including Germany. 
According to the EC Regulation No. 593/2008 of 17 June 2008 on the law applicable to contractual obligations, 
parties to a contract may, subject to the terms set out therein, select the law which will govern their contractual 
relations in civil and commercial matters and Czech courts will give effect to such choice of law. Unless parties 
to the dispute agreed otherwise, or unless courts of a different member state have an exclusive jurisdiction, foreign 
entities are able to bring civil proceedings before Czech courts against individuals and legal entities domiciled 
therein. In court proceedings, Czech courts apply their respective national procedural rules and their judgments 
are enforceable in their respective jurisdictions, subject to certain statutory limitations on the ability of creditors 
to enforce judgments against certain assets. 
Any person bringing an action in the Czech Republic may be required to: (i) submit to the court a translation in 
the Czech language (apostilled if applicable pursuant to respective international treaties) of any relevant 
document prepared by a sworn translator authorised by such court; and (ii) pay a court filing fee. 
In the event that court judgments against the Issuer are issued by court bodies of non-EU member states, the 
following rules shall apply: 
In cases where the Czech Republic concluded a treaty with a specific country on the recognition and enforcement 
of court rulings, the enforcement of court rulings issued in such country is ensured in accordance with the 
provisions of the applicable international treaty. If no such treaty exists, then the rulings of foreign courts shall 
be recognized and enforced in the Czech Republic in accordance with the Czech Private International Law Act 
and other relevant legislation. In the event of a foreign ruling against a Czech individual or legal entity, such a 
foreign ruling shall be recognized and enforced if, among other things, actual reciprocity has been established 
regarding the recognition and enforcement of judgments rendered by Czech courts in the relevant country.  
The Czech Ministry of Justice may, upon a request of a Czech court, provide the court with declaration that 
reciprocity has been established with respect to a particular foreign country. If such declaration of reciprocity has 
not been issued with regard to a particular country, however, this does not automatically mean that reciprocity 
cannot be established in a given case. In such cases, the recognition of reciprocity would be assessed as part of 
the proceedings by the Czech court based on the actual situation in a given country with regard to the recognition 
of judgments of Czech authorities. 
On the other hand, even if reciprocity has been established and declared by the Ministry of Justice with respect 
to judgments issued by judicial bodies of a particular foreign country, such judgments may not be recognized and 
enforced under applicable provisions of Czech law if, for example: (i) the matter falls within the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of the Czech Republic, or in the event that the proceedings on recognition and 
enforcement could not have been conducted by any authority of a foreign state, should the provisions on the 
jurisdiction of Czech courts be applied for considering the jurisdiction of the foreign authority (unless the party 
against whom the decision was issued voluntarily submitted to the authority of the foreign body); (ii) a Czech 
court has issued or recognized a final judgment in the same matter, or proceedings regarding the same matter are 
pending before a Czech court; (iii) the foreign authority deprived the party to the proceedings against whom the 
judgment was made of the opportunity to properly participate in the proceedings (i.e., in particular, if such party 
had not been duly served for the purposes of the initiation of the proceedings); or (iv) the recognition of a foreign 
judgment would be contrary to the public order in the Czech Republic.

--- Page 286 ---
- 286 - 
The Government of the Czech Republic (or the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic, in specific cases) may, 
under the Czech Constitutional Act. No. 110/1998 Coll., on Security of the Czech Republic, as amended, declare 
a state of emergency. In line with the Czech Act No. 240/2000 Coll., on Crisis Management and on Amendments 
of Certain Acts (Crisis Act), as amended, if the state of emergency is declared, payments in foreign currency or 
abroad generally, interbank transfers of monies from abroad to the Czech Republic and/or sale of securities 
(including the Notes) abroad may be suspended for the duration of such state of emergency. The state of 
emergency may be declared for a maximum period of 30 days. The duration, however, may be prolonged subject 
to prior consent of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic.

--- Page 287 ---
- 287 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general business purposes, which 
include making a profit. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Furthermore, where "Green Notes", "Social Notes" or "Sustainability Notes" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the net proceeds or an amount equivalent to the net proceeds will be used to finance the Eligible Projects 
as further specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer provides more details with regard to its prospective 
Green Notes, Social Notes and Sustainability Notes issues in (i) its Sustainability Bond Framework (the 
Sustainability Bond Framework disclosed on the Issuer´s website www.rb.cz (under the following link: 
https://www.rb.cz/en/obligatory-published-information/raiffeisen-as-bond-programme) and (ii) in the relevant 
Final Terms under the section "Use of proceeds". Such Sustainability Bond Framework may be updated from 
time to time. Prior to issuances of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes, the Issuer mandated a 
recognised second party opinion provider, which is ISS Corporate Solutions, Inc. (the ISS) a provider of ESG 
research and analysis. The ISS evaluated the robustness and credibility of the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond 
Framework and the intended use of proceeds in terms of its alignment with the relevant industry standards, 
including the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021, the Social Bond Principles 2021 and the Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines 2021 (all as amended from time to time). On such basis, the ISS reviewed the Issuer's Sustainability 
Bond Framework and provided its SPO thereon, which is also disclosed on the Issuer’s website www.rb.cz (under 
the following link: https://www.rb.cz/en/obligatory-published-information/raiffeisen-as-bond-programme). 
Criteria for selecting the Eligible Projects under the Sustainability Bond Framework 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds raised by the issuance of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability 
Notes shall be used to finance or re-finance, in part or in full, new or existing eligible loans providing distinct 
environmental and societal benefits and financing assets dedicated to the Eligible Categories set out in the 
Sustainability Bond Framework.  
The Issuer will strive to substitute any redeemed or maturing eligible loans with other eligible loans and/or if any 
such loans cease to be an eligible loan, as soon as practicable once an appropriate substitution option has been 
identified. Pending the allocation or reallocation, as the case might be, of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
raised by the issuance of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes, the Issuer will invest the balance of 
the net proceeds in money market instruments, cash or cash equivalents instruments. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Sustainability Bond Framework sets out the following Eligible Green 
Categories (and provides detailed information on the eligibility criteria of each Eligible Green Category): 
• 
Green Buildings - financing or refinancing Eligible Green Loans or investments in green assets or projects 
related to the construction, acquisition and ownership or renovation of buildings in the commercial and retail 
real estate sector. Eligible loans may include both loans to private individuals (mortgages) or to legal entities, 
fulfilling the criteria presented in the Sustainability Bond Framework. 
• 
Renewable Energy - financing or refinancing Eligible Green Loans and/or investments to equipment, 
development, manufacturing, construction, installation, operation, distribution, and maintenance of 
renewable energy projects.  
• 
Energy Efficiency - financing or refinancing Eligible Green Loans related to the development and 
implementation of products or technology that reduce energy consumption. 
• 
Clean Transportation, financing or refinancing Eligible Green Loans related to purchase, rental, leasing and 
operation of zero- direct emission vehicles as well as related infrastructure (e.g. electric charging points). 
• 
Sustainable Agriculture and Forestry - Eligible Green Loans to finance or refinance environmentally 
sustainable management of living natural resources and land use. 
• 
Pollution Prevention and Control - Eligible Green Loans to finance or refinance development, construction, 
operation and maintenance of sustainable waste management and recycling projects, activities and 
operations. 
• 
Eco-efficient and / or Circular Economy Adapted Products, Production Technologies and Processes.

--- Page 288 ---
- 288 - 
• 
Sustainable Water and Wastewater Management - Eligible Green Loans to finance or refinance 
development, construction, operation and maintenance of sustainable water and waste-water management 
projects and facilities. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Sustainability Bond Framework sets out the following Eligible Social 
Categories (and provides detailed information on the eligibility criteria of each Eligible Social Category): 
• 
Education and Vocational Training - Access to public and publicly subsidized educational services as well 
as investments that support childhood development (e.g. Kindergartens) through the provision of loans for 
construction/ upgrading of facilities and/ or equipment. 
• 
Access to Essential Services. 
• 
Affordable Housing - Financing the construction, renovation, and/or maintenance of social and affordable 
housing in Czech Republic. Financing co-operative housing associations, building societies, non-profit 
organizations and public utility housing enterprises, with the aim of providing suitable homes for individuals 
and families. 
• 
Employment generation and protection: Micro, Small and Medium size Enterprises (MSME) financing. 
Sustainability profile of the Green Notes, Social Notes and Sustainability Notes issued under the 
Sustainability Bond Framework 
The Sustainability Bond Framework is aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 (GBP), ICMA Social 
Bond Principles 2021 (SBP) and ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021 (SBG). These are a set of voluntary 
guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the development of the green, 
social and sustainable bond markets. In formulating the Sustainability Bond Framework care was also taken to 
reflect both the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and, on the best effort basis, the 
requirements of the EU classification system for sustainable economic activities (EU Taxonomy) for Climate 
Change Mitigation and Climate Change Adaptation presented by the European Commission. 
Second Party Opinion 
SPO on the Sustainability Bond Framework was provided by ISS on 4 May 2022, assessing three core elements 
to determine the sustainability quality of the instrument:  
(a) 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Notes link to Issuer’s sustainability strategy: 
According to ISS, the use of proceeds financed through notes issued under the Sustainability Bond Framework 
is consistent with the Issuer sustainability strategy and material ESG topics for the industry. The rationale for 
issuing Green, Social and Sustainability Notes is clearly described by the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Sustainability Bond Framework benchmarked against the ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles: 
According to ISS, The Issuer has defined a formal concept for its Green, Social and Sustainability Notes regarding 
the use of proceeds, processes for project evaluation and selection, management of proceeds, and reporting. This 
concept is in line with ICMA Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and the Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines; and 
(c) 
the Sustainability quality of the Eligibility Criteria: 
According to ISS, the overall sustainability quality of the selection criteria in terms of sustainability benefits, risk 
avoidance and minimisation is good. The environmental and social risks associated with those use of proceeds 
categories have been well managed.

--- Page 289 ---
- 289 - 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables present selected historical consolidated financial information of the Issuer as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 which has been derived from the financial statements of the Issuer 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The information below should be read in conjunction with 
the information contained in Presentation of Information and the financial statements of the Issuer incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the EU.  
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
For the Year Ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(in CZK million) 
(in CZK million) 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Interest income and similar income calculated using 
the effective interest rate method 
40,504 
29,900 
Other interest income 
2,975 
2,738 
Interest expense and similar expense 
(28,070) 
(16,880) 
Net interest income 
15,409 
15,758 
 
 
 
Fee and commission income 
6,455 
6,152 
Fee and commission expenses 
(1,778) 
(1,158) 
Net fee and commission income 
4,677 
4,994 
 
 
 
Net gain/(loss) on financial operations 
(322) 
(606) 
Net gain/(loss) on financial assets other than held for trading 
mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
16 
(7) 
Net gain/(loss) from hedge accounting 
(90) 
(104) 
Dividend income 
1 
1 
Impairment gains/(losses) on credit and off-balance sheet 
exposures 
(983) 
140 
Gain/(loss) from derecognition of financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
8 
5 
Personnel expenses 
(4,476) 
(4,399) 
General operating expenses 
(3,167) 
(3,413) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
(2,065) 
(2,326) 
Other operating income 
998 
881 
Other operating expenses 
(177) 
(185) 
Gains/(losses) on the sale of subsidiaries and joint ventures 
- 
188 
Gains/(losses) on non-current assets and disposal groups 
5 
11 
Operating profit 
9,834 
10,938 
Share of the income from affiliated companies 
12 
11 
Profit before tax 
9,846 
10,949 
Income tax 
(2,352) 
(2,145) 
Net profit for the year attributable to: 
7,494 
8,804 
– shareholders of the parent company 
7,494 
8,804 
– non-controlling interests 
- 
- 
Earnings per share/Diluted earnings per share (in CZK) 
4,647 
5,491 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in future: 
 
 
Net gain/(loss) from remeasurement of equity securities at FVOCI 
23 
(9) 
Deferred tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit 
or loss in following periods 
(4) 
1 
Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss in future: 
 
 
Revaluation of cash flow hedges 
729 
(427) 
Deferred tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit 
or loss in following periods 
(200) 
148 
Total other comprehensive income attributable to: 
548 
(287) 
– shareholders of the parent company 
548 
(287)

--- Page 290 ---
- 290 - 
– non-controlling interests 
- 
- 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
8,042 
8,517 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(in CZK million) 
(in CZK million) 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Assets 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
14,939 
13,902 
Financial assets held for trading 
5,364 
7,710 
Trading derivatives 
4,918 
7,548 
Securities held for trading 
446 
162 
Financial assets other than held for trading mandatorily measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
208 
194 
Financial assets at FVOCI 
132 
101 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
681,604 
616,396 
   Loans and advances to banks 
152,950 
160,048 
   Loans and advances to customers 
429,589 
412,736 
   Debt securities 
99,065 
43,612 
Finance leases 
8,176 
8,097 
Fair value remeasurement of portfolio-remeasured items 
50 
(5,755) 
Hedging derivatives with positive fair value 
5,152 
7,347 
Income tax asset 
49 
29 
Deferred tax asset 
24 
27 
Equity investments in associated companies 
125 
113 
Intangible assets 
5,715 
5,868 
Property, plant and equipment 
3,291 
3,464 
Investment property 
47 
257 
Other assets 
14,874 
8,632 
Total assets 
739,750 
666,382 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
4,678 
7,968 
   Trading derivatives 
4,678 
7,968 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost 
666,182 
596,589 
   Deposits from banks 
23,719 
10,669 
   Deposits from customers 
593,995 
550,061 
   Debt securities issued 
36,312 
24,553 
   Subordinated liabilities and bonds 
5,232 
5,162 
   Other financial liabilities 
6,924 
6,144 
Fair value remeasurement of portfolio-remeasured items 
(6,467) 
(14,354) 
Hedging derivatives with negative fair value 
12,725 
17,658 
Provisions 
1,339 
1,384 
Current tax liability 
155 
1,166 
Deferred tax liability 
695 
354 
Other liabilities 
1,749 
1,472 
Total liabilities 
681,056 
612,237 
 
 
 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital 
15,461 
15,461

--- Page 291 ---
- 291 - 
Reserve fund 
824 
824 
Fair value reserve 
(117) 
(665) 
Retained earnings 
30,201 
24,890 
Other equity instruments 
4,831 
4,831 
Profit for the year 
7,494 
8,804 
Total equity attributable to the parent company’s shareholders 
58,694 
54,145 
Total liabilities and equity 
739,750 
666,382 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
 
 
For the Year Ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022113 
 
(in CZK million) 
(in CZK million) 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Profit before tax 
9,846 
10,949 
Adjustments for non-cash transactions 
 
 
Impairment gains/(losses) on credit and off-balance sheet exposures 
983 
(140) 
Depreciation/amortisation expense 
2,065 
2,326 
Creation of other provisions 
(126) 
(13) 
Change in fair value of derivatives 
(3,398) 
4,947 
Unrealised losses/(gains) on remeasurement of securities 
(29) 
5 
Gain/(loss) on sale of property and equipment and intangible assets 
(36) 
(138) 
Gain on the sale of subsidiaries and joint ventures 
- 
(188) 
Change in the remeasurement of hedged items upon fair value hedge 
2,082 
(3,767) 
Share of profit from associated companies 
(12) 
(11) 
Remeasurement of foreign currency positions 
593 
453 
Change in accruals and amortisation of financial assets and liabilities 
(86) 
451 
(Release)/creation of initial loss on financial assets and assignment of 
receivables 
(489) 
(104) 
Other non-cash changes 
(50) 
(413) 
Operating profit before changes in operating assets and liabilities 
11,343 
14,357 
Operating cash flow  
 
 
(Increase)/decrease in operating assets 
 
 
Mandatory minimum reserves with the Czech National Bank (CNB) 
(6,138) 
1,948 
Loans and advances to banks 
7,159 
38,192 
Loans and advances to customers 
(14,214) 
(43,543) 
Debt securities held at amortised cost 
(54,096) 
(6,969) 
Securities held for trading 
(279) 
(2) 
Financial assets other than those held for trading mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss 
(13) 
303 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income  
(31) 
(82) 
Finance leases  
(52) 
(78) 
Other assets 
(104) 
792 
(Increase)/decrease in operating liabilities 
 
 
Deposits from banks 
12,600 
(2,231) 
Deposits from customers 
41,700 
(2,213) 
Other financial liabilities 
910 
2 335 
Other liabilities 
277 
(6) 
Net operating cash flow before tax 
(938) 
2,803 
Income tax paid 
(3,212) 
(1,166) 
 
113 As presented as comparative information in the 2023 consolidated financial statements of the Issuer.

--- Page 292 ---
- 292 - 
Net operating cash flow 
(4,150) 
1,637 
Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 
Sale of equity investments 
- 
453 
Increase in equity investments 
- 
- 
Acquisition of property and equipment and intangible assets 
(1,651) 
(1,737) 
Proceeds from sale of non-current assets 
156 
215 
Dividends received 
1 
1 
Net cash flow from investing activities 
(1,494) 
(1,068) 
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 
Dividends paid and paid coupons on other equity instruments 
(3,494) 
(296) 
Increase in share capital 
- 
- 
Increase in other equity instruments 
- 
- 
Debt securities issued 
13,232 
4,971 
Repayment of debt securities issued 
(2,894) 
- 
Repayment of subordinated deposits 
(41) 
(249) 
Proceeds from issue of subordinated debt 
- 
- 
Lease liabilities 
(355) 
(370) 
Net cash flow from financing activities 
6,448 
4,056 
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 
804 
4,625 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  
13,902 
9,461 
Foreign exchange gains/losses on cash and cash equivalents at the 
beginning of the year 
233 
(184) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  
14,939 
13,902 
Interest received 
41,739 
32,208 
Interest paid 
(29,488) 
(17,841)

--- Page 293 ---
- 293 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The following description of the Issuer sets out selected consolidated financial information relating to the 
Raiffeisen Group and selected individual financial information relating to the Issuer. Unless stated otherwise, all 
such financial information has been extracted from the financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Introduction 
The Issuer was incorporated on 25 June 1993 as a joint stock company. The Issuer was registered with the 
Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague File No. B 2051 on 25 June 1993. As stated 
in Article 2 of the most recent version of the Articles of Association of the Issuer dated 21 September 2021 (filed 
in the Issuer's collection of deeds in the Czech Commercial Register which is publicly accessible at 
www.justice.cz), the Issuer´s scope of business is s banking and financial transactions and other operations listed 
in the banking licence, granted in accordance with the Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks, as amended (the 
Czech Banking Act). The Issuer is also entitled to set up branch offices or other company units in the Czech 
Republic and abroad, and to establish subsidiaries and hold capital interests provided that generally binding legal 
regulations are respected. The Issuer´s identification number is 492 40 901, its LEI is 31570010000000004460. 
The Issuer is a major bank and financial services provider in the Czech Republic, offering a wide range of 
banking and financial services to private and corporate clients. The Issuer is the parent company of the Raiffeisen 
Group which offers products and services in the Czech Republic in the area of banking and financial services, 
building savings and loans, insurance and leasing. The Issuer's registered office is at Hvězdova 1716/2b, Prague 
4, Postal Code 140 78, Czech Republic, its telephone number is + 420 412 446 400 and its internet address is 
www.rb.cz. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Raiffeisen Group served clients at 282 branch offices and client centres throughout 
the Czech Republic. The recalculated average number of the Raiffeisen Group´s employees for 2023 was 3,524. 
As of 31 December 2023, the total assets of the Raiffeisen Group amounted to CZK 739.8 billion. 
As of 31 December 2023, the share capital of the Issuer amounts to CZK 15,460,800,000 and has been fully 
paid. The share capital of the Issuer composes of 1,546,080 ordinary shares with the nominal value CZK 10,000 
each which do not have any special rights associated with them. Ordinary shares include the entitlement to 
participate in the Issuer’s governance and the entitlement to a share on profit. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Raiffeisen Group had CZK 594.0 billion of customers deposits and CZK 429.6 
billion of customer loans (net of loss allowances). 
The Issuer and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (the Raiffeisen Group) are part of the RBI Group, which has 
provided financial services for over 140 years and is one of the strongest financial institutions operating in the 
field of commercial and investment banking in CEE. As of 31 December 2023, the RBI Group operated in many 
countries in the CEE, had 44,887 full-time equivalent employees and served approximately 18.6 million clients. 
As of 31 December 2023, the total capital adequacy ratio of the Issuer reached 24.02 per cent. (21.00 per cent. 
as of 31 December 2022), Core Tier 1 ratio stood at 18.95 per cent. (16.64 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) 
and Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio stood at 21.31 per cent. (18.72 per cent. as of 31 December 2022). 
As of 31 December 2023, the total capital adequacy ratio of Raiffeisen Group reached 19.98 per cent. (18.31 per 
cent. as of 31 December 2022), Core Tier 1 ratio stood at 15.97 per cent. (14.49 per cent. as of 31 December 
2022) and Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio stood at 17.78 per cent. (16.26 per cent. as of 31 December 2022). 
As of 31 December 2023, the total risk weighted assets of the Issuer amounted to CZK 204.9 billion (compared 
to CZK 232.0 billion as of 31 December 2022). 
As of 31 December 2023, the total risk weighted assets of the Raiffeisen Group amounted to CZK 266.0 billion 
(compared to CZK 272.8 billion as of 31 December 2022). 
As of 31 December 2023, the Risk Cost of the Raiffeisen Group amounted to (0.23) per cent. (compared to 0.033 
per cent. as of 31 December 2022).114 
 
114 Calculated as the ratio between “Impairment gains/(losses) on credit and off-balance sheet exposures” item (CZK (983) million for the 
year ended 31 December 2023 and CZK 140 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, as set out on page 66 of the 2023 Consolidated

--- Page 294 ---
- 294 - 
In the conduct of its activities, the Issuer is primarily governed by Czech law, in particular the Czech Banking 
Act, the Czech Act No. 90/2012 Coll., on Business Corporations and Cooperatives, as amended (the Czech 
Corporations Act), the Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as 
amended (the Czech Capital Markets Act), and other Czech laws and regulations governing operations in the 
banking and capital markets. 
Resolution Strategy 
RBI Group adopted a multiple point of entry resolution strategy with 7 independent and ring-fenced resolution 
groups, whereas the Raiffeisen Group is one of them. The overall minimum MREL requirement expressed as the 
total risk exposure amount (TREA) prescribed by the CNB and applicable to the Raiffeisen Group is 23.2 per 
cent. as of 1 January 2024, 23.2 per cent. as of 1 January 2025, and 23.2 per cent. as of 1 January 2026. At the 
same time, the MREL requirement expressed as a percentage of the sum of capital and eligible liabilities over 
the total exposure measure (TEM) prescribed by the CNB and applicable to the Raiffeisen Group is 5.91 per 
cent. as of 1 January 2024, 5.91 per cent. as of 1 January 2025, and 5.91 per cent. as of 1 January 2026. 
History 
RBI Group traces its origins to the founding of the Raiffeisen Financial Group by Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen 
in Anhausen in 1862, which originally began as a cooperative banking association. By the mid 1890's, more than 
600 banking associations based on the Raiffeisen system were already operating in Austria, which soon became 
popular not only in Europe, but also spread overseas. Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen's Raiffeisen Financial Group 
was to gradually become the largest private financial group in Austria. 
Today, the various successors of Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen's original Raiffeisen Financial Group have been 
providing financial services for over 140 years. 
The Issuer started in 1993 with two branch offices, and thanks to successful growth, gradually became the fifth 
largest bank firmly established on the Czech market.115 
Raiffeisen Group 
Raiffeisen Group offers products and services in the Czech Republic in the area of banking and financial services, 
building savings and loans, and leasing. Raiffeisen Group consists primarily of the Issuer, Raiffeisen stavební 
spořitelna, a.s. (RSTS), Raiffeisen-Leasing, s.r.o. (Raiffeisen-Leasing), Raiffeisen Direct Investments CZ, s.r.o. 
(RDI), and Raiffeisen investiční společnost a.s. (RIS).Raiffeisen-Leasing is a universal leasing company 
offering a comprehensive range of financial products, including supplementary services for corporate entities 
and private individuals. See Description of the Issuer – Corporate Structure below for further details. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Raiffeisen Group comprised the Issuer and 18 direct and indirect subsidiaries in 
the Czech Republic. The following table provides an overview of Raiffeisen Group companies that are 
consolidated in the financial statements as of 31 December 2023: 
Group Entity 
Parent Company 
Issuer's 
effective 
holding 
Consolidation 
method 
 
 
(per cent.) 
 
RIS ..................................................................  
Issuer 
100.0 
Full method 
Raiffeisen stavební spořitelna a.s ....................  
Issuer 
100.0 
Full method 
Raiffeisen – Leasing .......................................  
Issuer 
100.0 
Full method 
Raiffeisen FinCorp, s.r.o. ................................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
Appolon Property, s.r.o. ..................................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
Luna Property, s.r.o. ........................................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
RLRE Carina Property, s.r.o. ..........................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
Orchideus Property, s. r. o. ..............................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
Viktor Property, s.r.o. .....................................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
Hestia Property, s.r.o. ......................................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
RDI  ................................................................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
RDI Management s.r.o. ...................................  
RDI 
100.0 
Full method 
RDI Czech 1 s.r.o. ...........................................  
RDI 
100.0 
Full method 
RDI Czech 3 s.r.o. ...........................................  
RDI 
100.0 
Full method 
 
Financial Statements) and the “Loans and advances to customers – gross” item (CZK 435,218 million as of 31 December 2023 and CZK 
417,980 million as of 31 December 2022, as set out on pages 112 and 113 of the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements). 
115 Source: Issuer's internal analysis of data collected from the publicly available information of other banks active on the Czech market.

--- Page 295 ---
- 295 - 
RDI Czech 4 s.r.o. ...........................................  
RDI 
100.0 
Full method 
RDI Czech 5 s.r.o. ...........................................  
RDI 
100.0 
Full method 
RDI Czech 6 s.r.o. ...........................................  
RDI 
100.0 
Full method 
AKCENTA CZ a.s.  ........................................  
Issuer 
30.0 
Equity method 
RBI Group and the Issuer's Shareholders 
Raiffeisen Group is part of RBI Group which regards as its home both Austria, where it is a leading corporate 
and investment bank, and the CEE, where it operates an extensive network of subsidiary banks, leasing 
companies and a range of other specialised financial service providers. 
The Issuer's majority shareholder, holding 75 per cent. of its registered share capital, is Raiffeisen CEE Region 
Holding GmbH. Raiffeisen CEE Region Holding GmbH is indirectly wholly owned by RBI. Regional Raiffeisen 
banks (Landesbanks) own approximately 61 per cent. of RBI, while the remaining shares are held by diverse 
investors (the shares are listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange). The Issuer's second shareholder, holding the 
remaining 25 per cent. of the Issuer's registered share capital, is RLB OÖ Sektorholding GmbH, which is a 
member of the group of Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberosterreich Aktiengesellschaft. 
The ultimate parent company of the Issuer is RBI. 
The Issuer is indirectly controlled by RBI. This control is based on RBI's indirect ownership of 75 per cent. of 
the registered share capital of the Issuer. The Issuer is not aware of any measures in place to ensure that such 
control is not abused other than the general limitations set forth by the Czech corporate law and banking 
regulations; the Issuer is regulated as a bank and is subject to the CNB supervision. 
Since the outbreak of the war in Ukraine, RBI is reducing its exposure in Russia and is working on a 
deconsolidation of AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia and its subsidiaries (AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia and its 
subsidiaries together, the Russian Subsidiaries) from the RBI Group by way of a sale or spinoff of the Russian 
Subsidiaries, in full compliance with local and international laws and regulations and in consultation with the 
relevant competent authorities. In case of a spin-off, the Russian Subsidiaries would be carved out of the RBI 
Group and RBI shareholders would receive shares in an entity that holds this stake.  
Since February 2022, RBI has taken substantial measures to mitigate the risks deriving from its ownership of the 
Russian Subsidiaries, including specifically risks to its capital position and liquidity, and risks from increased 
sanction compliance requirements. RBI expects the ECB in the near term to issue a request for an acceleration 
of the business reduction in Russia. 
On 14 February 2024, RBI announced that it is in advanced negotiations on the disposal of its 87.74 per cent. 
stake in Priorbank JSC, Belarus, and its subsidiaries, with Soven 1 Holding Limited, an investor from the United 
Arab Emirates, resulting in a potential exit of RBI from the Belarusian market. The signing of the transaction is 
– among other conditions – pending proof of funds by the investor with transfer of full collateral for the 
transaction consideration. 
In January 2023, RBI received a Request for Information (RFI) from the Office of Foreign Assets Control 
(OFAC) of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. The questions raised by OFAC in the RFI seek to clarify 
payments business and related processes maintained by RBI with respect to U.S. correspondent banks in light of 
the developments related to Russia and Ukraine. RBI has also been cooperating with the U.S. Department of 
Justice (DOJ) since March 2023 in connection with a DOJ inquiry into RBI's compliance with sanctions against 
Russia. As a matter of principle, RBI maintains policies and procedures that are designed to ensure compliance 
with applicable embargoes and financial sanctions and is cooperating fully with OFAC and DOJ in relation to 
their requests to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations. 
Other Czech Operations of the RBI Group 
In addition to the activities carried out by the Raiffeisen Group in the Czech Republic (see Description of the 
Issuer – Corporate Structure below for further details), the RBI Group carries out certain other business activities 
in the Czech Republic through UNIQA pojišťovna, a.s. (UNIQA).

--- Page 296 ---
- 296 - 
UNIQA 
UNIQA commenced its operations in the Czech insurance market in 1993, originally under the name 
Česko-rakouská pojišťovna, a.s. The company changed its name to UNIQA pojišťovna, a.s. in 2001 as a part of 
the international strategy of the RBI Group to integrate its insurance business under the brand name UNIQA. 
UNIQA holds a universal insurance licence allowing it to carry out business in the area of both life and non-life 
insurance.  
A new collaborative effort between UNIQA and the Issuer at the end of 2023 is NAPLNO travel insurance, 
which in terms of coverage and services is one of the best offered on the Czech market for payment cards.  
In 2023, a total of 25,962 clients arranged OPORA accident insurance, which UNIQA has been offering since 
2021 in collaboration with the Issuer and almost 47,000 clients are currently using the product. In 2023, a total 
of 44,908 clients arranged the insurance product OSOBNÍ STRÁŽCE (Bodyguard), which has been available 
since 2020 and by the end of 2023, this coverage protected almost 75,000 clients of the Issuer.  
In 2023, the successful collaboration in the sale of individual insurance products also continued. At the Issuer 
branch offices, bankers concluded 2,776 life insurance policies with their clients. They offered risk and 
investment life products, and the total annual prescribed premiums reached CZK 313.4 million.  
In 2023, a new property insurance product DOMOV & BEZPEČÍ was successfully launched, and it is one of the 
top property products on the Czech market. A total of 8,827 new insurance policies were concluded in the Issuer 
network, and the total prescribed premiums for 2023 reached CZK 351.5 million. 
For entrepreneurs, the product portfolio includes business risk insurance offered with a business account. 
PERFEKT insurance from UNIQA covers the property and liability of entrepreneurs to a large extent, including 
extensive assistance services, unique on the Czech market for this segment of clients. Insurance premiums from 
the Perfekt product totalled CZK 24.1 million in 2023. 
The total prescribed premiums from the portfolio of all valid UNIQA insurance policies arranged by the Issuer 
bankers amounted to CZK 474.5 million in 2023 (CZK 824.4 million as of 31 December 2022). 
Business Overview 
The Issuer's business activities are divided into three primary operating segments, differentiated by the scope 
and nature of products and services they offer. These segments are: 
1. 
Corporate Banking; 
2. 
Retail Banking;  
3. 
Treasury and ALM; and  
4. 
Other.  
The majority of the Issuer's revenue is generated in the Czech Republic from transactions with clients who have 
their permanent residence or place of business in the Czech Republic or from trading with financial instruments 
issued by Czech entities. The revenue generated outside the Czech Republic is immaterial for the Issuer.  
The Raiffeisen Group's client base is well diversified. It has no client or group of related parties which would 
account for more than 10 per cent. of the Raiffeisen Group's total income for the year 2023. 
The Raiffeisen Group's management accounts are maintained on a margin basis. For this reason, the interest 
income and expenses and fee and commission expense of the Raiffeisen Group's individual operating segments 
are not reported separately, but on a net basis. 
The table below provides key financial data for the Raiffeisen Group's segments for the years 2023 and 2022:

--- Page 297 ---
- 297 - 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
Net interest income 
Profit before tax 
Profit after tax 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Corporate Banking ....................  
5,252 
4,436 
3,872 
3,911 
2,938 
3,147 
Retail Banking ..........................  
8,133 
8,274 
5,004 
5,405 
4,283 
4,401 
Treasury and ALM ...................  
1,096 
2,127 
457 
1,120 
354 
894 
Other .........................................  
928 
921 
513 
513 
(81) 
362 
Reconciliation 
to 
the 
consolidated 
statement 
of 
comprehensive income .............  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total .........................................  
15,409 
15,758 
9,846 
10,949 
7,494 
8,804 
1. Corporate Banking 
The Corporate Banking segment involves transactions with corporate clients, public sector institutions and 
financial institutions. It covers corporate clients with a particular focus on large financial and non-financial 
corporations, real estate developers and small and medium-sized entities (trading companies, manufacturing 
companies and service companies). The Issuer does not primarily target public sector entities. 
As of 31 December 2023, the total assets of the Raiffeisen Group's Corporate Banking amounted to CZK 156.7 
billion, a year-on-year increase of 19.1 per cent. compared to CZK 131.6 billion as of 31 December 2022. As of 
31 December 2023, the total liabilities of the Raiffeisen Group's Corporate Banking amounted to CZK 120.7 
billion, a year-on-year increase of 3.5 per cent. compared to CZK 116.6 billion as of 31 December 2022. The 
Issuer provides additional services to its corporate customers including working capital financing, a variety of 
domestic and international non-cash credit line facilities such as letters of credit and guarantees, cash 
management, investment banking and brokerage services, factoring, leasing and insurance services. In addition, 
in non-cash loans, the Issuer provides both domestic and foreign currency facilities to its customers, principally 
comprising guarantees in relation to imports and letters of credit in respect of trade financing activities. 
Project Finance 
The Issuer also offers its clients project financing and real estate financing where the main source of repayment 
is the future cash-flow from the relevant investment. This type of financing involves the preparation of a business 
plan (investment) that brings to the investor a real and predictable future income ensuring the requested return 
on investment.  
Particular focus is given to investments into real estate, energy and infrastructure. Loans are provided especially 
for the purpose of (i) investment acquisition; (ii) development; (iii) upgrade, reconstruction and revitalisation; or 
(iv) refinancing of liabilities related to the investment. Real estate financing is focused in particular on (i) 
commercial real estate; (ii) residential real estate; (iii) accommodation facilities such as hotels; and (iv) land with 
planning permission for new development. Aside from real estate, financing is also provided to (i) industrial and 
manufacturing units (such as production lines); (ii) energy plants (such as small hydroelectric or wind plants); 
and (iii) public infrastructure. 
Trade Finance & Factoring 
The Issuer's Trade Finance & Factoring Department is active in the following areas: (i) Traditional Trade Finance 
i.e. Bank Guarantees & Documentary Business; (ii) Export & Structured trad Finance and (iii) Factoring. The 
Issuer's clients within these product lines include importers and exporters in the large corporate and SME 
segments.  
The Issuer's export-focused clients benefit from the RBI Group's branch network in the Central and Eastern 
European region. The Issuer also sometimes co-operates with a Czech Export Credit Agency (EGAP) and 
international financial institution as the European Investment Bank, (EIB), the European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development (EBRD), the International Finance Corporation (IFC).

--- Page 298 ---
- 298 - 
2. Retail Banking 
The Issuer's Retail Banking segment generally includes all private individuals, including high net worth (VIP) 
clients, entrepreneurs as well as the Issuer's own employees. 
As of 31 December 2023, the total assets of the Raiffeisen Group's Retail Banking amounted to CZK 274.3 
billion, a year-on-year increase of 2.2 per cent. compared to CZK 268.3 billion as of 31 December 2022. As of 
31 December 2023, the total liabilities of the Raiffeisen Group's Retail Banking amounted to CZK 430.7 billion, 
a year-on-year increase of 7.1 per cent. compared to CZK 402.1 billion as of 31 December 2022. 
The Issuer believes that affluent clients and high net worth individuals currently constitute one of the fastest 
growing groups of banking clients in the market and will continue to do so in the future. The relatively 
underdeveloped private banking market in the Czech Republic has, according to the Issuer, significant potential 
and the Issuer believes that local private banking services in the Czech Republic currently administer only a 
fraction of all assets that fall within this segment, which is why there may be big potential to increase this share. 
The remainder of such assets is deposited either with Czech banks outside the private banking sector (i.e., 
ordinary deposit products offered by upper-mass and affluent banking competitors) or abroad. The Issuer 
therefore believes that the Czech retail market could grow considerably in the next years. 
Raiffeisen Premium Banking Concept 
The Issuer's branches opened since 2009 are based on the Raiffeisen "Premium Banking Concept", which is a 
service intended for clients with monthly incomes exceeding CZK 50,000. The Issuer expects to continue 
focusing on this segment in the future. Among other services, the Issuer provides an individual tailor-made 
financial advisory service, a range of premium credit cards with additional benefits and a priority service in both 
call centres and branches as part of the Raiffeisen Premium Banking Concept. 
Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen 
The Issuer offers a private banking service entitled "Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen" (FWR). The Issuer currently 
operates specialised branches in Prague, Brno, Pardubice, Olomouc and Ostrava for private banking clients under 
the FWR label. As part of the FWR service, the Issuer offers professional investment advice, regional product 
specialisation with the possibility of purchasing any global investment product, and an exclusive club under the 
Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen brand. 
Since September 2019, FWR clients can invest in the FWR Strategy. In 2023, the volume of funds managed by 
FWR increased by almost 11 per cent., and at the same time, the volume of invested money rose by more than 
23 per cent. year on year. The FWR Strategy involve client investing through qualified investor funds, which are 
now significantly increasing in popularity among private banking clients. Each strategy contains a different ratio 
of shares and bonds and the minimum initial investment in the fund is CZK 5 million, whereas each subsequent 
investment must be at least CZK 1 million. 
Credit Cards 
The Issuer offers its clients an attractive portfolio of new credit cards that match the needs of customers from 
different segments.  
The current portfolio of credit cards offered by the Issuer consists of six different card products, each designed 
for a different customer segment: (i) the EASY card for customers who are looking primarily for an additional 
source of money; (ii) the STYLE card that offers shopping benefits and premiums which correspond to the 
amount of spending; (iii) the RB PREMIUM card with a high level of care and customer service and support 
included along with the card; (iv) VISA GOLD designed for easier travel, including year-round travel insurance; 
(v) O2 cobrand card with benefits designed for customers of O2 mobile operator e.g. discounts for O2 services; 
and (vi) CSA cobrand card with benefits designed for customers of Czech Airlines incl. loyalty miles collection 
and free travel insurance.

--- Page 299 ---
- 299 - 
The Issuer's credit cards programmes include, among others, a range of benefits including rewards for card spend, 
proprietary country-wide merchant discount program – Premium RB Club or attractive insurance packages 
(including payment protection, travel, fraud, extended warranty, lowest price guarantee and others). The Issuer 
is a long-term market leader in instalment programs associated with Issuer's credit cards, allowing customer to 
repay selected transactions (payments as well as fund transfers from the credit card to customer’s current account) 
via monthly instalment plans with more favourable interest rates and tenors from 12 to 60 months. 
Mortgages 
From 1999 onwards, the Issuer has provided mortgage loans for private individuals. The overall volume of 
Raiffeisen Group's total mortgages amounts to CZK 171.5 billion as of 31 December 2023 and CZK 173.9 billion 
as of 31 December 2022. The Issuer's mortgage portfolio contains residential mortgages, interest only residential 
mortgages, home equity mortgages, single account mortgages and asset-backed mortgages. Several of the Issuer's 
products are unique or rare in the Czech mortgage market (such as its variable mortgages, offset mortgages and 
mortgages with both fixed and floating interest rates).  
As of December 2023, the Issuer is the 5th largest provider in the mortgage loan market in terms of market 
share.116 
Current Account 
In January 2020, the Issuer introduced new tariffs. First of all, “AKTIVNÍ účet” (in English, ACTIVE account) 
offers an all-inclusive account for one transparent fee: account management, including sub-accounts for up to 
ninetheen foreign currencies, two payment cards, a credit card, Internet banking, authorised overdraft, a savings 
account with favourable interest rate if current account is used actively, and smart phone banking. The second 
product launched in January 2020 was “CHYTRÝ účet” (in English, SMART account). It´s free of charge without 
any conditions. CHYTRÝ účet also offers withdrawals from all ATMs in the Czech Republic free of charge. 
That´s its main competitive advantage. The Issuer also offers “PRÉMIOVÝ účet” (in English, PREMIUM 
account) and “EXKLUZIVNÍ účet” (in English, EXCLUSIVE account) accounts for clients with higher income 
or deposits and investments in the bank. 
As a result of the Invasion of Ukraine, the Issuer decided to offer to Ukrainian war refugees that fled Ukraine 
and came into the Czech Republic “AKTIVNÍ účet” free of payment, as well as to contribute CZK 2,500 to any 
such opened account. 
3. Treasury 
The Issuer's Treasury Segment includes interbank transactions, asset – liability management and securities 
trading. The treasury segment provides all types of foreign exchange and interest rate hedging instruments to its 
clients as well as internally within the Issuer, in both Czech Koruna and other major currencies. 
4. Other 
Other ancillary activities carried on by the Issuer include equity investments and other non-interest bearing assets 
and liabilities of the Issuer that cannot be allocated to segments referred to above such as capital, subordinated 
deposits and capital investments. The Issuer also records operating income and expense that cannot be assigned 
to any specific segment. These include the creation of provision for other receivables and fraud losses. 
In addition to the products described above, the Issuer offers its retail customers a broad range of products and 
services, including general purpose loans, car loans, credit and debit cards, foreign exchange services, wireless 
payments via mobile phones, payment and collection services, deposit and overdraft accounts, securities trading, 
asset management products, ATMs, telephone banking, internet banking and mobile banking and life and non-
life insurance products. 
 
116 Source: Information from the Czech Ministry of Regional Development (in Czech, Ministerstvo pro místní rozvoj).

--- Page 300 ---
- 300 - 
Distribution Channels 
Branches and Retail Centres 
As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer has a branch network in the Czech Republic consisting of 119 branches (the 
Raiffeisen Group had 163 branches in total on a consolidated basis) and client centres in 14 regions of the Czech 
Republic including branches focused on the Raiffeisen Premium Banking Concept and 6 branches which cater 
for the Issuer's FWR concept. These branches provide customers with a wide range of services. All the Issuer's 
branches are retail-related with 24 corporate centres and 25 mortgage centres operated on branch premises. 
ATMs, Internet Banking and Phone Banking 
In addition to its branch network the Issuer uses direct distribution channels such as ATMs, internet banking and 
GSM services. As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer operated direct Internet Banking and GSM Banking services 
available to customers in all of its business segments and operated a total of 184 ATMs, of which 57 were located 
in Prague. As of 31 December 2023, 100 per cent. of the Issuer's ATMs had a contactless reader, thanks to which 
customers can withdraw money with their card or using their phone or watch with Apple Pay and RaiPay. 
Competition117 
The Issuer faces increasing competition in the banking and financial services market in the Czech Republic. Such 
competition has become more intense as a result of the opening of the financial services market following the 
Czech Republic's accession to the EU on 1 May 2004. The Issuer competes with other banks, financial services 
firms and a wide range of insurance companies in providing mutual fund, capital markets and advisory services 
and financial and insurance products. Many foreign-owned banks operating in the Czech market are expanding 
the range of services they offer. 
Currently, the Czech banking market is highly concentrated. Although there are only a few competitors 
comparable in size and scope of business to the Issuer, the Issuer may also face increased competition from less 
established banks and financial institutions or new entrants seeking to offer more attractive interest or deposit 
rates or other aggressively-priced products to penetrate the market. Recently, the Czech banking market has seen 
the emergence of several low-cost banks primarily focused on providing internet-based banking services.  
In 2023, the Issuer continued to face tight economic conditions, which also had a strong impact on the banking 
sector. High inflation, consistently high interest rates, and the uncertainty of future developments deterred 
households and companies from spending and investing. This led to a drop in demand for corporate and retail 
loans. The conversion of corporate loans denominated in CZK to EUR loans has been slowing down in proportion 
to the narrowing gap between Czech crown and euro interest rates. However, the share of EUR loans remains at 
historically high levels. Although the mortgage market gradually gained strength throughout the year, it remained 
well below pre-Covid levels. Consumer loans maintained stable demand. The propensity to save continued to 
strengthen, and deposits grew faster than in the previous year. In addition, the amount of “excess deposits”, i.e. 
deposits above the trend level of 2019, remained above the CZK 400 billion mark throughout the year, and there 
is still no sign that they will be drawn down over the long term.118  
Even in 2023, the Issuer maintained its attractive position as the fifth strongest bank with a 6.81 per cent. share 
of the total assets of the banking sector. It has a 7.99 per cent. market share in total deposits and manages 8.48 
per cent. of the total loan portfolio of the banking sector.119  
In terms of the time structure of deposits at the Issuer, time deposits dominated last year, reflecting the overall 
market trend. They increased at an exceptionally faster pace than demand deposits, which is why their share of 
the Issuer’s total deposits rose to 27 per cent. The Issuer currently manages 6.14 per cent. of all time deposits. 
Household deposits, which make up almost 60 per cent. of all the Issuer deposits, grew by more than 7 per cent. 
 
117 Figures in this section are on an individual basis. 
118 Source for the data in this paragraph: The Issuer’s 2023 Annual Report 
119 Source for the data in this paragraph: The Issuer’s 2023 Annual Report.

--- Page 301 ---
- 301 - 
last year, and the Issuer currently has a market share of 9.31 per cent. The Issuer’s corporate clients increased 
their deposits by 3.3 per cent., and this gave the Issuer a market share of 9.73 per cent. Business clients were 
forced to draw on their savings last year. The volume of their deposits decreased by 16 per cent., and this reduced 
the market share to 5.35 per cent.120  
Despite the above-mentioned drop in demand for new loans, corporate loans provided by the Issuer maintained 
a decent growth rate. The volume of these loans increased by more than 8 per cent., and the Issuer now has a 
market share of 9.34 per cent. In the household segment, the Issuer manages 8.34 per cent. of all loans in the 
banking sector. The best results were achieved by consumer loans with an increase of more than 9 per cent., 
bringing the Issuer’s market share to 16.31 per cent. For mortgages, on the contrary, the Issuer did not reach the 
market growth rate, and its market share decreased to 7.57 per cent. The unfavourable economic climate 
manifested itself most strongly in the self-employed client segment. The volume of loan fell by more than 9 per 
cent., reducing the Issuer’s market share to 5.46 per cent.121 
Issuer's principal competitors, both in the retail banking and SME segments as well as in the corporate banking, 
are Československá obchodní banka, a. s., Komerční banka, a.s., Česká spořitelna, a.s. and UniCredit Bank 
Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s.  
Recent Events Particular to the Issuer 
The Issuer fulfils all its debts duly and on time. The Issuer is aware of the following recent events specific to it 
that could be of significant importance in assessing the Issuer's solvency. 
Windfall tax 
With the effect for the years 2023 to 2025, a "windfall tax" as a subcategory of corporate income tax was 
introduced to the Czech tax system. It is payable on extraordinary profits of certain taxpayers at the rate of 60 per 
cent. in addition to the regular corporate income tax. The windfall tax is applicable to the Issuer and, although it 
did not have material effect on the financial results of the Issuer in 2023, it represents additional costs for the 
Issuer in the following years. For details see also the risk factor Changes and developments in laws or regulations 
in the Czech Republic and the EU, including legislation relating to the financial and banking sectors, may have 
a material adverse impact on the Issuer above. 
Cease of remuneration of minimum reserves 
On 7 September 2023, the CNB Bank Board decided to end the remuneration of minimum reserves with effect 
from 5 October 2023, the first day of the new reserve maintenance period. The CNB took this step to lower the 
cost of implementing monetary policy while preserving its effectiveness. The ECB adopted a similar decision in 
July 2023. Until then, the minimum reserves were remunerated by the two-week repo rate announced by the 
CNB, which was at 7 per cent. at that time. This step will likely be reflected by a lower net interest income of the 
Issuer in 2024. 
Acquisition of Equa Bank a.s. 
On 6 February 2021, RBI signed an agreement on the acquisition of 100 per cent. of the shares of (i) Equa bank 
a.s. (Equa bank) and (ii) Equa Sales and Distribution s.r.o. from Equa Group Limited, through the Issuer. The 
transaction was cleared by the Czech competition authority and closed at the end of the second quarter of 2021. 
The acquisition was part of RBI Group’s strategy to expand its presence in selected focus markets. The business 
models of Equa bank and of the Issuer were very complementary, which is why the transaction ultimately lead to 
strategic synergies as well as enhanced digital capabilities.  
Equa bank focused on consumer lending and served 519,000 customers as of 31 December 2021. As of 31 
December 2021, Equa bank had total assets of almost CZK 73.7 billion and achieved a profit of CZK 553 million 
(increase of 181 per cent. year on year), making it the most profitable year in Equa bank’s history.  
 
120 Source for the data in this paragraph: The Issuer’s 2023 Annual Report. 
121 Source for the data in this paragraph: The Issuer’s 2023 Annual Report.

--- Page 302 ---
- 302 - 
As of 1 January 2022, Equa bank fully merged with the Issuer and ceased to exist as an individual company, 
whereas all products offered under the Equa bank brand are now distributed by the Issuer, thereby allowing 
realization of the identified synergies. 
Acquisition of Akcenta CZ a.s. 
On 15 February 2021, RBI entered into an agreement to purchase Akcenta CZ a.s., a payment institution that 
executes payment and currency trade operations for exporters and importers. According to the current ownership 
structure, RBI acquired a 70 per cent. stake in Akcenta and the remaining 30 per cent. is owned by the Issuer.. 
The transaction became effective on 1 June 2021. 
Referral Agreement with ING Bank N.V. 
On 16 February 2021, the Issuer signed a referral agreement with ING Bank N.V. (ING) on the re-contracting of 
ING’s Czech retail customers which give the current ING retail clients the opportunity to become the Issuer’s 
customers and transfer their savings and investment assets to the Issuer. 
The transaction was subject to approval of the Czech competition authority which was granted on 5 March 2021. 
Share capital increase 
On 27 April 2021 the Issuer´s share capital increased from CZK 11,060,800,000 composed of 1,106,080 ordinary 
shares to CZK 15,460,800,000122 composed of 1,546,080 ordinary shares. The purpose of share capital increase 
is capital strengthening of the Issuer allowing its further development. 
Credit Rating 
On 21 March 2023, Moody’s Investors Service granted the Issuer following credit ratings: 
• 
Long-term Rating – A3 
• 
Short-term Rating - P-2 
• 
Outlook: Stable 
Moody's appends long-term obligation ratings at the following levels: Aaa, Aa, A, Baa, Ba, B, Caa, Ca and C. 
To each generic rating category from Aa to Caa Moody's assigns the numerical modifiers "1", "2" and "3". The 
modifier "1" indicates that the bank is in the higher end of its letter-rating category, the modifier "2" indicates a 
mid-range ranking and the modifier "3" indicates that the bank is in the lower end of its letter-rating category. 
Moody's also has the option of adding further guidance (referred to as "under review") as to whether a rating is 
likely to be upgraded (possible upgrade), downgraded (possible downgrade) or uncertain (direction uncertain). 
Outlooks are assigned indicating the direction of any pressure. Characteristics are positive, negative, stable and 
developing. Moody's short-term ratings are opinions of the ability of issuers to honour short-term financial 
obligations and range from P-1, P-2, P-3 down to NP (Not Prime). 
Material Changes in the Issuer´s Borrowing and Financing Structure 
Since the last financial year, there has been no material changes in the Issuer´s borrowing and financing structure. 
Issuer is not dependent on the external financing as the customer´s deposits and its equity exceed client´s loans. 
Description of the Expected Financing of the Issuer’s activities 
The strategy of the Issuer for the upcoming years remains unchanged. The emphasis will be put on the deposits 
of the retail and commercial clients. The goal is to be self-financing bank using these sources of financing 
together with the equity of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the Issuer has a bond programme enabling issuance of covered bonds established in 2020. This 
programme serves as a source of foreign currency and the Issuer issues bonds thereunder from time to time. 
 
122 The Issuer’s share capital is presented as of 31 December 2023.

--- Page 303 ---
- 303 - 
The Issuer expects that it will, during the upcoming year, issue bonds under this Programme to satisfy the MREL 
regulatory requirement. 
Corporate Structure 
Raiffeisen Group conducts its operations in the Czech Republic through various principal subsidiaries. The 
Issuer's relationship to and shareholdings in its subsidiaries as of the date of this Base Prospectus are shown in 
the following diagram:  
100%
100%
100%
30%
30%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
10%
90%
100%
100%
100%
100%
77%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
10%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
33%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
Médea Property, s.r.o.
RDI Management, 
s.r.o.
Kybelé Property, s.r.o.
Melite Property, s.r.o.
Mneme Property, s.r.o.
Karpó Property, s.r.o.
Lité Property, s.r.o.
Akcenta Logistic a.s. v 
likvidaci
AKCENTA DE 
GmbH
Akcenta CZ a.s.
Akcenta Digital 
s.r.o
Nerudova 
Property s.r.o.
RDI Czech 5, s.r.o.
RDI Czech 1, s.r.o.
RDI Czech 3, s.r.o.
Orchideus Property, s. 
r. o.
Viktor Property, s.r.o.
Hestia Property, s.r.o.
Appolon Property, 
s.r.o.
RLRE Carina Property, 
s.r.o.
Sky Solar Distribuce 
s.r.o.
RESIDENCE PARK 
TŘEBEŠ, s.r.o.
RDI Czech 4, s.r.o.
RDI Czech 6, s.r.o.
Létó Property, s.r.o.
Raiffeisenbank a.s.
Raiffeisen - Leasing, 
s.r.o.
Raiffeisen investiční 
společnost a.s.
Raiffeisen FinCorp, 
s.r.o.
Luna Property, s.r.o.
Raiffeisen Direct 
Investments CZ s.r.o.
Raiffeisen stavební 
spořitelna a.s.
RLRE Ypsilon Property, 
s.r.o.
Sao Property s.r.o.
Antiopa Property, 
s.r.o.
Nefelé Property, s.r.o.
Thallos Property, s.r.o.
Dota Property, s.r.o.
Epifron Property, s.r.o.
Erginos Property, s.r.o.
Neso Property s.r.o.
Panope Property, s.r.o.
Charis Property, s.r.o.
Raiffeisen Broker, s.r.o.
Kalypso Property, 
s.r.o.
Fortunella Property, 
s.r.o.
Doris Property, s.r.o.
Galene Property, s.r.o.
Fallopia Property, 
s.r.o.
Ananké Property, s.r.o.
Agave Property, s.r.o.
Abelin Property, s.r.o.
Bytové družstvo 
Žerotínova 58

--- Page 304 ---
- 304 - 
Some of the subsidiaries shown in the diagram above are not consolidated in the Issuer's financial statements 
due to their immateriality. For an overview of companies that are consolidated in the Issuer's financial statements 
as of 31 December 2023, see Description of the Issuer – Raiffeisen Group above. 
Raiffeisen investiční společnost a.s. 
RIS commenced its operations in mid-2013 upon listing its first two funds on the capital market. By 31 December 
2023, RIS managed funds with a total value of more than CZK 44 billion (CZK 37 billion as of 31 December 
2022). 
RIS funds include a full range of investment opportunities for all types of investors depending on their risk 
profile. The most popular funds are Strategie fund for the three most common types of clients and Raiffeisen 
Sustainable Development Fund, to which unit holders invested more than half of the total volume. 
Raiffeisen-Leasing, s.r.o. 
Raiffeisen-Leasing was founded in 1994 and as part of the Raiffeisen Group, it specialises in providing leasing 
services to both corporate entities and private individuals. 
Raiffeisen-Leasing has been operating on the Czech market for 30 years, and from the very beginning, it has 
maintained a stable role as a reliable and responsible financial partner.  
The total volume of new investments financed by Raiffeisen-Leasing rose to CZK 13.2 billion in 2023 (CZK 
12.6 billion in 2022). In absolute numbers, this is the highest volume of financing since the establishment of 
Raiffeisen-Leasing and a year-on-year increase of 5 per cent. The total book value of the Raiffeisen - Leasing's 
assets as of 31 December 2023 amounted to CZK 35.3 billion (CZK 28.5 billion in 2022). Raiffeisen - Leasing's 
profit after tax in 2023 totalled CZK 666.8 million (CZK 469.3 million in 2022).  
Raiffeisen-Leasing offers companies and individuals a unique range of financing for their investment needs. 
Raiffeisen-Leasing finances automobiles, heavier transport vehicles, machinery, equipment, and technology. It 
also often provides financing to corporate clientele for specific assets, such as aircraft and locomotives. 
Raiffeisen-Leasing has unique knowledge relating to the non-bank financing of real estate, thanks to which it 
has contributed to the construction and renovation of hotels, business centres, residential quarters, and similar 
projects. In 2019, Raiffeisen-Leasing added consultation relating to subsidies to its portfolio of services, which 
is popular and highly valued by its clients. 
In 2023, the portfolio of fleet cars financed for clients through operational leasing with services grew 
significantly. Raiffeisen-Leasing further strengthened its cross-selling activities in cooperation with 
Raiffeisenbank and continued with activities leading to automation and digitalisation. The financing of ESG 
projects, which contributes to responsible and sustainable business, played an important role. A priority for 
Raiffeisen-Leasing is the development of services and products that lead to the satisfaction of clients and business 
partners, and this will continue to be the case in 2024. 
Raiffeisen stavební spořitelna a.s. 
RSTS has operated in the Czech market since September 1993, originally under the name AR Stavební spořitelna 
a.s. RSTS was integrated into the Raiffeisen Group in 1998 when Raiffeisen Bausparkasse GmbH increased its 
stake in RSTS to 75 per cent., and the remaining 25 per cent. stake in RSTS was acquired by the Issuer. In 2005, 
Raiffeisen Bausparkasse GmbH transferred its share to its company, Raiffeisen Bausparkassen Holding GmbH, 
which became the integrating link between the savings banks of the RBI Group in various countries. As of 27 
August 2008, following the merger of RSTS with the former HYPO stavební spořitelna a.s., the share of the 
Issuer in RSTS decreased to 10 per cent. The remaining 90 per cent. was owned by Raiffeisen Bausparkassen 
Holding GmbH. In December 2020, the Issuer completed the acquisition of 90 per cent. stake in RSTS from 
Raiffeisen Bausparkasse GmbH. Therefore, as of December 2020, RSTS was fully owned by the Issuer.

--- Page 305 ---
- 305 - 
Similar to 2022, the performance of RSTS was also affected in 2023 by significant external and internal 
influences. Once again, this involved inflation, with an average rate in the Czech Republic of 10.7 per cent. 
Throughout 2023, the CNB maintained a restrictive monetary policy with the aim of suppressing inflation, but 
of course also with a negative impact on demand for real estate financing. One of the most significant factors 
affecting building societies was the government’s legislative package aimed at consolidating the state budget. 
Part of this legislative package was, among other things, an amendment to Act No. 96/1993 Coll., on building 
savings and state support for building savings, which introduced a reduction of the state support for building 
savings deposits to 5 per cent. of the saved amount from the original 10 per cent., with effect from 1 January 
2024. However, the new system only resulted into insignificant outflow of client deposits from RSTS and no 
systemic threat either to the Issuer, the Raiffeisen Group or the banking sector was detected. 
In 2023, RSTS concluded about 87,000 building savings contracts and overall, the number of new construction 
savings contracts on the market decreased by 16 per cent. The number of building society clients as of 31 
December 2023 reached almost 3.2 million. The RSTS’ net profit amounted to CZK 827 million in 2023, which 
is 76.8 per cent. more than in 2022. 
RSTS provided new loans to clients in a total volume of CZK 7.1 billion in 2023, which is a year-on-year 
decrease of 42 per cent. 
Principal Markets 
The Issuer operates primarily in the Czech market and is present in all regions of the Czech Republic. It is a 
universal bank and offers services to both foreign and domestic retail clients, small and medium enterprises, 
large corporate customers, institutional clients and high net worth individuals, in both Czech Koruna and foreign 
currencies. 
Information and Communication Technology 
ICT systems used by the Issuer are crucial to its businesses operations (and the expansion thereof), operating 
efficiency, risk management and control systems. The Issuer's ICT Services provides both IT development and 
IT operation functions based on the continuous improvement and process management. The provision of 
centrally managed ICT services is driven by the objective of creating reliable and secure systems, while ensuring 
cost efficiency and sharing synergies.  
The Issuer owns a number of production data centres. For IT applications crucial to its business, the Issuer 
maintains disaster recovery systems. In accordance with international standards, the Issuer has adopted various 
instruments and measures to secure the business continuity of its operations. These measures are implemented 
in accordance with the internal business continuity management (BCM) rules of the Issuer, which establish 
principles to prevent and manage the risk of disruption to company operations.  
Based on the BCM standards, the Issuer evaluates such risk and formulates business continuity plans (BCPs) 
and disaster recovery plans (DRPs). BCPs and DRPs are regularly tested at back-up workplaces. The data centres 
were established to ensure the system and disk settings are efficiently updated and the elements of the network 
used for the same are in accordance with international standards. These data centres are equipped with backup 
generators and other security elements.

--- Page 306 ---
- 306 - 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
The Raiffeisen Group takes on exposure to market risks arising from open positions of transactions with interest 
rate, equity and currency instruments which are sensitive to the changes of conditions on financial markets. 
Types of Risks Managed  
The Raiffeisen Group is exposed to the following types of risk: 
• 
market risk; 
• 
liquidity risk; 
• 
foreign currency risk; 
• 
interest rate risk; 
• 
equity risk; 
• 
operational risk; and  
• 
credit risk. 
The Raiffeisen Group has identified seven main types of risk to which it is exposed and which it has chosen to 
actively manage. The Raiffeisen Group manages risks associated with its trading activities on the level of 
individual risks and types of financial instruments. The key risk management tools are limits for individual 
transaction volumes and individual position volumes, stop loss limits and VaR limits. 
The Raiffeisen Group performs regular stress testing of the interest rate risk inherent in the banking and trading 
portfolios, the foreign currency risk, option risk, market spread risk and the liquidity risk. 
Market Risk 
The Raiffeisen Group facilitates market risk management by using a set of limits for individual positions and 
portfolios. The set of limits consist of limits determined by the CNB, the regulator, which are complemented by 
the limits set by the parent bank, RBI, in a standardised way for the whole CEE region. In some cases, the set of 
limits is complemented by other internal limits and methods that reflect the specifications of local markets that 
the Raiffeisen Group is exposed to. 
The Raiffeisen Group monitors both aggregate and individual market risks using the VaR method. VaR 
represents the potential loss arising from an adverse movement on the market within a certain time period with 
a certain confidence level. Since the beginning of 2021, VaR for the Raiffeisen Group and the banking book has 
been measured based on a twenty-day holding period with a 99 per cent. confidence level. A one-day holding 
period is retained for the trading book (including currency positions). The calculation reflects mutual correlations 
of individual risk factors (currency rates, interest rates, market spreads and equity market prices). 
The below table shows the total market risk of the Raiffeisen Group ascertained through the VaR method as of 
and average for the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
Average in 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
Average in 2022 
 
(in CZK million) 
Total market risk VaR 
2,018 
1,717 
1,496 
1,047 
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk includes both the risk of the Raiffeisen Group's inability to raise funds to cover the Raiffeisen 
Group's assets using instruments with appropriate maturity and the risk of the Raiffeisen Group's inability to sell 
assets at a reasonable price within a reasonable time frame. 
The following table shows the remaining maturity of contractual cash flows arising from financial liabilities of 
the Raiffeisen Group in millions of Czech Koruna as of 31 December 2023:

--- Page 307 ---
- 307 - 
As of 31 December 2023 
 
Net book 
value 
Total 
Contractual 
Liability 
0 – 1 months 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
Over 5 years 
 
 
(in CZK million) 
Financial liabilities held for 
trading – Derivatives held for 
trading .....................................  
4,678 
4,845 
258  
491  
1,526  
2,228  
342  
Deposits from banks ...............  
23,719 
24,779 
6,672  
25 
8,878 
9,204 
- 
Deposits from customers .........  
593,995 
594,212 
497,236 
45,681 
22,992 
24,538 
3,765 
Debt securities issued ..............  
36,312 
40,922 
893 
4,253 
539 
35,237 
- 
Subordinated liabilities and 
bonds .......................................  
5,232 
7,302 
- 
34 
349 
4,270 
2,649 
Other financial liabilities .........  
6,924 
7,001 
6,027 
57 
263 
578 
76 
Negative fair value of hedging 
derivatives ...............................  
12,725 
13,833 
302 
828 
2,289 
8,450 
1,964 
Off-balance sheet items(1) ........  
150,676 
150,676 
150,676 
-  
 - 
 - 
-  
Total .......................................  
834,261 
843,570 
662,064 
51,369 
36,836 
84,505 
8,796 
Note: 
(1)  
Off-balance sheet items include all irrevocable credit commitments provided to the Raiffeisen Group's customers, guarantee 
commitments, and guarantees and letters of credit provided to customers. 
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report 
The following table shows the remaining maturity of contractual cash flows arising from financial liabilities of 
the Raiffeisen Group in thousands of Czech Koruna as of 31 December 2022:  
As of 31 December 2022  
 
Net book 
value 
Total 
Contractual 
Liability 
0 – 1 months 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
Over 5 years 
 
 
(in CZK million) 
Financial liabilities held for 
trading - Derivatives held for 
trading .....................................  
7,968 
7,968 
862 
1,170 
954 
2,647 
2,335 
Deposits from banks ...............  
10,669 
10,895 
2,914 
- 
5,460 
2,521 
- 
Deposits from customers .........  
550,061 
550,890 
457,299 
39,922 
26,892 
21,889 
4,888 
Debt securities issued ..............  
24,553 
27,774 
- 
3,181 
500 
15,567 
8,526 
Subordinated liabilities and 
bonds .......................................  
5,162 
7,090 
- 
14 
265 
1,166 
5,645 
Other financial liabilities .........  
6,144 
6,240 
5,086 
59 
263 
695 
137 
Negative fair value of hedging 
derivatives ...............................  
17,658 
17,658 
934 
698 
58 
7,229 
8,739 
Off-balance sheet items(1) ........  
154,915 
154,915 
154,915 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total .......................................  
777,130 
783,430 
622,010 
45,044 
34,392 
51,714 
30,270 
Note: 
(1)  
Off-balance sheet items include all irrevocable credit commitments provided to the Raiffeisen Group's customers, guarantee 
commitments, and guarantees and letters of credit provided to customers.  
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report 
The Raiffeisen Group has access to diversified sources of funding, which comprise deposits and other savings, 
issued securities, loans accepted including subordinated loans and the of the Raiffeisen Group's equity. This 
diversification makes the Raiffeisen Group flexible and reduces its dependency on one source of funding. The 
Raiffeisen Group regularly evaluates its liquidity exposure, in particular by monitoring the changes in the 
structure of financing and comparing these changes with the Raiffeisen Group's liquidity risk management 
strategy, which is approved by the Issuer's Board of Directors. As part of its liquidity risk management strategy,

--- Page 308 ---
- 308 - 
the Raiffeisen Group also holds a portion of its assets in highly liquid instruments, such as government treasury 
bills and similar bonds and repurchase transactions with the CNB. 
The Raiffeisen Group uses internal statistical models for diversification of the maturity of client deposits. These 
models are reassessed on a regular basis. 
Foreign Currency Risk 
The foreign currency risk is the risk arising from currency markets. The source of this risk is the Raiffeisen 
Group's foreign currency position which arises from the mismatch of the Raiffeisen Group's assets and liabilities, 
including the currency-sensitive off-balance sheet items. The majority of foreign currency gains or losses is due 
to changes in foreign currency rates in currency positions of the Raiffeisen Group denominated in EUR and 
USD. 
Foreign currency risk is managed by setting trading limits. The Raiffeisen Group uses a set of limits established 
by reference to the standards of the RBI Group. The limits are set for individual currencies and for the overall 
currency position. Internal currency position limits fully respect the limits set by the local regulatory body. These 
techniques are complemented by monitoring currency risks using VaR. 
The below table shows the foreign currency risk ascertained through the VaR method as of and average for the 
year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
Average in 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
Average in 2022 
 
(in CZK million) 
Foreign 
currency 
position VaR 
1 
1 
1 
1 
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report 
Interest Rate Risk 
The Raiffeisen Group is exposed to interest rate risk since the interest-bearing assets and liabilities have different 
maturity dates, periods of interest rate changes/adjustments and volumes during these periods. In the case of 
variable interest rates, the Raiffeisen Group is exposed to a basis risk arising from the difference in the 
mechanism of adjusting individual types of interest rates, such as PRIBOR, announced interest on deposits, etc. 
The interest rate risk of the Raiffeisen Group is primarily impacted by the development in interbank interest 
rates, including the negative rates. The Raiffeisen Group's interest rate risk management activities are aimed at 
optimising the Raiffeisen Group's net interest income in accordance with its strategy approved by the Board of 
Directors. In managing the interest rate risk, the Raiffeisen Group uses (as in the case of liquidity management) 
statistical models for distribution of those items where it is unable to determine the exact moment of repricing 
of interest rates or contractual maturity (for example on current accounts). 
The Raiffeisen Group mostly uses interest rate derivatives to manage the mismatch between the rate-sensitivity 
of assets and liabilities. These derivative transactions are concluded in accordance with the asset and liability 
management strategy as approved by the Issuer's Board of Directors. 
Part of the Raiffeisen Group's income is generated through a targeted mismatch between rate-sensitive assets 
and rate-sensitive liabilities. In managing the interest rate risk, the carrying amounts of these assets and liabilities 
and the nominal (notional) values of interest rate derivatives are recorded either in the year in which they are due 
or in which the interest rate resets, whichever occurs first. Due to the anticipated preliminary repayment or 
undefined maturity dates, certain assets or liabilities are allocated to individual periods based on an expert 
estimate. 
The Raiffeisen Group manages the interest rate risk of the banking book and the trading book separately, at the 
level of individual currencies. The interest rate position is monitored based on the sensitivity of the position to 
the shift in the interest rate curve (BPV). The BPV (basis point value) method involves determining the change 
in the present value (both in total and individual time periods) of the portfolio when interest rates shift by one 
basis point (0.01 per cent.). This method is complemented by monitoring interest rate risks using the VaR 
method.

--- Page 309 ---
- 309 - 
The below table shows the interest rate risk ascertained through the VaR method as of and average for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 (the year-on-year change in the indicator can be attributed to both the 
modified methodology (20-day holding period) and the increased strategic interest rate position established to 
stabilise the net interest income): 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
Average in 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
Average in 2022 
 
(in CZK million) 
Total interest rate risk VaR 
1,665 
1,623 
1,515 
1,064 
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report 
Equity Risk 
Equity risk is the risk of fluctuations of prices of (i) equity instruments held in the Raiffeisen Group's portfolio; 
and (ii) financial derivatives related to these instruments. This risk predominantly arises from trading with equity 
instruments. As the Raiffeisen Group does not trade shares on its own account, it is exposed to indirect equity 
risk arising from the shares held by the Raiffeisen Group as collateral for customer loans.  
Equity risk is managed by trading position limits. Market risks arising from the Raiffeisen Group's equity trading 
activities are managed using the limits of maximum open positions in equity instruments together with the VaR 
method. At the end of 2013, the Raiffeisen Group suspended trading with equity instruments. Therefore, the 
limits are set to zero. 
Market Spread Risk 
To determine the risk of change in market spreads for forward exchange contracts (in the trading portfolio) and 
for its own positions in debt instruments (state and corporate), the Raiffeisen Group also uses the VaR method. 
The below table shows the market spread risk ascertained through the VaR method as of and average for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
Average in 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
Average in 2022 
 
(in CZK million) 
Total market spread VaR 
1,750 
1,220 
829 
809 
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss arising from the inappropriateness or failure of internal processes, 
human errors or failures of systems or the risk of loss arising from external events. 
In respect of the operational risk, the Raiffeisen Group applies the standardised approach to calculating capital 
adequacy. In the future, it intends to implement the advanced (AMA) approach. The Raiffeisen Group has 
completed the phase of preparation so that the advanced approach could be applied. The Raiffeisen Group is 
planning to file the application for the regulator's approval of this approach in coordination with the parent 
company RBI.  
The basic principle is the responsibility of each employee for the identification and escalation of the operational 
risk and for timely and accurate reporting of incidents. The Raiffeisen Group has a central operational risk 
management function in place, which is responsible for the setting of the methodology, measurements or analyses 
and which provides methodical support to managers. 
Operational risk management primarily draws upon the following: 
(a) 
event data collection; 
(b) 
general ledger analysis; 
(c) 
risk assessment;

--- Page 310 ---
- 310 - 
(d) 
scenario analysis; 
(e) 
early warning indicators; and  
(f) 
mitigation plans. 
The objective of collecting data on the losses arising from operational risk events is not only to accumulate 
information but predominantly to analyse them. More serious cases are presented to and discussed by the 
Operational Risk Management Committee. Through the Operational Risk Management Committee, the 
Raiffeisen Group also presents, discusses and approves measures aimed at minimising or fully eliminating further 
occurrence of similar events. Specific responsibilities are determined for the implementation of proposed 
changes and their fulfilment is reviewed by the Operational Risk Management Committee. Other cases are dealt 
with by the relevant departments.  
The general ledger analysis provides reconciliation between the reported loss and its recognition in the books.  
The risk assessment is used to raise awareness of operational risks, clarify individual processes and mitigate the 
operational risks identified. The risk assessment determines the risk of individual processes, organisational units 
or activities. The risk level is a relevant value for taking measures within qualitative risk management.  
The scenario analysis is a process used by the Raiffeisen Group to consider the impact of extreme but probable 
events on its activities, assess the probability of occurrence and estimate significance of the impact on a scale of 
possible results. The scenario analysis aims at: (i) providing a potential method to record a specific event that 
occurred in a specific organisation; and (ii) increasing awareness and educating management by providing insight 
into various types of risks and managing the plan of remedies and investments.  
Early warning indicators are used for the ongoing monitoring and reporting of the risk exposure to operational 
risk. They provide early warning to take possible steps or make changes in the risk profile, which may initiate 
management measures. The monitored early warning indicators include for example the number of dismissed 
employees, the supplier's financial dependence on the Raiffeisen Group, deposit outflows in the retail portfolio, 
complex projects or major projects exceeding two years.  
The Raiffeisen Group defines and reviews the Risk Appetite on a regular basis. In using the above-specified 
instruments, the Raiffeisen Group compares the identified risks with the appetite and prepares mitigation plans 
for the risks that exceed the appetite. 
All instruments are used in a regular annual cycle. 
Credit Risk 
The Raiffeisen Group takes on exposure to credit risks resulting from its trading activities, provision of loans, 
hedging transactions, investment activities and agency services. 
Generally, the Raiffeisen Group requires collateral for loans granted to certain debtors prior to the issuance of 
the loan. To determine the realisable value of collateral of immovable and movable assets, the Raiffeisen Group 
refers to estimates of usual prices revised by a specialised department of the Raiffeisen Group or internal 
assessments prepared by this department of the Raiffeisen Group. In other types of hedging instruments, their 
value including the recalculated value is determined in line with the internal standards of the Raiffeisen Group. 
The realisable value of collateral is subsequently determined by discounting the appraised value using a 
correction coefficient which reflects the Raiffeisen Group's ability to realise the collateral as and when required. 
The Raiffeisen Group regularly reviews and updates collateral values depending on the type and quality of the 
collateral, usually no later than on an annual basis. 
The principal credit risk management methods in Retail division include in particular rating based on the 
application and behavioural scoring. The risks are managed on a portfolio level through the portfolio 
management approach, through the management of the approval process based on the regular monitoring of the 
portfolio quality development, and prediction of potential future loss development. 
The credit risk in the Non-retail division is measured through rating scales and each rating category is allocated 
a certain risk rate (default probability and a coefficient for determining risk weighted assets). The risk measured 
using this method can be mitigated through collateral according to effective regulations of the CNB.

--- Page 311 ---
- 311 - 
The Raiffeisen Group maintains a system of internal limits for individual countries, sectors and clients (or groups 
of economically connected clients) in order to be able to manage risks connected with significant concentration 
of credit risk.  
The Raiffeisen Group has special functions in place which are responsible for the recovery and administration 
of distressed receivables. These functions undertake legal steps, perform the restructuring of receivables, 
communicate with problematic clients, etc. in order to achieve maximum recovery, including collateral recovery, 
and representing the Raiffeisen Group in creditors' committees under insolvency proceedings. 
The measurement of expected credit losses reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is 
determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes, the time value of the money and reasonable and 
supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting date about past events, 
current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. 
The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for financial assets measured at amortized cost and fair 
value through other comprehensive income is an area that requires the use of complex models and significant 
assumptions about future economic conditions and payment behaviour. 
In situations where the existing input parameters, assumptions and modelling do not cover all relevant risks, 
post-model adjustments and additional risk factors are the most important types of management overlays. These 
are used in circumstances where existing inputs, assumptions and model techniques do not capture all relevant 
risk factors. Existing inputs, assumptions and model techniques might not capture all relevant risk factors due to 
transient circumstances, insufficient time to appropriately incorporate relevant new information into the rating 
or re-segmentation of portfolios, and situations when individual lending exposures within a group of lending 
exposures react to factors or events differently than initially expected. 
The estimation of the credit risk for risk management purposes is complex and requires the use of models, as the 
risk varies with changes in market conditions, expected cash flows and the passage of time. The assessment of 
the credit risk of a portfolio of assets entails further estimations as to the likelihood of defaults occurring, the 
associated default ratios and the default correlations between counterparties. The Raiffeisen Group measures 
credit risks using the probability of default (PD), exposure at default (EAD) and loss given default (LGD). This 
is the predominant approach used for the purposes of measuring expected credit losses under IFRS 9. IFRS 9 
prescribes a three-stage model for impairment based on changes in credit quality from the point of initial 
recognition. Under this model, a financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition is classified 
in Stage 1 and has its credit risk continuously monitored. If a significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition is identified, the financial instrument is moved to Stage 2 but is not yet deemed to be credit-impaired. 
If the financial instrument is deemed credit-impaired, it is then moved to Stage 3. Purchased or originated credit-
impaired financial assets (POCI) include expected cash flows used in calculating the credit-adjusted effective 
interest rate upon the initial recognition of the expected credit loss over the entire lifetime of the asset. 
The following table shows the loans and advances to customers and finance lease receivables by default 
categories as of 31 December 2023:  
As of 31 December 2023 
 
Before due 
date 
Less than 1 
month 
1 to 3 
months 
3 to 6 
months 
6 months 
to 1 year 
Over 1 
year 
Total 
 
 
(in CZK million) 
Loans and advances to customers and finance lease receivables 
Stage 1 ....................................  
323,117 
3,348 
34 
15 
6 
2 
326,522 
Stage 2 ....................................  
106,113 
3,570 
711 
115 
4 
3 
110,516 
Stage 3 ....................................  
1,805 
227 
299 
859 
732 
1,861 
5,783 
POCI .......................................  
432 
45 
32 
29 
21 
99 
658 
Gross ......................................  
431,467 
7,190 
1,076 
1,018 
763 
1,965 
443,479 
Loss allowances ......................  
(2,824) 
(329) 
(229) 
(503) 
(392) 
(1,437) 
(5,714) 
Total .......................................  
428,643 
6,861 
847 
515 
371 
528 
437,765 
The following table shows the loans and advances to customers and finance lease receivables by default 
categories as of 31 December 2022:

--- Page 312 ---
- 312 - 
As of 31 December 2022 
 
Before due 
date 
Less than 1 
month 
1 to 3 
months 
3 to 6 
months 
6 months 
to 1 year 
Over 1 
year 
Total 
 
 
(in CZK million) 
Loans and advances to customers and finance lease receivables 
Stage 1 ....................................  
313,050 
2,787 
41 
1 
3 
3 
315,885 
Stage 2 ....................................  
102,533 
1,382 
381 
94 
4 
2 
104,396 
Stage 3 ....................................  
2,214 
327 
485 
315 
426 
1,454 
5,221 
POCI .......................................  
398 
65 
27 
12 
66 
106 
674 
Gross ......................................  
418,195 
4,561 
934 
422 
499 
1,565 
426,176 
Loss allowances ......................  
(3,101) 
(315) 
(177) 
(207) 
(291) 
(1,252) 
(5,343) 
Total .......................................  
415,094 
4,246 
757 
215 
208 
313 
420,833 
The proportion of loans and advances with default increased year-on-year from 1.4 per cent. of the total loan 
portfolio as of 31 December 2022 to 1.45 per cent of the total loan portfolio as of 31 December 2023. The 
coverage by individual loss allowances for loans with default increased to 41.6 per cent. as of 31 December 2023 
from 40.4 per cent. as of 31 December 2022.

--- Page 313 ---
- 313 - 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
The Issuer is a Czech joint-stock company established and operating under Czech law. The Issuer, its 
management and the Issuer's corporate setup are governed in accordance with the Articles of Association of the 
Issuer which can only be amended by a two thirds majority vote of all shareholders present at the General 
Meeting of the Issuer. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the conclusive version of the Articles of Association 
of the Issuer is the wording as of 21 September 2021, as filed in the Issuer's collection of deeds in the Czech 
Commercial Register which is publicly accessible at www.justice.cz. The business address of each of the 
directors (as well as the members of the Supervisory Board and the Audit Committees) is the Issuer's registered 
office at Hvězdova 1716/2b, 140 78 Prague 4, Czech Republic. 
Management Structure and Committees 
The Issuer has a two-tier board system consisting of a Board of Directors and a Supervisory Board. The General 
Meeting of shareholders is the supreme body of the Issuer, which takes the most significant decisions regarding 
the Issuer, such as increases and decreases of share capital, appointments to the Issuer's Supervisory Board or 
approval of its financial statements. The Board of Directors represents the Issuer in all matters and is charged 
with its management, while the Supervisory Board is an independent body responsible for the supervision of the 
Issuer's activities and of the Board of Directors in its management of the Issuer. Under the Czech Corporations 
Act, the Supervisory Board may not make management decisions. However, its prior approval is required by law 
or the Articles of Association for certain matters. 
The Issuer also established the Audit Committee, which is an independent governing body of the Issuer elected 
by and reporting to the General Meeting of shareholders. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer manages the activities of the Issuer, acts on behalf of the Issuer and makes 
decisions in all matters of the Issuer unless such decisions are reserved for the General Meeting or the 
Supervisory Board. The Board of Directors of the Issuer is responsible for the business management of the Issuer 
including, but not limited to, proper bookkeeping and accounting. The operation of the Board of Directors and 
the conduct of its meetings are further regulated in the Bylaws of the Board of Directors. 
Pursuant to its Articles of Association, the Board of Directors of the Issuer consists of eight members, who are 
appointed and recalled by the Supervisory Board. The members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer are 
appointed for a term of three years. There are no limits on reappointment and members are reappointed for a 
term of five years. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors has all eight members. 
The composition of the Board of Directors of the Issuer, and the respective positions of the individual Directors, 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is set out below:  
 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Position 
Commencement 
of Membership in 
Board of 
Directors 
Commencement 
of Current Term 
of Office 
Date of 
Expiration of 
Current Term of 
Office 
Igor Vida 
1967 
Chairman 
1 April 2015 
1 April 2023 
1 April 2028 
František Ježek 
1972 
Member 
1 October 2012 
1 October 2020 
1 October 2025 
Vladimír Kreidl 
1974 
Member 
1 October 2013 
1 October 2021 
1 October 2026 
Miloš Matula  
1976 
Member 
1 January 2014 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2027 
Martin Stotter 
1976 
Member 
15 April 2018 
16 April 2021 
16 April 2026 
Vladimír Matouš 
1961 
Member 
1 July 2018 
1 July 2021 
1 July 2026 
Tomáš Jelínek 
1976 
Member 
1 January 2020 
1 January 2023 
1 January 2028 
Kamila Makhmudova 
1976 
Member 
1 December 2021 
1 December 2021 
1 December 2024 
Igor Vida 
Mr. Igor Vida has been the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer 
since April 2015. Mr. Vida graduated from the Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava, Slovakia, and 
completed the General Management Program at Harvard Business School. Prior to joining the Issuer, he worked 
for over 20 years at Tatra banka, a.s. in Slovakia, commencing in 1992. In 1997, he became a member of its 
Board of Directors and became the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of Tatra 
banka, a.s. in 2007. Igor Vida resigned from the position of Chairman of the Board of Directors of Tatra banka,

--- Page 314 ---
- 314 - 
a.s. on 31 March 2015. On 21 April 2015, he became the Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Tatra 
banka, a.s., from which he resigned on 15 May 2020. 
František Ježek 
Mr. Ježek has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer since October 2012 as a member of the 
Board of Directors responsible for its Risk Management. Since 15 April 2018 Mr. Ježek became member of the 
Board of Directors responsible for Corporate banking. He is also the Chairman of the Corporate Products 
Committee. Mr. Ježek graduated from the University of Economics, Prague, in 1996. Prior to working at the 
Issuer, he worked at the Vienna headquarters of Raiffeisen Bank International AG as the head of retail risk for 
all of the 15 markets in Central and Eastern Europe. Prior to working at RBI, he worked at Multiservis and in 
the GE Money group. 
Vladimír Kreidl 
Mr. Kreidl has been a member of the Board of Directors and Executive Director of the Issuer responsible for 
Retail Banking since October 2013. Mr. Kreidl graduated from the Institute of Economics Studies of the Charles 
University in Prague. Prior to joining the Issuer, he worked at McKinsey & Company starting from 2001 and 
became a partner in 2008. From 1995 to 2000, he worked at Patria Finance, a.s., eventually as a partner, where 
he, among other, co-founded and managed Patria Online.  
Miloš Matula 
Mr. Matula has been a member of the Board of Directors and Executive Director of the Issuer responsible for 
the area of Operations since January 2014. Prior to joining the Issuer, he worked as consultant at Accenture from 
2000 to 2007. From 2007 to 2009, he worked at Raiffeisen Bank International AG as Vice President, Head of 
Service Excellence. From November 2009 to December 2013, he worked at ZUNO BANK AG as Chief IT 
Officer (CIO), Chief Operations Officer (COO) and a Member of the Board of Directors and vice-chairman of 
Project Steering Committee. 
Martin Stotter 
Mr. Stotter has been a member of the Board of Directors responsible for Risk management since 15 April, 2018. 
Prior to joining the Issuer since March 2016, he has worked in the sister Raiffeisen Bank a.d. (Serbia) as a 
member of the Board of Directors responsible for Risk management. From 2014 to 2016 he was a member of 
the Board of Directors responsible for Risk management at Raiffeisen Bank d.d. (Slovenia). From 2012 to 2014, 
he worked at Raiffeisen Landesbank Steiermark AG, Graz as Deputy Chief Risk Officer (COO) and Chief 
Operating. Mr. Stotter is also the Chairman of the Credit Committee, the Operational Risk and Control 
Management Committee, the Problem Loans Committee and the Retail Risk Management Committee. 
Vladimír Matouš 
Mr. Matouš has been a member of the Board of Directors responsible for Information Technology since 1 July, 
2018. Prior to joining the Issuer, he has been operating in Tatra Banka, a.s (Slovakia) since 2010 as a Member 
of the Board of Directors responsible for IT. From 2008 to 2010, he worked for T-Systems Czech Republic as 
Senior Vice President of ICT Operations. From 2004 to 2008 he worked for T-Mobile Czech Republic as Vice 
President of Technology Operations. Mr. Matouš is also the Chairman of the IT Change Control Committee. 
Tomáš Jelínek 
Mr. Jelínek has been a member of the Board of Directors responsible for Markets & Investment Banking since 
1 January 2020. Prior to joining the Issuer in 2005, he worked in Citibank. He started his career in Raiffeisenbank 
a.s. as Head of Retail Risk Department, then he held positions of Head of Retail Risk and Credit Portfolio 
Management and of Chief Financial Officer. He also worked for Raiffeisen Bank International AG as Head of 
Collection Program for two years. 
Kamila Makhmudova 
Ms. Makhmudova has been a member of the Board of Directors responsible for Finance since 1 December 2021. 
She has more than twenty years of experience in international banking and extensive expertise in mergers and

--- Page 315 ---
- 315 - 
acquisitions from organisations inside and outside Europe. Since 2007, she has held various positions at RBI, 
most recently Director of Corporate Development and Strategy Management.  
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board of the Issuer supervises the Issuer's activities and oversees the competence of the Board 
of Directors and the performance of the Issuer's business activities. In particular, the Supervisory Board reviews 
the ordinary, extraordinary, consolidated, and interim financial statements, and the proposal for distribution of 
profit or settling of losses, and submits a report with its opinion to the General Meeting. The operation of the 
Supervisory Board and the conduct of its meetings are further regulated in the Bylaws of the Supervisory Board. 
The list of matters, which require the prior consent of the Supervisory Board, is included in the Bylaws of the 
Supervisory Board. The Articles of Association of the Issuer require the Supervisory Board to meet at least twice 
per year. 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Issuer, the Supervisory Board of the Issuer consists of twelve 
members. Two thirds of the members of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer are appointed by the Issuer's General 
Meeting and one third is elected by the employees of the Issuer for a term of five years and there are no limits 
on reappointment. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Supervisory Board has eleven members. 
The following table sets forth the members of the Issuer's Supervisory Board as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Position 
Commencement 
of Membership 
Commencement 
of Current Term 
of Office  
Date of 
Expiration of the 
Current Term of 
Office 
Lukasz Januszewski  
1978 
Chairman 
24 April 2018 
5 May 2023 
5 May 2028 
Peter Harold 
1960 
Member 
1 January 2023 
1 January 2023 
1 January 2028 
Ondřej Mrzena 
1973 
Member 
12 January 2024 
12 January 2024 
12 January 2029 
Hannes 
Mösenbacher 
1972 
Member 
27 April 2017 
28 April 2022 
28 April 2027 
Andrii Stepanenko 
1972 
Member 
24 April 2018 
25 April 2023 
25 April 2028 
Reinhard 
Schwendtbauer 
1972 
Member 
25 April 2013 
27 April 2023 
27 April 2028 
Helena Horská 
1974 
Member 
11 January 2019 
12 January 2024 
12 January 2029 
Martin Pochopin 
1982 
Member 
12 January 2024 
12 January 2024 
12 January 2029 
Michal Přádka 
1977 
Member 
12 May 2011 
12 January 2024 
12 January 2029 
Johann Strobl 
1959 
Member 
28 April 2014 
29 April 2019 
29 April 2024 
Taťána Le Moigne 
1967 
Member 
27 August 2019 
27 August 2019 
27 August 2024 
Lukasz Januszewski 
Mr. Januszewski has been a member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer from 24 April 2018 and on 8 May 
2018 he was elected Chairman of the Supervisory Board. From March 2018, he is a member of the Board of 
Directors of Raiffeisen Bank International AG responsible for Markets & Investment Banking. Since 1998, Mr. 
Januszewski has worked in Raiffeisen Bank Polska in various positions connected with Treasury, Capital 
Markets and Investment Banking. From 2007 to 2018 he was a Member of the Board of Directors responsible 
for Markets & Investment Banking.  
Peter Harold 
Mr. Harold has been a member of the Supervisory Board since January 2023. Peter studied Business Taxation, 
Banking Management, and Tax Law at Vienna University. He also has an MBA from Webster University and a 
PhD from the University of Economics. He currently holds the position of advisor in the field of banking. 
Ondřej Mrzena 
Mr. Mrzena has been a member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer since January 2024. He has been working 
for the Issuer with a short break since 2001 (Compliance and Legal Department). He has been the bank's 
ombudsman since 2021. He graduated from the Law Faculty of the Charles University in Prague and the Master 
of Business Administration program at Sheffield Hallam University and Czech Technical University Prague.

--- Page 316 ---
- 316 - 
Hannes Mösenbacher 
Dr. Mösenbacher has been a member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer since April 27 2017. Since March 
2017, he has been a member of the Board of Directors of RBI, responsible for the area of risk management 
(CRO). Prior to 2009 he worked for RBI (Raiffeisen Zentralbank Österreich AG) as Head of Risk Controlling. 
From 2000 to 2008, he was employed at Bank Austria Creditanstalt, Vienna in various positions associated with 
risk management. 
Andrii Stepanenko 
Mr. Stepanenko has been a member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer since 24 April 2018. At the same time 
he became a Member of the Board of Directors of RBI responsible for Retail Banking. Under the Raiffeisen 
brand he has been working since 1998, first at AKB Raiffeisenbank Ukraine, subsequently in Raiffeisen 
Zentralbank AG. From 2003 to 2007 he worked at ZAO Raiffeisenbank Austria, where he was responsible for 
Risk management. Since 2012 he has been in various positions in the Russian AO Raiffeisenbank, most recently 
as Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors responsible for Retail Banking and SME. 
Reinhard Schwendtbauer 
Mr. Schwendtbauer has been a member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer since April 2013. Since 1997, he 
worked at Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberösterreich as the Head of the Secretariat of the Board of Directors and 
currently serves as a member of its Board of Directors. From 1999 to 2000, he worked at the Federal Ministry 
of Agriculture and Forestry. From 2001 to 2012, he was the managing partner and shareholder in Finadvice 
Österreich, Linz. 
Helena Horská 
Mrs. Horská has been the member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer, elected by the employees of the Issuer, 
since 11 January 2019. She has been working for the Issuer since 2004, currently being in the position of Head 
of Economic Research.  
Martin Pochopin 
Mr. Pochopin has been the member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer, elected by the employees of the 
Issuer, since January 2024.  
Michal Přádka 
Mr. Přádka has been the member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer, elected by the employees of the Issuer, 
since 11 January 2019. He has been working for the Issuer since 1999 (originally at Expandia Bank), currently 
in the position of Head of Region - North Moravia.  
Johann Strobl 
Dr. Strobl has been the member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer since April 2014 and he is also a member 
of the Audit Committee of the Issuer. Dr. Strobl graduated from Vienna University of Economics and Business. 
Prior to his engagement with the Issuer, he worked at the Vienna University of Economics and Business and in 
numerous positions (including as the CRO/CFO and as board member) of Bank Austria Creditanstalt. In March 
2017, he became Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of RBI. 
Taťána Le Moigne 
Mrs. Le Moigne has been an independent member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer since 27 August 2019. 
She graduated from the University of Economics in Prague. Since 2006, she has been the CEO of Google Czech 
Republic. She also holds the position of Country Director of the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Romania at 
Google.

--- Page 317 ---
- 317 - 
Audit Committee  
The Audit Committee of the Issuer consists of three members who are appointed by the General Meeting of the 
Issuer. The members of the Audit Committee of the Issuer are appointed for a term of five years and there is no 
limit on reappointment. A member of the Audit Committee may also be a member of the Supervisory Board. 
The Audit Committee (i) supervises the production of the financial statements and consolidated financial 
statements; (ii) evaluates the effectiveness of internal control, internal audit and risk management of the Issuer; 
(iii) supervises the process of external audit of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements; 
(iv) considers the independence of the external auditor; (v) recommends the selection of external auditors and 
(vi) any other powers and responsibilities determined by the relevant EU directives, regulations and Czech laws, 
including primarily the Czech Act No. 93/2009 Coll., on Auditors, as amended (the Czech Auditors Act). The 
operation of the Audit Committee and the conduct of its meetings are further regulated in the Bylaws of the Audit 
Committee. 
The following table sets forth the members of the Issuer's Audit Committee as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Position 
Commencement of 
Membership 
Commencement of 
Current Term of 
Office  
Date of Expiration 
of the Current Term 
of Office 
Pavel Závitkovský 
1955 
Chairman 
28 April 2016 
28 April 2021 
28 April 2026 
Andrea Vlasek 
1973 
Member 
10 December 2009 
12 December 2019 
12 December 2024 
Stanislav Staněk 
1968 
Member 
28 April 2016 
28 April 2021 
28 April 2026 
Conflicts of Interest at the Level of Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The Issuer is not aware of any possible conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of its Board of 
Directors, the Audit Committee or the Supervisory Board owed to the Issuer and their private interests or other 
duties. 
Principal Activities Outside of the Issuer 
The following table provides an overview of principal activities significant to the Issuer, performed by members 
of Issuer's bodies outside of the Issuer (beyond the positions outlined above), as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
Members of the Board of Directors 
Activity 
Igor Vida 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen stavební spořitelna a.s. 
• 
Raiffeisen – Leasing, s.r.o. 
Member of: 
• 
the presidium of Česká bankovní asociace 
František Ježek 
Member of the Supervisory Board : 
• 
Raiffeisen – Leasing, s.r.o. (chairman) 
• 
Bankovní identita, a.s. 
Vladimír Kreidl 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen stavební spořitelna a.s. (chairman) 
Miloš Matula 
Director of: 
• 
Pavlovské domečky s.r.o. 
Shareholder of:  
• 
Cimrio s.r.o. 
• 
Pavlovské domečky s.r.o.

--- Page 318 ---
- 318 - 
Martin Stotter  
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen – Leasing, s.r.o. 
• 
Raiffeisen stavební spořitelna a.s. 
Vladimír Matouš  
--- 
Tomáš Jelínek  
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen investiční společnost a.s. (chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen – Leasing, s.r.o. 
• 
AKCENTA CZ a.s. 
• 
AKCENTA LOGISTIC a.s. v likvidaci 
Kamila Makhmudova 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen stavební spořitelna a.s. 
Supervisory Board members 
 
Lukasz Januszewski 
Member of the Management Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Austria 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen Centrobank AG, Austria (chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank JSC, Ukraine (chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen Kapitalanlage-Gesellschaft m.b.H., Austria (vice-
chairman) 
• 
AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A., Romania 
• 
Tatra banka, a.s., Slovakia 
Johann Strobl 
Member of the Management Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Austria (vice-chairman) 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
UNIQA Insurance Group AG, Austria (2nd Deputy Chairman) 
• 
UNIQA Österreich Versicherungen AG, Austria 
• 
Österreichische Kontrollbank Aktiengesellschaft, Austria (first vice-
chairman) 
• 
Oesterreichische Raiffeisen-Sicherungseinrichtung eGen, Austria 
• 
AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia (chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A., Romania (chairman) 
• 
Tatra banka, a.s., Slovakia 
Reinhard Schwendtbauer 
Member of the Management Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberösterreich Aktiengesellschaft, Austria 
• 
OÖ Wohnbau Privatstiftung, Austria 
• 
RBG OÖ Verbund eGen., Austria (managing director) 
• 
RLB Holding reg.Gen.m.b.H. OÖ, Austria (managing director) 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen KMU Beteiligungs AG, Austria (chairman)

--- Page 319 ---
- 319 - 
• 
VIVATIS Holding AG, Austria (chairman) 
• 
EBS Wohnungsgesellschaft mbH, Austria  
• 
Gemeinnützige Industrie-Wohnungsaktiengesellschaft, Austria 
• 
Invest Unternehmensbeteiligungs Aktiengesellschaft, Austria 
• 
OÖ Wohnbau gemeinnützige Wohnbau und Beteiligung GmbH, 
Austria 
• 
OÖ Wohnbau Gesellschaft für den Wohnungsbau gemeinnützige 
GmbH, Austria 
• 
Österreichische Salinen Aktiengesellschaft, Austria 
• 
Salinen Austria Aktiengesellschaft, Austria 
• 
Salzburger Landes-Hypothekenbank Aktiengesellschaft, Austria 
• 
WAG Wohnungsanlagen Gesellschaft m.b.H., Austria 
• 
Activ factoring AG, Austria 
• 
POLYTEC Holding AG, Austria 
• 
VIVATIS Capital Services eGen, Austria 
• 
Oberösterreichische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft, Austria 
Hannes Mösenbacher 
Member of the Management Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Austria 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen-Kundengarantiegemeinschaft 
Österreich, 
Austria 
(president) 
• 
Raiffeisen Centrobank AG, Austria (vice-chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisenbank S.A., Romania (vice-chairman) 
• 
AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia 
• 
Tatra banka, a.s., Slovakia 
Andrii Stepanenko 
Member of the Management Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Austria 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Priorbank JSC, Belarus (chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen Kapitalanlage - Gesellschaft m.b.H., Austria (chairman) 
• 
Tatra banka, a.s., Slovakia (chairman) 
• 
Kathrein Privatbank Aktiengesellschaft, Austria (chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank JSC, Ukraine (vice-chairman) 
• 
AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A., Romania 
• 
Raiffeisen Centrobank AG, Austria 
Helena Horská 
Member of the Administrative Board of: 
• 
Ministr zdraví z. ú. 
Michal Přádka 
--- 
Taťána Le Moigne 
Member of the Supervisory Board of:

--- Page 320 ---
- 320 - 
• 
DOBRÝ ANDĚL, nadace 
Member of the Administrative Board of: 
• 
Aspen Institute Central Europe o.p.s. 
• 
Odyssey, z.s. 
• 
6D Academy, z.ú. v likvidaci 
Ondřej Mrzena 
- 
Peter Harold 
- 
Martin Pochopin 
- 
Audit Committee members 
 
Pavel Závitkovský 
Member of the Audit Committee of: 
• 
Česká spořitelna, a.s. 
• 
MERO ČR, a.s. (chairman) 
• 
Exportní garanční a pojišťovací společnost, a. s. (chairman) 
• 
NET4GAS, s.r.o. 
• 
Národní rozvojová banka, a.s.  
• 
J&T Banka, a. s. (chairman, also member of the Remuneration 
Committee) 
• 
OTE a.s. (chairman) 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Národní rozvojová banka, a.s. (chairman) 
• 
Par System, a.s. 
Andrea Vlasek 
--- 
Stanislav Staněk 
Member of of the Audit Committee of: 
• 
NET4GAS, s.r.o. 
• 
Česká exportní banka, a.s.

--- Page 321 ---
- 321 - 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Raiffeisen Group provides banking services to: (i) its directors and 
senior management; (ii) entities under common control with the Issuer; (iii) its associates; (iv) its joint ventures 
and (v) its parent companies. These transactions include, but are not limited to, the provision of loans, overdrafts, 
interest bearing deposits and current accounts, as well as other services. All related party transactions described 
above are made in the ordinary course of business and are subject to substantially the same terms as comparable 
transactions with third parties (including in relation to interest rates and security). Furthermore, related party 
transactions concluded since 31 December 2017 have been of equivalent type as the material related party 
transactions described herein and have been entered into in the ordinary course of business. 
Transactions between Related Parties 
The Raiffeisen Group's receivables towards related parties as of 31 December 2023 are primarily composed of:  
(a) 
Credit balances on the current account maintained at: 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 8,398 million; 
(ii) 
Raiffeisen Bank Zrt. of CZK 3 million;  
(iii) 
Raiffeisenbank AO (Russia) of CZK 27 million; and 
(iv) 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A. (Romania) of CZK 1 million. 
(b) 
Provided loan to: 
(i) 
AKCENTA CZ a.s. of CZK 9 million; and 
(ii) 
Tatra-leasing, s.r.o. of CZK 354 million. 
(c) 
Nominal values of financial derivatives – off-balance sheet receivables: 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 550,792 million; and 
(ii) 
AKCENTA CZ a.s. of CZK 4,040 million. 
The Issuer's liabilities towards related parties are primarily composed of: 
(a) 
Credit balances on the current account of the Issuer from: 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 428 million;  
(ii) 
AKCENTA CZ a.s. of CZK 881 million; 
(iii) 
Tatra Banka, a.s. of CZK 6 million; and 
(iv) 
Raiffeisenbank Hungary of CZK 16 million. 
(b) 
Term deposits: 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 14 million; 
(ii) 
UNIQA of CZK 105 million; 
(iii) 
Raiffeisenbank Hungary of CZK 2,780 million; and 
(iv) 
Tatra Banka, a.s. of CZK 345 million. 
(c) 
Repo transactions: 
(i) 
Tatra Banka, a.s. of CZK 1,302 million; 
(ii) 
RBI of CZK 160 million; and 
(iii) 
Raiffeisenbank Hungary of CZK 1,252 million. 
(d) 
Nominal values of financial derivatives - off-balance sheet liabilities: 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 550,314 million; and

--- Page 322 ---
- 322 - 
(ii) 
AKCENTA CZ a.s. of CZK 4,077 million. 
(e) 
Subordinated debt from: 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 3,238 million;  
(ii) 
Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberösterreich AG of CZK 1,080 million; and 
(iii) 
Raiffeisen Bausparkassen Holding GmbH of CZK 302 million. 
(f) 
Other equity instruments - subordinated unsecured AT1 capital investment certificates purchased: 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 4,107 million; and 
(ii) 
RLB OÖ Sektorholding GmbH of CZK 724 million. 
The following table sets forth the outstanding balances of the Raiffeisen Group's related party transactions as of 
and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 
 
Parent 
companies 
Companies 
with 
significant 
influence 
over the 
Issuer 
Associated 
companies 
Board of 
Directors, 
Supervisory 
Board and 
other 
managers* 
Other 
related 
parties 
Total 
 
(in CZK million) 
 
 
Receivables ..............................  
8,398 
783 
9 
210 
998 
10,398 
Positive fair values of financial 
derivatives ................................  
8,796 
- 
49 
- 
- 
8,845 
Liabilities .................................  
602 
22 
881 
356 
5,904 
7,765 
Negative fair values of financial 
derivatives ................................  
15,395 
- 
54 
- 
- 
15,449 
Other equity instruments ..........  
4,107 
- 
- 
- 
724 
4,831 
Subordinated liabilities and bonds 
 .................................................  
3,238 
- 
- 
- 
1,382 
4,620 
Guarantees issued.....................   
2,499 
- 
- 
- 
329 
2,828 
Guarantees received .................  
112 
- 
- 
- 
1,685 
1,797 
Nominal 
values 
of 
financial 
derivatives 
(off-balance 
sheet 
receivables) ..............................  
550,792 
- 
4,040 
- 
- 
554,832 
Nominal 
values 
of 
financial 
derivatives 
(off-balance 
sheet 
liabilities) .................................  
550,314 
- 
4,077 
- 
- 
554,391 
Irrevocable 
credit 
commitments 
provided ...................................  
- 
- 
- 
14 
- 
14 
Interest income  ........................  
6,728 
21 
- 
5 
18 
6,772 
Interest expense  .......................  
(8,797) 
- 
(12) 
(6) 
(270) 
(9,085) 
Fee and commission income ....  
48 
- 
- 
- 
25 
73 
Fee and commission expense ...  
(33) 
- 
- 
- 
(193) 
(226) 
Net gain or loss from financial 
operations .................................  
(292) 
- 
(80) 
- 
29 
(343) 
Net gain or loss from hedge 
accounting ................................  
1,911 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,911 
General operating expenses......  
(308) 
- 
- 
(281) 
(25) 
(614) 
Other operating income, net .....  
10 
- 
- 
- 
2 
12 
* Other members of the management are level B-1 managers of the Bank 
 ______________________________  
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report

--- Page 323 ---
- 323 - 
 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2022  
 
Parent 
companies 
Companies 
with 
significant 
influence 
over the 
Issuer 
Associated 
companies 
Board of 
Directors, 
Supervisory 
Board and 
other 
managers* 
Other 
related 
parties 
Total 
 
(in CZK million) 
 
 
Receivables ..............................  
9,568 
- 
127 
191 
839 
10,725 
Positive fair values of financial 
derivatives ................................  
13,366 
- 
5 
- 
- 
13,371 
Liabilities .................................  
1,318 
1 
691 
149 
4,878 
7,037 
Negative fair values of financial 
derivatives ................................  
21,146 
- 
134 
- 
- 
21,280 
Other equity instruments ..........  
4,107 
- 
- 
- 
724 
4,831 
Subordinated liabilities and bonds 
 .................................................  
3,156 
- 
- 
- 
1,354 
4,510 
Guarantees issued.....................   
577 
- 
- 
- 
111 
688 
Guarantees received .................  
137 
- 
- 
- 
1,957 
2,094 
Nominal 
values 
of 
financial 
derivatives 
(off-balance 
sheet 
receivables) ..............................  
498,888 
- 
2,893 
- 
33 
501,814 
Nominal 
values 
of 
financial 
derivatives 
(off-balance 
sheet 
liabilities) .................................  
497,432 
- 
3,108 
- 
33 
500,573 
Irrevocable 
credit 
commitments 
provided ...................................  
0 
- 
- 
33 
- 
33 
Interest income  ........................  
4,625 
2 
- 
3 
44 
4,674 
Interest expense  .......................  
(6,640) 
- 
- 
(3) 
(194) 
(6,837) 
Fee and commission income ....  
44 
- 
- 
- 
22 
66 
Fee and commission expense ...  
(24) 
- 
- 
- 
(139) 
(163) 
Net gain or loss from financial 
operations .................................  
3,633 
- 
(207) 
- 
52 
3,478 
Net gain or loss from hedge 
accounting ................................  
(3,759) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(3,759) 
General operating expenses......  
(281) 
- 
- 
(269) 
(24) 
(574) 
Other operating income, net .....  
27 
- 
- 
- 
2 
29 
 
* Other key management personell are the managers of the Bank of level B-1 
 ______________________________  
Source: Issuer's 2022 Annual Report 
For further information on related party transactions of the Raiffeisen Group, see Note 51 to the consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 and Note 51 to the consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2022.

--- Page 324 ---
- 324 - 
CZECH BANKING REGULATION 
This section contains selected information on certain aspects of Czech banking regulation and supervision. The 
information in this section is intended to provide a brief overview of Czech banking regulation and supervision 
to which the Issuer, the Raiffeisen Group or certain of its members are subject, and is not intended to provide a 
comprehensive or complete description of Czech banking regulation and supervision. 
Banking Regulation and Supervision 
The structure of the regulation and supervision of the Czech banking system is set forth in a number of statutes, 
including the Czech Act No. 6/1993 Coll., on the Czech National Bank, as amended (the CNB Act), the Czech 
Banking Act, the Czech Capital Markets Act, the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act, the Czech Act No. 
253/2008 Coll., the Act on Some Measures against Money-Laundering and Financing of Terrorism, as amended, 
the Czech Act No. 370/2017 Coll., on Payment Services, as amended, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Act No. 
93/2009 Coll., on Auditors, as amended (the Czech Auditors Act), the Czech Act No. 377/2005 Coll., on 
Supplementary Supervision over Banks, Credit Unions, Electronic Money Institutions, Insurance Companies and 
Investment Firms in Financial Conglomerates and amending some other acts, as amended (the Czech Financial 
Conglomerates Act), the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act, the Czech Act No. 257/2016 Coll., on Consumer 
Credit, as amended (the Czech Consumer Credit Act) and certain regulations issued by the CNB (known as 
measures and decrees) as well as directly applicable EU laws and regulations. 
The CNB 
The CNB exercises regulatory and supervisory powers over the banking sector, as well as the rest of the Czech 
financial sector (including the capital markets, insurance, pension funds, credit unions and electronic money 
institutions as well as the foreign exchange sector). The CNB also carries out the traditional activities of a central 
bank including fostering price stability through monetary policy as well as fostering financial stability and safe 
functioning of the financial system in the Czech Republic. 
As a general rule, the CNB exercises banking supervision over Czech banks (including subsidiaries of foreign 
banks incorporated in the Czech Republic) and Czech branches of banks established outside the EEA. Banks 
established in EEA countries other than the Czech Republic which are conducting their banking business in the 
Czech Republic through a Czech branch passported in the Czech Republic, or without establishment of a Czech 
branch on the basis of freedom of cross-border provision of services, are primarily subject to supervision by their 
home country regulators, although their supervision is also partially carried out by the CNB. 
Under the Czech CNB Act and the Czech Banking Act, the CNB is empowered with an array of powers to regulate 
and supervise the Czech banking system. These powers, among others, include the power to: (i) grant banking 
licences; (ii) issue regulations containing the terms and conditions of entry into the banking sector and setting 
down prudential rules for specific areas of banking business; (iii) monitor the activities of banks, branches of 
foreign banks and credit unions; (iv) perform examinations (inspections) in banks, including foreign bank 
branches and credit unions; (v) grant prior consents to certain activities involving a bank, including the acquisition 
of a participation in a bank, the disposal of a bank’s business, the merger or winding up of a bank, or the termination 
of a bank’s activities; and (vi) impose remedial measures and penalties for shortcomings detected in banks’ 
activities (see section Remedial Measures and Penalties). 
Licensing 
As a general rule, only joint-stock companies that have been granted a banking licence by the CNB in compliance 
with the Czech Banking Act are permitted to operate in the Czech Republic as a bank. Certain exceptions apply 
to foreign banks established within the EEA which intend to provide banking services in the Czech Republic 
through their Czech branch or on the basis of freedom of cross-border provision of services. Licences are issued 
for an indefinite period of time and contain a list of the activities that the respective bank is permitted to conduct. 
In some cases, licences also contain conditions the bank must meet prior to commencing a particular permitted 
activity or while conducting that activity. Some of the activities listed in the licence, such as the provision of 
investment services and certain custodian services, may be conditional upon the fulfilment of special conditions. 
Activities Requiring Prior Consent of or Notification to the CNB 
In a number of cases, the Czech Banking Act requires banks or other legal or natural persons to apply for consent 
from the CNB or to notify the CNB before executing particular transactions or operations.

--- Page 325 ---
- 325 - 
Prior consent of the CNB is required, without limitation: (i) where a person proposes to acquire or increase a direct 
or indirect participation in a Czech bank so that it would reach or exceed 10 per cent., 20 per cent., 30 per cent. 
or 50 per cent. of the registered capital or of the voting rights, or so that the acquirer would become the bank’s 
controlling entity or have the possibility to exercise a significant influence over the bank’s management (this duty 
also applies to persons acting in concert); (ii) in order to enter into an agreement pursuant to which the business 
enterprise of the bank or a part thereof is disposed of; (iii) in order to merge or divide the bank or to transfer its 
assets to its shareholder; (iv) for a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders to wind up the bank or cease 
to carry out any activity for which a licence is required; and (v) in order to reduce the capital of the bank, unless 
the capital is being reduced to cover a loss. 
A prior notification to the CNB is required, without limitation: (i) where a person proposes to completely dispose 
of or reduce a direct or indirect participation in a bank so that it would fall below 10 per cent., 20 per cent., 30 per 
cent. or 50 per cent. of the registered capital or of the voting rights, or so that the acquirer would cease to be the 
bank’s controlling entity or cease to have the possibility of exercising a significant influence over the bank’s 
management (this duty also applies to persons acting in concert); (ii) of changes proposed to a bank’s articles of 
association relating to the parts that are required by law; (iii) of proposed personnel changes in the Board of 
Directors and senior management of the bank; (iv) of the bank’s intent to establish a legal entity (subsidiary), 
branch or representation abroad or to provide services abroad without establishing a branch; and (v) of the identity 
of a bank’s auditor. 
A subsequent notification to the CNB must be filed by a Czech bank without undue delay upon any acquisition 
of a participation in a legal entity, incorporation of a legal entity or participation in its incorporation if the Czech 
bank acquired or holds a direct or indirect participation in such legal entity of at least 10 per cent. of the registered 
capital or of the voting rights, or so that the Czech bank would become the legal entity’s controlling entity or has 
the possibility to exercise a significant influence over the legal entity’s management.  
Capital Adequacy Requirements 
In December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the BCBS) published its final standards on 
the revised capital adequacy framework, known as Basel III, which tightened the definition of capital and requires 
banks to maintain capital buffers on top of minimum capital requirements. On 27 June 2013, the CRD IV and the 
CRR, transposing Basel III into EU-law, have been published. 
The CRR (an EU-regulation which directly applies in all EU-Member States without any further national 
implementation steps) entered into force on 1 January 2014. Certain Czech laws (including amendments to the 
Czech Banking Act and an implementing Decree of the CNB No. 163/2014 Coll., on the Performance of the 
Activities of Banks, Credit Unions and Investment Firms, as amended (the Prudential Rules Decree)) 
implementing the CRD IV into Czech law were subsequently amended or newly promulgated in 2014. 
Thus, since 2014, the prudential requirements, in particular the regulatory capital requirements applicable to the 
Issuer have been substantially changed.  
Under the new rules, the only capital instruments eligible as own funds are: (i) CET 1 instruments; (ii) additional 
tier 1 instruments (the AT 1) (CET 1 and AT 1 together constituting the Tier 1); and (iii) tier 2 instruments (the 
Tier 2). 
Institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following capital ratios for own funds: (i) a CET 1 ratio of 4.5 
per cent.; (ii) a Tier 1 ratio of 6 per cent.; and (iii) a total capital ratio constituted of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 of 8 per 
cent., all expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount. The total risk exposure amount is in 
principle the sum of risk-weighted exposure amounts for credit risk, as well as the own funds requirements for 
market risk and operational risk. 
Therefore, while the total capital an institution needs to hold remains at 8 per cent., the share that has to be of the 
highest quality (i.e. CET 1) increased from 2 per cent. to 4.5 per cent.  
The new rules established the following new capital buffers: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the 
countercyclical capital buffer, (iii) the systemic risk buffer, (iv) the global systemic institutions buffer and (v) the 
other systemic institutions buffer. The capital conservation buffer is equal to 2.5 per cent. The countercyclical 
capital buffer is 2.0 per cent. in the Czech Republic since 15 September 2023. The other systematically important 
institutions buffer applicable to the Issuer is equal to 0.5 per cent. as of 1 January 2024. The systemic risk buffer 
is not applied by the CNB as of the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 326 ---
- 326 - 
On top of these own funds requirements, the competent authorities may add extra capital requirements to cover 
other risks following a supervisory review and institutions may also decide to hold an additional amount of capital 
on their own.  
Under Basel III, banks (such as the Issuer) are required to meet two new liquidity standards: (i) the LCR and (ii) 
the NSFR. The LCR requires banks to hold an amount of unencumbered, high quality liquid assets that can be 
used to offset the net cash outflows the bank would encounter under an acute short term stress scenario specified 
by supervisors. The NSFR measures the amount of longer term, stable sources of funding available to a bank in 
relation to the stable funding it requires over a one year period of extended stress, given the liquidity profiles of 
its assets and its off balance sheet exposures. 
At the same time, the criteria for each capital instrument became more stringent; due to harmonized definitions 
of adjustments made to capital in order to determine the amount of regulatory capital that is prudent to recognise 
for regulatory purposes, the effective level of required regulatory capital has been increased significantly.  
In respect of credit risk, in order to calculate their risk-weighted exposure amounts, institutions shall apply either 
the standardised approach or (if permitted by the competent authorities) the internal ratings based approach (the 
IRB). At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is using the IRB. 
Apart from the prudential requirements on own funds and regulatory capital described above, Czech credit 
institutions are subject to numerous other regulatory requirements stipulated by EU-law, including limits on large 
exposures, liquidity requirements, leverage ratios, as well as reporting and notification obligations. Credit 
institutions have to comply with such prudential and regulatory requirements not only on an individual level, but 
also on a group level. 
The CNB is authorised to apply certain remedial measures linked to failure to meet capital adequacy criteria. For 
example, the CNB may require the bank, among other things, to increase its capital to a sufficient level, to limit 
the acquisition of certain higher-risk assets, to refrain from paying interest on deposits where relevant interest 
rates would be in excess of the then current market level or to cease providing any loans to persons that have 
close personal or proprietary links with the bank. In an extreme case, the CNB is obliged to revoke the bank’s 
licence, unless the bank is subject to a crisis resolution measure (in Czech, opatření k řešení krize) pursuant to 
the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act. 
Furthermore, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published its proposal for an EU Banking reform 
package including proposals to amend the CRR, the CRD IV and BRRD (the EU Banking Reform) as part of 
the finalisation of the Basel III framework and its implementation in the EU. The individual pieces of law forming 
the EU Banking Reform were adopted on 20 May 2019. The amendments include, among other things, 
introduction of a new asset class of "non-preferred" senior debt, changes to the market risk framework by 
implementing the fundamental review of the trading book, changes to the counterparty credit risk framework, 
introduction of a leverage ratio requirement, binding implementation of the NSFR, revisions to the Pillar 2 
framework and revisions to the framework concerning interest rate risk in the banking book. Until the EU Banking 
Reform is adopted and implemented into Czech law in its final form, its impact on the Issuer and its business is 
uncertain. 
Financial Conglomerates 
Starting in September 2005, the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act came into force implementing Directive 
2002/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2002 on the supplementary 
supervision of credit institutions, insurance undertakings and investment firms in a financial conglomerate. 
According to the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act, a bank is considered to be a "regulated person" when under 
certain circumstances it is subject to a regulation of the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act. 
According to the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act a financial conglomerate is a group or subgroup if: 
(a) 
the group or subgroup is headed by: (i) a regulated person, such as a bank, credit institution, insurance 
company or securities broker, which either: (a) controls a person in the financial sector; or (b) is a person 
who exercises a significant influence on a person in the financial sector; or (c) is a person connected to 
other person in financial sector through a unified management (d) is a person, the majority of whose 
members of statutory, managing and supervisory bodies comprise during most of the relevant accounting 
period individuals or persons, who are at the same time members of the statutory, managing and

--- Page 327 ---
- 327 - 
supervisory bodies of another person in the financial sector, or (ii) a person who is not a regulated 
person, provided the activity of the group is performed predominantly in the financial sector; 
(b) 
at least one person in the group or subgroup belongs to the insurance sector and at least one person in 
the group or subgroup belongs to the banking sector or investment services sector; and 
(c) 
the activities in the insurance sector of the group or subgroup in their aggregate and the activities in the 
banking sector and investment services sector of the group or subgroup in their aggregate are significant 
(where the extent of the sector’s significance is specified in detail in the Czech Financial Conglomerates 
Act). 
The supplementary regulation under the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act concerns mainly the following three 
areas at the level of the financial conglomerate: 
(a) 
capital adequacy; 
(b) 
risk management; and 
(c) 
intra-group transactions. 
The supplementary supervision is exercised at the level of the financial conglomerate, i.e. at the level of the 
regulated entity which is at the top of the financial conglomerate, or at the level of the regulated entity, the parent 
of which is a mixed financial holding company (i.e., a non-regulated entity controls a regulated entity) which has 
its head office in the EU. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any member of the Raiffeisen Group is considered 
a regulated person subject to supplementary supervision at the level of financial conglomerate. 
Minimum Reserves 
Under the Czech CNB Act, the CNB may require banks, foreign bank branches and credit unions to hold a 
pre-specified amount of liquid funds, known as minimum required reserves, in accounts with the CNB. The 
required minimum reserves may not exceed 30 per cent. of the total liabilities of the institution required to hold 
such reserves, net of its liabilities owed to other regulated persons. Currently, the CNB requires minimum reserves 
to amount to at least 2 per cent. of the aggregate of the following liabilities to entities other than banks or foreign 
banks with a maturity of up to two years: (i) customer deposits; (ii) loans accepted from customers; (iii) holdings 
by non-banking entities of outstanding non-marketable securities; and (iv) holdings by non-banking entities of 
other outstanding debt securities. Minimum reserves are calculated from liabilities denominated in CZK as well 
as other currencies. Failure by a bank or a branch of a foreign bank established outside the EEA to meet minimum 
reserve requirements exposes the bank to interest penalties equal to twice the average Lombard rate applicable 
during the period in which it was obliged to meet such minimum reserve requirements. 
Liquidity Rules 
Under the Czech Banking Act and the Prudential Rules Decree, banks operating in the Czech Republic are 
required to monitor and manage liquidity risk. A bank must establish a strategy for the management of liquidity 
risks and monitor liquidity on a daily basis for each individual major currency in which it deals, and on the 
aggregate level for all currencies. Banks must also maintain a stable and diversified funding portfolio and manage 
relationships with their principal creditors. For further details on how the Issuer manages liquidity risk, see Risk 
Management – Types of Risks Managed – Liquidity Risk. 
Classification of Receivables and Impairment 
Under the Czech Banking Act, the CRR and the Prudential Rules Decree, Czech banks and branches of foreign 
banks established outside the EEA are required to classify their exposures (especially those originating from 
granting of credit) according to the likelihood of default on such receivables into the following classes: (i) 
performing exposures; and (ii) non-performing exposures. The classification is realised in accordance with the 
approach to classification of exposures set out in the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 680/2014 of 
April 2014 laying down implementing technical standards with regard to supervisory reporting of institutions 
according to CRR. Following such classification, Czech banks and branches of foreign banks must follow

--- Page 328 ---
- 328 - 
procedures set by the Prudential Rules Decree to set amounts of expected losses on the exposures and create 
provisions and reserves to cover them.  
Large Exposures 
Under the Czech Banking Act, the Prudential Rules Decree and the CRR, Czech banks and branches of foreign 
banks established outside the EEA are required to comply with large exposure rules established by the CRR that 
limit the amount of their assets and off-balance-sheet items in respect of a person or economically connected 
group of persons. For the purposes of these rules, a large exposure to a person or economically connected group 
of persons is deemed to exist if the exposure value is equal to or higher than 10 per cent. of a bank’s eligible 
capital. 
As a general rule, a Czech bank shall not incur an exposure, after taking into account the effect of the credit risk 
mitigation, to a client or group of connected clients the value of which exceeds 25 per cent. of its eligible capital. 
If a group of connected clients includes one or more credit institutions or investment firms, the value of the 
exposure must not exceed 25 per cent. of a Czech bank’s eligible capital or EUR 150 million, whichever is higher, 
provided that the sum of exposure values, after taking into account the credit risk mitigation, to all connected 
clients that are not credit institutions or investment firms must not exceed 25 per cent. of the Czech bank’s eligible 
capital. 
As a general rule, trading portfolio exposure to a person or economically connected group of persons may not 
exceed 600 per cent. of the sum of the eligible capital.  
Qualified Participations 
The Czech Banking Act defines a qualified participation as a direct or indirect participation in an entity which 
represents 10 per cent. or more of the registered capital or voting rights of such entity, or which makes it possible 
to exercise significant influence over the management of such entity. Under the CRR, a qualified participation 
held by a bank or its consolidated group in a non-financial institution (i.e., an entity that is neither a Czech bank, 
a foreign bank, a financial institution nor an ancillary services undertaking) may not exceed (i) in respect of a 
single legal entity 15 per cent. of the bank’s or the consolidated group’s eligible capital and (ii) in respect of all 
legal entities a total of 60 per cent. of the bank’s or the consolidated group’s eligible capital. These limits do not 
apply in specific limited circumstances. 
Under the Czech Banking Act, a bank may acquire a participation or share in another legal entity, incorporate 
another legal entity or participate in its incorporation only if: (a) the bank does not become a participant with 
unlimited liability; (b) the legal entity is not a person having a qualified participation in such bank (with some 
exemptions stated by the Czech Banking Act); (c) there are no legal or other obstacles to effective supervision of 
the bank’s activities; or (d) the investment is in compliance with the total strategy of the bank and the bank 
controls the risks connected with such investment, in particular, in light of the eventual obligations of the bank 
arising therefrom. 
Disclosure of Information 
Banks are required to disclose and file with the CNB a number of reports, including quarterly and annual reports. 
The form of the reports is specified in various CNB decrees. The annual report must contain, among other things, 
the bank’s financial statements and the external auditor’s report. Since 2002, banks’ internal risk management 
systems must also be audited by statutory auditors, unless the CNB waives this requirement or limits it to only 
some parts thereof. The CNB reviews these reports and monitors whether regulations on liquidity, large 
exposures, capital adequacy, capital, qualified participations and other matters have been observed. Banks are 
also required to introduce effective mechanisms for dealing with customer complaints and to inform customers 
about these mechanisms in their premises. Banks must also disclose basic information about themselves, their 
shareholder structure, the structure of the consolidated group to which they belong, and their activities and 
financial situation on their website. Certain banks are also obliged to disclose information on compliance with 
the prudential rules. 
Deposit Insurance 
Primary deposits with Czech banks are insured with the Deposit Insurance Fund (the Deposit Insurance Fund) 
operated by the Financial Market Guarantee System established pursuant to the Czech Recovery and Resolution 
Act. All Czech banks and branches of foreign banks outside the EEA must participate in this deposit insurance 
scheme and contribute to the Deposit Insurance Fund. The Deposit Insurance Fund is financed from contributions

--- Page 329 ---
- 329 - 
from banks, funds obtained at the financial market, subsidies, repayable financial assistance and loans provided 
by the CNB, investment yields on its funds and proceeds from finalised insolvency and liquidation proceedings. 
The condition for insuring each deposit is that the person making the deposit is duly identified, as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of individuals, the deposit must be identified by the individual’s name, surname, personal 
identification number or date of birth and address; and 
(b) 
in the case of legal entities, the deposit must be identified by the legal entity’s name, registered seat 
and, in the case of Czech legal entities, their identification number. 
Neither individuals nor legal entities need to apply for deposit insurance in order for their deposits to be covered. 
A deposit kept at a bank, building society or co-operative savings bank is insured automatically by operation of 
law. 
Subject to applicable limitations, deposit insurance covers all claims arising from deposits held in Czech Koruna 
or in other currencies registered as credit balances on accounts or deposit books, or evidenced by a certificate of 
deposit, deposit slip or another comparable document, and any interest accrued on such deposits. The deposit 
insurance does not cover deposit claims of banks, foreign banks, financial institutions, health insurance companies, 
state funds and certain other entities, such as members of the management or certain significant shareholders of 
the bank. Claims from subordinated debt and bills of exchange and other securities are also not covered by deposit 
insurance. 
The level of insurance coverage is calculated by aggregating the insured deposits of each depositor with the 
particular bank. Since 1 January 2011, the amount that can be paid to a depositor under the scheme is equal to 
100 per cent. of the aggregate of its deposits and is capped at the amount of EUR 100,000 per depositor per bank. 
For this purpose, the amounts paid in respect of deposits on joint accounts are proportionately allocated to each 
joint account holder. Since 1 January 2016, legislation has defined exceptional cases where even higher 
compensation may be paid out for a defined period of time. This increased compensation can exceed the basic 
limit of EUR 100,000 by a maximum of an additional EUR 100,000. Such exceptional cases are e.g. deposit 
compensations for deposits resulting from real estate transactions related to private residential properties, 
settlement of the common property of spouses after divorce, insurance settlement (in the case of injury, illness, 
invalidity or death) and in other cases determined by law.  
A yearly contribution of a Czech bank to the Deposit Insurance Fund is calculated pursuant to a formula published 
by the CNB, which takes into account the amount of the insured deposits and the risk profile of the institution. In 
2023, the Issuer paid, on a consolidated basis, a yearly contribution to the Deposit Insurance Fund and the Crisis 
Resolution Fund in the amount of CZK 555 million. 
Remedial Measures and Penalties 
Under Czech law, banks are obliged to carry out their business in a prudential manner, in particular in a manner 
that does not impair the interests of depositors in respect of recoverability of their interests or endanger the bank’s 
safety and soundness. Banks are also required to observe all applicable legal rules and regulations, including the 
terms and conditions stipulated in their licence. If the CNB detects any shortcomings in the activities of a bank, 
it is authorised, among other things to: (i) require the bank to remedy the situation within a specified period by, 
for example, restricting some of the bank’s activities, replacing persons in the bank’s management or the bank’s 
Supervisory Board, or creating adequate provisions and reserves; (ii) change the bank’s licence by excluding or 
restricting some of the activities listed in the bank’s licence; (iii) order an extraordinary audit at the expense of 
the bank; (iv) impose a fine of up to CZK 50 million or, in some cases, of up to 10 per cent. of annual net turnover 
of the bank or the consolidated accounts of the parent undertaking; (v) require a reduction of the bank’s capital 
to cover any loss (to the extent that such loss is not covered by reserve funds and other funds), provided that the 
loss exceeds 20 per cent. of the bank’s equity; (vi) impose forced administration if the stability of the entire 
banking sector is endangered; and (vii) revoke the bank’s licence where serious shortcomings persist or when the 
bank is insolvent. The CNB is also authorised to apply certain other measures, which are linked mainly to capital 
adequacy. 
Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the CNB may further exercise a range of crisis prevention 
measures and crisis management measures, as described above.

--- Page 330 ---
- 330 - 
Additionally, the CNB is authorised to take measures consisting of suspending the rights of shareholders who 
acquire or increase a qualifying holding in a bank without the CNB’s consent or who operate to the detriment of 
the sound and prudent management of the bank.  
Consolidated Supervision 
Under the Czech Banking Act and the Prudential Rules Decree, Czech banks, branches of foreign banks 
established outside the EEA and other entities forming consolidated groups are also subject to supervision on a 
consolidated basis, which includes monitoring and regulating the risks to which Czech banks and branches of 
foreign banks established outside the EEA are exposed due to their membership in a consolidated group. 
As a general rule, consolidated groups controlled by a bank or financial holding entity seated in other EEA 
Member States are not subject to supervision by the CNB on a consolidated basis. 
The consolidated groups subject to supervision by the CNB on a consolidated basis are mainly obliged to comply 
with: (i) the requirements for the internal management and control system; (ii) the rules for capital requirements; 
(iii) the large exposure rules; (iv) the restrictions on qualified participation; and (v) the rules for disclosure of 
information. When exercising supervision on a consolidated basis, the CNB co-operates with authorities 
responsible for supervising banks and financial institutions in other countries and is entitled to exchange 
information with them.

--- Page 331 ---
- 331 - 
TAXATION 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF THE PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES 
AND THE ISSUER’S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME 
RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO 
CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, 
OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL 
TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF THE CZECH REPUBLIC AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY 
ARE RESIDENTS OR WHICH THEY MAY OTHERWISE BE LIABLE FOR TAXES. THE RESPECTIVE 
RELEVANT TAX LEGISLATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE 
NOTES. 
1. 
Disclosure of information in connection with payments 
General Information 
Pursuant to the Czech withholding tax rules applicable to the Eurobonds under the Czech Income Taxes Act as 
amended by the Act No. 609/2020 Coll. and Act No. 353/2021 Coll., unless exempt from tax or unless a Tax 
Treaty states otherwise, income payable by an issuer in respect of the Notes may be subject to the Withholding 
Tax and the Tax Security (as the case may be). 
As a withholding agent, the Issuer is liable, on a strict-liability basis, for (i) a proper withholding of any 
Withholding Tax and Tax Security (as the case may be) which are required to be withheld or deducted at source 
at an appropriate rate under any applicable law by or within the Tax Jurisdiction from any payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Notes as well as (ii) the granting of any relief therefrom (whether in the form of an 
exemption or application of a reduced rate) (a Tax Relief). The Issuer also bears the related burden of proof vis-
à-vis the tax authorities which necessitates, before any Tax Relief can be granted, collection of certain 
information and documentation concerning, in particular, the identity and country of tax residence of the recipient 
of a payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes (together with relevant evidence thereof) which 
would enable the Issuer to reliably establish that such recipient is a Beneficial Owner with respect to any such 
payment and that it meets all conditions for any applicable Tax Relief to be granted (the Beneficial Ownership 
Information).  
The tax relief at source and refund procedures for the Czech Republic implemented by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg which are designed to facilitate collection of the Beneficial Ownership Information 
are available at the website of the International Capital Market Services Association at www.icmsa.org, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (the Certification Procedures). Noteholders must seek their own 
professional advice to satisfy themselves that they comply with all the applicable procedures and any 
requirements thereunder (whether documentary or otherwise) to ensure a tax treatment of their Notes which duly 
reflects their particular circumstances for the purposes of applying any Withholding Tax, Tax Security and Tax 
Relief (as the case may be) and should consult the latest announcements in relation to the Certification Procedures 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
(https://my.euroclear.com/123 
and 
www.clearstream.com) and on the website of the International Capital Market Services Association 
(www.icmsa.org). None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Paying Agents or the ICSDs (or any other 
clearing system) assumes any responsibility therefor. 
Quick Refund Procedure 
The Beneficial Owners who are otherwise entitled to a Tax Relief and to whom the payments of interest and/or 
principal in respect of the Notes have been made net of any Withholding Tax or Tax Security, because the 
Beneficial Ownership Information under the Relief at Source Procedure could not, for any reason, be duly or 
timely collected, may be entitled to a refund of the amounts so withheld pursuant to the quick refund procedure 
as set out in the Certification Procedures (the Quick Refund Procedure).  
Standard Refund Procedure 
 
123 Only Euroclear participants will have access to the website.

--- Page 332 ---
- 332 - 
The Beneficial Owners who are otherwise entitled to a Tax Relief and to whom the payments of interest in 
respect of the Notes have been made net of any Withholding Tax, because the Beneficial Ownership Information 
under the Relief at Source Procedure or the Quick Refund Procedure could not, for any reason, be duly or timely 
collected may deliver correct, complete and accurate Beneficial Ownership Information to the Issuer no later 
than three years from the end of a calendar year in which the payments which were subject to any relevant 
withholdings with respect to Withholding Tax were made (the Standard Refund Procedure). 
The Beneficial Ownership Information shall be delivered to the address of the registered office of the Issuer, in 
person or by first class mail or (if posted from an address overseas) by airmail and marked for the attention of:  
Raiffeisenbank a.s.  
Taxes and Operating Accounting  
Hvězdova 1716/2b  
140 78 Prague 4 
Czech Republic 
and shall include the Beneficial Owner’s up-to-date contact details together with evidence of the Beneficial 
Owner’s holding of or interest in the relevant Notes, which shall be used by the Issuer for the purposes of any 
refund-related communication. 
The Issuer shall proceed in accordance with the then applicable laws of the Czech Republic and shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to obtain the refund or will inform the Beneficial Owner that it is not in position to process 
such request. Subject to the due and timely receipt of the Beneficial Ownership Information, if the Issuer in its 
sole and absolute discretion determines that it is entitled to file a refund claim with the Czech tax authorities for 
any previously withheld Withholding Tax and obtains a refund of any amounts so withheld, it shall pay any such 
amounts to the Beneficial Owner within ten Business Days of receipt thereof from the Czech tax authorities, net 
of a fixed amount specified in the Final Terms to cover the Issuer’s administrative costs and expenses pertaining 
to the refund claim. 
Any communication in respect of the Standard Refund Procedure shall be made directly between the Issuer and 
the relevant Beneficial Owner as Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Principal Paying Agent are 
not engaged in the Standard Refund Procedure. 
The Issuer may publish additional information in relation to the Standard Refund Procedure (including a change 
in contact details for delivery of the Beneficial Ownership Information) on the website of the Issuer. 
In case of any withholding for or on account of the Tax Security, the relevant Beneficial Owner must directly 
approach the Czech tax authorities. 
Bearer Notes and the Certification Procedures 
In addition, a concept of the Entitlement Date is reflected in the Terms and Conditions and this concept will also 
be taken into account for the purposes of the Certification Procedures and may adversely affect the Beneficial 
Owner’s eligibility for any Tax Relief to be granted under these procedures. 
2. 
Taxation in the Czech Republic 
The following is a general discussion of certain Czech tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Notes. This discussion does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Notes. As each Tranche of Notes may be subject to a different 
tax treatment due to the specific terms of such Tranche of Notes as set out in the respective Final Terms, the 
following section only provides some very general information on the possible tax treatment. In particular, this 
discussion does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. This 
overview is based on the laws of the Czech Republic currently in force and as applied on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. The information 
contained within this section are limited to taxation issues, and prospective investors should not apply any 
information set out below to other areas, including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the 
Notes.

--- Page 333 ---
- 333 - 
The description below represents a brief summary of selected material tax aspects of the purchase, holding and 
disposal of the Notes in the Czech Republic. The summary is mainly based on the Act No. 586/1992 Coll., on 
Income Taxes, as amended (Income Taxes Act), and on other related laws which are effective as at the date of 
this Prospectus as well as on the administrative practice or the prevailing interpretations of these laws and other 
regulations as applied by Czech tax, administrative and other authorities and bodies and as these are known to 
the Issuer at the date of this Prospectus. The information contained herein is neither intended to be nor should 
be construed as legal or tax advice. The description below is solely of a general nature (i.e. it does not take into 
account, for example, specific tax treatment of certain taxpayers such as investment, mutual or pension funds) 
and may change in the future depending on changes in the relevant laws that may occur after this date, or in the 
interpretation of these laws which may be applied after that date. In this respect, please note that the below 
description of Czech tax treatment of the Notes has been significantly affected by the Act No. 609/2020 Coll. 
(2021 ITA Amendment) and Act No. 353/2021 Coll. (2022 Banking Act Amendment), which amends some acts 
in the field of taxes and some other acts. The 2021 ITA Amendment has significantly changed the tax regime of 
notes issued after 31 December 2020. Subsequently, the 2022 Banking Act Amendment has reintroduced some 
provisions abolished by 2021 ITA Amendment. The new rules are quite controversial. Therefore, the tax regime 
of notes (including the Notes) is currently associated with many ambiguities. In the Issuer's opinion, the summary 
below represents a rational interpretation of the relevant provisions of the Income Taxes Act in relation to notes. 
The following summary assumes that the person to whom any income is paid in connection with the Notes is a 
beneficial owner of such income (within the OECD meaning of this term), i.e. it does not act, for example, as a 
proxy, agent, depositary or in any other similar position in which any such payments would be received on 
account of another person or entity. 
For the purposes of this section (Taxation), the following terms have the following meaning: 
Beneficial Owner means a holder of a Note if such holder is also a beneficial owner (within the OECD meaning 
of this term) in respect of income paid on or in connection with such Note or a recipient of such income who 
qualifies as a beneficial owner within the above meaning, in each case under the Income Taxes Act as well as 
for the purposes of a relevant Tax Treaty (if any). 
Czech Permanent Establishment means a permanent establishment in the Czech Republic under the Income 
Taxes Act as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty, if any. 
Coupon means any note yield other than a note yield that is determined by reference to the difference between 
the nominal value of a note and its issue price (i.e. yield determined as the Discount). For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Coupon also includes the Early Redemption Premium. 
Coupon Note means a note that has the issue price equal to its nominal value. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Coupon Note is not a note with a yield that is determined by reference to the combination of the Discount and 
the Coupon. 
Czech Tax Non-Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic neither under the Income 
Taxes Acts nor under any Tax Treaty. 
Czech Tax Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic under the Income Taxes Acts 
as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty, if any. 
Discount means a positive difference between the nominal value of a note and its lower issue price. 
Discounted Note means a note that has the issue price lower than the nominal value. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Discounted Note is also a note with a yield that is determined by the combination of the Discount and the 
Coupon. 
Early Redemption Premium means any extraordinary yield paid by an issuer in the event of early redemption 
of a note.

--- Page 334 ---
- 334 - 
Legal Entity means a taxpayer other than an individual (i.e. a taxpayer which is subject to corporate income tax 
but who may not necessarily have a legal personality). 
Non-Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident means the Czech Tax Non-Resident other than the Qualifying Czech 
Tax Non-Resident. 
Person Related Through Capital means every person (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) in a situation 
where (i) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, another person, or (ii) 
one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, several persons and, in each 
case, such participation (whether direct or indirect) constitutes at least 25 per cent. of the registered capital of, or 
25 per cent. of the voting rights in, such other person/persons. 
Relief at Source Procedure means a procedure whereby income proceeds are paid taking into account 
exemption and/or applicable reduced rate as foreseen by the applicable tax laws or under any applicable Tax 
Treaty. 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident means the Czech Tax Non-Resident (whether an individual or a Legal 
Entity) who (i) is not the Person Related Through Capital to the Issuer and (ii) has not created a legal relationship 
with the Issuer mainly for tax reasons (i.e. with the aim to reduce a tax base or to increase a tax loss). 
Tax Security means a special amount collected by means of a deduction at source made by the Withholding 
Agent (for example by the issuer of a note or by the buyer of a note) upon payment of taxable income which 
serves essentially as an advance with respect to tax that is to be self-assessed by the recipient of the relevant 
income (i.e. unlike the Withholding Tax, the amount so withheld does not generally represent a final tax liability). 
Tax Treaty means a valid and effective tax treaty concluded between the Czech Republic and another country 
under which the Czech Tax Non-Resident is treated as a tax resident of the latter country. In the case of Taiwan, 
the Tax Treaty is Act No. 45/2020 Coll., on the elimination of double taxation in relation to Taiwan, as amended. 
Withholding Agent means a payer of (taxable) income who is responsible for making the deduction of (i) the 
Withholding tax or (ii) the Tax Security, as applicable, and their remittance to the tax authorities. 
Withholding Tax means a tax collected by means of a deduction at source made by the Withholding Agent (for 
example by the issuer of the note) upon payment of taxable income. Save in certain limited circumstances, such 
tax is generally considered as final. 
Interest Income 
Czech Tax Residents 
(a) 
Individuals 
The yield in the form of the Coupon paid to an individual is subject to the Withholding Tax at a rate of 15 per 
cent. This tax represents final taxation of the Coupon in the Czech Republic. 
The yield in the form of the Discount paid to an individual is not subject to the Withholding tax or Tax Security. 
Instead, it is included in the general tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15 
per cent. and 23 per cent. depending on individual’s applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 36 
times the average wage amounting to CZK 1,582,812 in 2024). However, the general tax base does not include 
the amount of the Discount, but rather the (positive) difference between the nominal value of the Note paid by 
the Issuer (or another amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Note, but excluding the Early 
Redemption Premium, if any) and the price for which the individual acquired the Note. If an individual holds the 
Note, which is the Coupon Note, until its maturity (or early redemption) and this individual acquired such Note 
on a secondary market at an amount below the nominal value of the Note (or below other amount paid by the 
Issuer upon early redemption of the Note, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium, if any), such (positive) 
difference is also included in the individual’s general tax base.

--- Page 335 ---
- 335 - 
(b) 
Legal Entities 
The yield (whether in the form of the Discount or the Coupon) paid to a Legal Entity is not subject to the 
Withholding Tax, but it is rather included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a 
flat rate of 21 per cent. The Legal Entity which is an accounting unit is generally required to recognise the yield 
in its profit and loss statement on an accrual basis. 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Residents 
The yield from the Note (whether in the form of the Discount or the Coupon) paid to a Qualifying Czech Tax 
Non-Resident (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) is exempt from Czech taxation. 
Non-Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Residents 
(a) 
Individuals 
The yield in the form of the Coupon paid to an individual is subject to the Withholding Tax at a rate of 15 per 
cent. or 35 per cent. The 35 per cent. rate applies to recipients, which do not have Czech Permanent Establishment 
to which the Notes are attributable and, at the same time, are tax residents of neither (i) an EU/EEA member 
state nor (ii) a country with which the Czech Republic has an effective double tax treaty or an effective double 
(or multilateral) treaty on the exchange of information. The 15 per cent. rate applies to all other recipients. This 
tax generally represents a final taxation of the Coupon in the Czech Republic. However, an individual who is a 
tax resident of an EU/EEA member state may decide to include the Coupon in his/her tax return filed in the 
Czech Republic for the relevant tax year. In such a case, the above Withholding Tax represents an advance 
payment which is credited against the final Czech tax liability as declared in the tax return. 
The yield in the form of the Discount paid to an individual is not subject to the Withholding tax. Instead, it is 
included in the general tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15 per cent. and 
23 per cent. depending on individual’s applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 36 times the average 
wage amounting to CZK 1,582,812 in 2024). However, the general tax base does not include the amount of the 
Discount, but rather the (positive) difference between the nominal value of the Note paid by the Issuer (or another 
amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Note, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium, if 
any) and the price for which the individual acquired the Note. However, if the Notes are not attributable to the 
individual’s Czech Permanent Establishment, the taxable amount cannot exceed the Discount (i.e. if such 
difference is higher, the amount of the Discount will be included in the general tax base). Furthermore, if an 
individual is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state, the Issuer will withhold the Tax Security at the rate 
of 1 per cent. applicable to a gross amount paid (i.e. the nominal value of the Note upon the maturity or the 
amount paid by the Issuer upon an early redemption of the Note, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium, 
if any). This Tax Security is creditable against the final tax liability as declared in the Czech tax return for the 
relevant tax year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally refundable). If (i) an individual holds the Note, 
which is the Coupon Note, until its maturity (or its early redemption), (ii) this individual acquired such Note on 
a secondary market for an amount below its nominal value (or below the amount paid by the Issuer upon early 
redemption of the Note, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium, if any) and (iii) such Note is attributable 
to that individual’s Czech Permanent Establishment, such (positive) difference is also included in the individual’s 
general tax base. 
(b) 
Legal Entities 
The yield in the form of the Coupon paid to a Legal Entity, where the Note is not attributable to its Czech 
Permanent Establishment, is subject to the Withholding Tax at a rate of 15 per cent. or 35 per cent. The 35 per 
cent. rate applies to recipients, which are tax residents of neither (i) an EU/EEA member state nor (ii) a country 
with which the Czech Republic has an effective double tax treaty or an effective double (or multilateral) treaty 
on the exchange of information. The 15 per cent. rate applies to all other recipients. This tax generally represents 
final taxation of the Coupon in the Czech Republic. However, the Legal Entity who is a tax resident of an 
EU/EEA member state may decide to include the Coupon in its tax return filed in the Czech Republic for the 
relevant tax year. In such a case, the above Withholding Tax represents an advance payment which is credited

--- Page 336 ---
- 336 - 
against the final self-assessed tax liability as declared in the tax return. The yield in the form of the Coupon paid 
to a Legal Entity, where the Note is attributable to its Czech Permanent Establishment, is not subject to the 
Withholding Tax. Instead, it is included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a rate 
of 21 per cent. Furthermore, if the Legal Entity is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state, the Issuer will 
withhold a Tax Security at the rate of 10 per cent. applicable to the amount of the Coupon (on a gross basis). 
This Tax Security is creditable against the final tax liability as declared in a Czech tax return for the relevant tax 
year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally refundable). 
The yield in the form of the Discount paid to the Legal Entity is not subject to the Withholding tax. Instead, it is 
included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 21 per cent. However, the 
general tax base does not include the amount of the Discount, but rather the (positive) difference between the 
nominal value of the Note paid by the Issuer (or the amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the 
Note, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium) and the price at which the Legal Entity acquired the Note. 
However, if the Notes are not attributable to Legal Entity’s Permanent Establishment, the taxable amount cannot 
exceed the Discount (i.e. if such difference is higher, the amount of the Discount will be included in the general 
tax base). Furthermore, if the Legal Entity is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state, the Issuer will 
withhold the Tax Security at the rate of 1 per cent. applicable to gross amount (i.e. the nominal value of the Note 
at maturity or the amount paid by the Issuer upon an early redemption of the Note, but excluding the Early 
Redemption Premium). This Tax Security is creditable against the final tax liability as declared in the Czech tax 
return for the relevant tax year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally refundable). If (i) a Legal Entity 
holds the Note, which is the Coupon Note, until its maturity (or its early redemption), (ii) this Legal Entity 
acquired such Note on a secondary market for an amount below the nominal value of the Note (or below the 
amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Note, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium) 
and (iii) such Note is attributable to that Legal Entity’s Czech Permanent Establishment, such (positive) 
difference is also included in its general tax base. 
A Legal Entity which is an accounting unit and where the Notes are attributable to its Czech Permanent 
Establishment, is generally required to recognise the yield (whether in the form of the Discount or the Coupon) 
in its profit and loss statement on an accrual basis. 
Capital gains/losses 
Czech Tax Residents 
(a) 
Individuals 
Capital gains from the sale of the Notes that have not formed part of business assets of an individual are generally 
exempt from personal income tax if: 
• 
total annual (worldwide) gross income (i.e. not gains) of that individual from the sale of securities 
(including the Notes) does not exceed the amount of CZK 100,000, or 
• 
such gains are derived from the sales of the Notes which the individual has held for more than three 
years prior to their sale (however, income from a future sale of the Notes where a purchase agreement 
is concluded after 3 years but where income arises within 3 years from their acquisition is not tax-
exempt); as of 2025 this exemption is limited only up to total annual (worldwide) gross income (i.e. not 
gains) of that individual from the sale of securities (including the Notes) and the shares in companies in 
the amount of CZK 40,000,000. 
If the Notes formed part of business assets of an individual, the exemption upon their sale may still apply but 
only if the Notes are sold no earlier than 3 years after the termination of that individual’s business activities. 
Taxable gains from the sale of the Notes realised by an individual are included in the general tax base, which is 
subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15 per cent. and 23 per cent. depending on individual’s 
applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 36 times the average wage amounting to CZK 1,582,812 
in 2024). If an individual has held the Notes in connection with his/her business activities, such gains are also

--- Page 337 ---
- 337 - 
subject to social security and health insurance contributions. Losses from the sale of the Notes realised by an 
individual are generally tax non-deductible, except where such losses are compensated by taxable gains on the 
sales of other securities in the same year and the income from the sale of the Notes is not tax-exempt. 
(b) 
Legal Entities 
Capital gains from the sale of the Notes are included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income 
tax at a rate of 21 per cent. Losses from the sale of the Notes realised by Legal Entities are generally tax 
deductible. 
Czech Tax Non-residents 
Capital gains from the sale of the Notes realised by a Czech Tax Non-Resident are subject to taxation in the 
Czech Republic provided that: 
• 
the Notes are attributable to a Czech Permanent Establishment of the Czech Tax Non-Resident selling 
these Notes, or 
• 
the Notes are acquired by (i) a Czech Tax Resident or (ii) a Czech Tax Non-Resident acquiring the 
Notes through his/her/its Czech Permanent Establishment. 
Therefore, capital gains realised by a Czech Tax Non-Resident where the Notes are sold to another Czech Tax 
Non-Resident and where such Notes are attributable to neither (i) a Czech Permanent Establishment of the seller 
nor (ii) a Czech Permanent Establishment of the buyer, are out of scope of Czech taxation. 
(a) 
Individuals 
Capital gains from the sale of the Notes that have not formed part of business assets of an individual are generally 
exempt from personal income tax if: 
• 
total annual (worldwide) gross income (i.e. not gains) of that individual from the sale of securities 
(including the Notes) does not exceed the amount of CZK 100,000, or 
• 
such gains are derived from the sales of the Notes which the individual has held for more than three 
years prior to their sale (however, income from a future sale of the Notes where a purchase agreement 
is concluded after 3 years but where income arises within 3 years from their acquisition is not tax-
exempt); as of 2025 this exemption is limited only up to total annual (worldwide) gross income (i.e. not 
gains) of that individual from the sale of securities (including the Notes) and the shares in companies in 
the amount of CZK 40,000,000. 
If the Notes formed part of business assets of an individual, the exemption upon their sale may still apply but 
only if the Notes are sold no earlier than 3 years after the termination of that individual’s business activities. 
Taxable gains (as defined above) from the sale of the Notes realised by an individual are included in the general 
tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15 per cent. and 23 per cent. depending 
on individual’s applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 36 times the average wage amounting to 
CZK 1,582,812 in 2024). If an individual has held the Notes in connection with his/her business activities, such 
gains may also be subject to social security and health insurance contributions. Losses from the sale of the Notes 
realised by an individual are generally tax non-deductible, except where such losses are compensated by taxable 
gains on the sales of other securities in the same year and the income from the sale of the Notes is not tax-exempt. 
Furthermore, if the Notes are sold by an individual who is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state, a buyer 
acting as a Withholding Agent may be required to withhold a Tax Security amounting to 1 per cent. of the gross 
purchase price. The buyer will be act as a Withholding Agent if he/she/it is: 
• 
a Czech Tax Resident, or

--- Page 338 ---
- 338 - 
• 
a Czech Tax Non-Resident and the acquired Notes are attributable to his/her/its Czech Permanent 
Establishment. 
Any Tax Security withheld is creditable against the final tax liability as declared by the Czech Tax Non-Resident 
selling the Notes in a Czech tax return for the relevant tax year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally 
refundable). 
(b) 
Legal Entities 
Capital gains from the sale of the Notes, which are subject to Czech taxation (as defined above), are included in 
the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 21 per cent. Losses from the sale of the 
Notes realised by the Legal Entities are generally tax deductible. However, according to certain interpretations, 
such losses are not tax deductible for a Czech Tax Non-Resident who does not keep its accounting books under 
the Czech accounting rules. 
Furthermore, if the Notes are sold by a Legal Entity which is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state, 
a buyer acting as the Withholding Agent may be required to withhold a Tax Security amounting to 1 per cent. of 
the gross purchase price. The buyer will be acting as a Withholding agent if he/she/it is: 
• 
a Czech Tax Resident, or 
• 
a Czech Tax Non-Resident and the acquired Notes are attributable to his/her/its Czech Permanent 
Establishment. 
Any Tax Security withheld is creditable against the final tax liability as declared by the Czech Tax Non-resident 
selling the Notes in a Czech tax return for the relevant tax year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally 
refundable). 
Benefits under Tax Treaties 
A Tax Treaty may reduce or even fully eliminate Czech taxation of interest income from the Notes or capital 
gains from their sale (including a Tax Security withholding, if applicable). Such Tax Treaty relief is usually 
applicable on the condition that the income recipient who is a Czech Tax Non-Resident does not hold the Notes 
through his/her/its Czech Permanent Establishment. Furthermore, the entitlement to particular Tax Treaty 
benefits is generally conditional on presenting documents proving that the income recipient qualifies for the Tax 
Treaty benefits including, in particular (i) a tax residency certificate issued by the relevant tax authorities and (ii) 
a beneficial ownership declaration of the income recipient. Entitlement to particular Tax Treaty benefits may 
also be conditional on meeting further specific criteria under that Tax Treaty. 
Reporting Obligation 
An individual holding the Notes (whether a Czech Tax Resident or a Czech Tax Non-Resident) is obliged to 
report to the Czech tax authorities any income earned in connection with the Notes if such income is exempt 
from taxation in the Czech Republic and exceeds, in each individual case, CZK 5,000,000. The reporting must 
be fulfilled within the deadline for filing a personal income tax return. A non-compliance with this reporting 
obligation is penalized by a sanction of up to 15 per cent. of a gross amount of the unreported income. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Czech value added tax payable in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes, or 
in respect of the transfer of the Notes. 
Other taxes or duties

--- Page 339 ---
- 339 - 
No registration tax, capital tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty is payable 
in the Czech Republic by either the Czech Tax Resident or the Czech Tax Non-resident in respect of or in 
connection with the mere purchase, holding or disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 340 ---
- 340 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in the Dealer Agreement, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may 
from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such further agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealers and 
the commissions or other agreed deductions (if any) payable by the Issuer in respect of such purchases. 
In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and 
to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which 
it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have 
any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are in bearer form and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules (including any successor 
regulations or rules in substantially the same form as the TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules, as applicable, for 
the purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer 
or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each 
Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
In addition, 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the D Rules), each Dealer 
(i) has represented that it has not offered or sold, and has agreed that during the restricted period it will 
not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or 
to a United States person, and (ii) has represented that it has not delivered and agrees that it will not

--- Page 341 ---
- 341 - 
deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes in bearer form that are sold during 
the restricted period; 
(b) 
each Dealer has represented that it has and has agreed that throughout the restricted period it will have 
in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged 
in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted 
period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except 
as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, each Dealer has represented that it is acquiring the Notes in bearer form 
for purposes of resale in connection with their original issue and if it retains Notes in bearer form for its 
own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from it Notes in bearer form for the purpose of offering or 
selling such Notes during the restricted period, each Dealer has repeated and has confirmed the 
representations and agreements contained in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) on its behalf. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations 
thereunder, including the D Rules. 
European Economic Area 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a Member State), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(i) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a Non-exempt Offer), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 342 ---
- 342 - 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
In addition, the Subordinated Notes shall not be offered to a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II, unless all of the following conditions are fulfilled: 
(i)  
the Dealer has performed a suitability test in accordance with Article 25(2) of MiFID II; 
(ii) 
the Dealer is satisfied, on the basis of the test referred to in point (i), that the Subordinated Notes are 
suitable for that retail client; 
(ii) 
the Dealer has documents the suitability in accordance with Article 25(6) of MiFID II; 
(iv) 
if the financial instrument portfolio of that retail client does not, at the time of the purchase, exceed 
EUR 500,000 (or its equivalent) the Dealer shall ensure that: 
(A) 
such retail client does not invest an aggregate amount exceeding 10 % of that client's financial 
instrument portfolio in the Subordinated Notes; and 
(B) 
the initial investment amount invested by such retail client in the Subordinated Notes is at least 
EUR 10,000 or its equivalent.  
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (United Kingdom or UK) 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (FSMA), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of English 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English 
law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the

--- Page 343 ---
- 343 - 
Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may, make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a Public Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) 
is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such 
Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, 
as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a base prospectus pursuant to Article 85 of the FSMA or supplement a base prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in the 
United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and 
will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that 
any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document

--- Page 344 ---
- 344 - 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and 
exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian Financial Act, Regulation No. 
20307, Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993 as amended (the Banking Act) and any other 
applicable laws or regulation; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue 
of securities in Italy or by Italian persons outside of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or 
the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of 
any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation 
or entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 345 ---
- 345 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 2 April 2024. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus, Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under 
the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II and MiFIR respectively. 
Notes which are unlisted or to be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on another stock exchange or 
market may be issued under this Programme but only, in the case of Notes listed or admitted to trading on another 
stock exchange or market, if the Issuer ensures that all laws and regulations are complied with including, amongst 
others, any applicable requirements for notifications of competent authorities and other requirements set out in 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and markets.  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be €1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office 
of the Paying Agent for the time being in London and, in the case of documents listed under (b) and (e) also on 
the Issuer´s website www.rb.cz, where they will remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 years 
after their publication on the relevant websites:  
(a) 
the Founding Deed and Articles of Association of the Issuer (with an English translation thereof); 
(b) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 (drawn up in English or with an English translation thereof), 
in each case together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer currently 
prepares audited consolidated and non-consolidated accounts on an annual basis; 
(c) 
the Dealer Agreement and the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Sustainability Bond Framework and the SPO on the Sustainability Bond Framework;  
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(f) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes 
are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 346 ---
- 346 - 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg. 
Notification to the Czech National Bank 
Pursuant to Section 8a of the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act, the issuance of each Series and/or Tranche 
of the Notes must be notified to the Czech National Bank no later than on the date of issue of the relevant Notes 
setting out the place of issue and amount of relevant Series or Tranche and the form (in Czech, forma), yield and 
maturity of the relevant Notes. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance since 31 December 2023 or the financial 
position of the Issuer or the Raiffeisen Group since 31 December 2023 and there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Raiffeisen Group is or has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have had in such a 
period a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Raiffeisen Group. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any contracts (excluding contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) 
which are, or may be, material or which contain a provision under which the Issuer or another member of the 
Raiffeisen Group has an obligation or entitlement which is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations 
to security holders in respect of securities to be issued under the Programme. 
Auditors 
The auditor of the Issuer, who has audited the Issuer's consolidated financial statements as of and for each of the 
two financial years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, is Deloitte Audit, s.r.o. (the Auditor), 
member of the Chamber of Auditors of the Czech Republic, registration number 079.  
The statutory auditor responsible for the audit of the Issuer's consolidated financial statements as of and for the 
financial years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 is Mr. David Batal, registration number 
2147. 
The Issuer states that neither the Auditor nor any of its members has any significant interest in the Issuer. In 
connection with this statement, the Issuer especially took into account the Auditor's potential ownership of 
securities issued by the Issuer, the Auditor's potential prior participation in any governing bodies of the Issuer, 
and/or the Auditor's potential affiliation with other entities involved in the Issue. The reports of the auditor of 
the Issuer are included or incorporated in this Base Prospectus with the consent of the auditor who has authorised 
the contents of that part of this Base Prospectus. 
Post-issuance information 
In accordance with the Sustainability Bond Framework, the Issuer will annually make available the Allocation 
and Impact Report on the use of proceeds from any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes outstanding 
under the Sustainability Bond Framework. Reporting will be provided on an annual basis until full allocation 
and thereafter until the maturity of the Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes. 
The Allocation and Impact Report is expected to disclose the amount of the Green Notes, Social Notes or 
Sustainability Notes proceeds outstanding, the total amount of the proceeds allocated to eligible loans and the

--- Page 347 ---
- 347 - 
unallocated amount. It shall also disclose, qualitative and where possible, quantitative indicators of the eligible 
green, social and sustainable loan portfolio, such as: 
(a) 
total volume of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes issued; 
(b) 
total amount and number of eligible loans; 
(c) 
total amount of proceeds allocated to eligible loans;  
(d) 
breakdown by eligible categories; and 
(e) 
balance of unallocated proceeds, if any. 
The Allocation and Impact Report will be made available on the website of the Issuer www.rb.cz.

--- Page 348 ---
- 348 - 
INDEX 
$ 
7 
€ 
7 
€STR 
42 
2021 ITA Amendment 
333 
2022 Banking Act Amendment 
333 
Alternative Performance Measures 
4 
Alternative Reference Rates 
41 
ARRC 
42 
AT 1 
325 
Auditor 
346 
Banking Package 
26 
Base Prospectus 
1 
Basel Committee 
27 
Basel II 
27 
Basel III 
27 
BCBS 
325 
BCM 
305 
BCPs 
305 
Bearer Notes 
1 
Benchmark 
40 
Benchmarks 
40 
Benchmarks Regulation 
5, 40 
Beneficial Owner 
333 
Beneficial Ownership Information 
331 
BRRD 
26 
BRRD I 
26 
BRRD II 
27 
Brussels I Recast 
285 
Capital Adequacy Directives 
27 
CBA 
20 
CBF 
10 
CEE 
16 
Certification Procedures 
331 
CIO 
314 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
10 
CMDI 
25 
CMS Spread Notes 
42 
CNB 
16 
CNB Act 
324 
Code 
340 
Conditions 
57 
COO 
314 
Coupon 
333 
Coupon Note 
333 
COVID-19 
14 
CRA Regulation 
1 
CRD 
25 
CRD IV 
27 
CRD V 
27 
CRO 
316 
CRR 
31 
CRR I 
27 
CRR II 
27 
CSSF 
1 
Czech Auditors Act 
317, 324 
Czech Banking Act 
293 
Czech Capital Markets Act 
294 
Czech Consumer Credit Act 
324 
Czech Corporations Act 
294 
Czech Financial Conglomerates Act 
324 
Czech Insolvency Act 
32 
Czech Koruna 
7 
Czech Permanent Establishment 
333 
Czech Recovery and Resolution Act 
324 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act 
26 
Czech Tax Non-Resident 
333 
Czech Tax Resident 
333 
CZK 
7 
D Rules 
340 
Dealer 
1 
Dealer Agreement 
1 
Dealers 
1 
Deposit Insurance Fund 
328 
Discount 
333 
Discounted Note 
333 
distributor 
6 
DOJ 
295 
DRPs 
305 
DSTI 
20 
DTI 
20 
Early Redemption Premium 
333 
EBA 
25 
EBRD 
297 
ECB 
17, 42 
EEA 
1, 5 
EGAP 
297 
EIB 
297 
Eligible Projects 
47 
Emergency Intervention Regulation 
24 
Entitlement Date 
45 
Equa bank 
301 
ESG 
5 
ESG ratings 
5 
ESMA 
1 
EU 
14 
EU Banking Reform 
326 
EU Green Bond Regulation 
4 
EU Taxonomy Regulation 
4 
EUR 
7 
euro 
7 
Euroclear 
10 
EUWA 
6, 342 
FIEA 
344 
Final Terms 
1 
Fixed Rate Notes 
40 
FSMA 
6, 342 
FWR 
298 
GDPR 
28 
Generally Authorised Offerors 
51 
Holders' Representative 
49 
ICSD 
10 
ICT 
22 
IFC 
297 
IFRS 
4 
Income Taxes Act 
333 
ING 
302 
Insurance Distribution Directive 
6, 341 
Invasion of Ukraine 
15

--- Page 349 ---
- 349 - 
IRB 
326 
ISS 
287 
Issuer 
1 
LCR 
27 
Legal Entity 
334 
listed 
1 
LNG 
16 
LTV 
20 
Luxembourg Law 
1 
Market Interest Rate 
46 
Member State 
341 
MiFID II 
1, 341 
MiFID II Product Governance 
6 
MiFID Product Governance Rules 
6 
Moody’s 
1 
MREL 
25 
MREL Eligible Notes 
33 
Non-exempt Offer 
51, 341 
Non-Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident
 
334 
Noteholder 
10 
Noteholders 
10 
Notes 
1 
NSFR 
27 
OECD 
94 
OFAC 
295 
Option 
57 
Options 
57 
Person Related Through Capital 
334 
PRIIPs Regulation 
6 
Programme 
1 
Prospectus Regulation 
1, 341, 342 
Prudential Rules Decree 
325 
PSD2 
17 
PSD3 
17 
PSR 
17 
Public Offer 
343 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident 
334 
Quick Refund Procedure 
331 
Raiffeisen Group 
293 
Raiffeisen-Leasing 
294 
Rating Agency 
1 
RBI 
16 
RBI Group 
23 
RDI 
294 
relevant Dealer 
1 
Relief at Source Procedure 
334 
RFI 
295 
RIS 
294 
RSTS 
294 
Russian Subsidiaries 
295 
SchVG 
49 
Securities Act 
2 
SFDR 
4 
SPO 
4 
SREP 
25 
SRM Regulation 
25 
Standard Refund Procedure 
332 
Step-down Notes 
40 
Step-up Notes 
40 
Step-up/Step-down Notes 
40 
Sustainability Bond Framework 
287 
Tax Relief 
43, 331 
Tax Security 
334 
Tax Treaty 
334 
Terms and Conditions 
57 
Tier 1 
325 
Tier 2 
325 
Tier 2 Capital 
35 
Tier 2 Eligible Notes 
33 
U.S. $ 
7 
U.S. dollars 
7 
UK 
6 
UK MiFIR Product Governance 
6 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
6 
UK PRIIPs Regulation 
6 
UK Prospectus Regulation 
6, 343 
UNIQA 
295 
VaR 
23 
Withholding Agent 
334 
Withholding Tax 
334

--- Page 350 ---
ISSUER 
 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
Hvězdova 1716/2b 
140 78 Prague 4 
Czech Republic 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Am Stadtpark 9 
1030 Vienna 
Austria 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
Am Stadtpark 9 
Hvězdova 1716/2b 
1030 Vienna 
140 78 Prague 4 
Austria 
Czech Republic 
 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London, E14 5LB 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to German law 
To the Dealers as to Czech law 
White & Case LLP 
White & Case, s.r.o., advokátní kancelář 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
Na Příkopě 14 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
110 00 Prague 1 
Germany 
Czech Republic 
To the Issuer as to German law 
To the Issuer as to Czech law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Allen & Overy (Czech Republic) LLP, 
organizační složka 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2 
Karolinská 707/7 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
186 00 Prague 
Germany 
Czech Republic 
 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte Audit s.r.o. 
Italská 2581/67 
120 00 Prague 2 
Czech Republic