--- Page 1 ---
Prospectus dated 16 July 2021 
This document contains a base prospectus (the "Prospectus") within the meaning set forth by Article 8(1) of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").  
 
RAIFFEISENBANK AUSTRIA D.D. 
(incorporated as joint stock company in Croatia) 
EUR 500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the EUR 500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Prospectus (the "Programme"), 
Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d. (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes in bearer form (the "Notes"), including: 
(i) ordinary senior notes (the "Ordinary Senior Notes"); (ii) ordinary senior eligible notes (the "Ordinary Senior Eligible 
Notes") and non-preferred senior eligible notes (the "Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes") (the Ordinary Senior Eligible 
Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes together, the "Eligible Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued under the Programme outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg act 
relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières 
et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). The CSSF only approves this 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Prospectus. Neither does the CSSF give any undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Prospectus has been prepared to admit Notes issued under the Programme to trading on a regulated market in accordance 
with Article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation and Notes will be placed with investors in reliance on exemptions for public 
offers provided in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to list Notes issued under the 
Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to admit Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") (a "Regulated Market"). 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer (www.rba.hr). For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the 
aforementioned websites does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities 
of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
The validity of this Prospectus ends upon expiration of 16 July 2022. There is no obligation to supplement this Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Arranger 
RAIFFEISEN BANK INTERNATIONAL AG 
Dealers 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d.

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and any Final Terms and 
declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Prospectus is, in accordance 
with the facts and this Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Other relevant information 
This Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final 
Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Obligation of the Issuer with regard to a supplement 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus or publish a new prospectus if 
and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete, and has further agreed 
with the Dealers to furnish a supplement to this Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus, as applicable 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of an issue of Notes and which arises or is noted between the 
time when this Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any tranche of Notes offered to the 
public or, as the case may be, when trading of any tranche of Notes on a Regulated Market begins, 
whichever occurs later, in respect of such Notes. 
Investors shall be aware that a supplement to this Prospectus may be published. Such a supplement will be 
published on the Issuer's website (www.rba.hr) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).  
Obligations of the Financial Intermediaries with regard to a supplement 
Where the Notes are purchased or subscribed through a financial intermediary, that financial intermediary 
shall inform holders of the Notes (each a "Holder") of the possibility of a supplement being published, 
where and when it would be published and that the financial intermediary would assist them in exercising 
their right to withdraw acceptances in such case. The financial intermediary shall contact those Holders of 
the Notes by the end of the first working day following that on which the supplement is published. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or 
made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer 
or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts 
or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue 
and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale 
or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained 
in this Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably 
likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the 
date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. None of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers.

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery 
of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not 
be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC"), 
ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED 
UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY 
OR ADEQUACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS 
A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that 
any recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each 
recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i)  
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained in this 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii)  
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and 
the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii)  
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv)  
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of the 
relevant underlying, if any; and 
(v)  
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial Notes. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial Notes as standalone investments. They purchase complex financial Notes as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolio. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial Notes unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes, the likelihood of 
cancellation of payment of principal, payment of distributions or a write-down of the Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. Each potential investor in 
the Notes should determine the suitability of such investment in light of its own circumstances and have

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the Notes, including the 
possibility that the entire principal amount of the Notes could be lost. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended)  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which may outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to 
each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates, including the 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"). Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). As at the date 
of this Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), the administrator of EURIBOR, is 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") under the Benchmark Regulation and the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR") does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation. If any other 
reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not such 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) 
of the EU Benchmark Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmark 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not 
intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Notes issued as Environmental, Social and/or Corporate Governance Bonds ("ESG Bonds") 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment 
of any Notes issued as ESG Bonds and none of the Issuer nor the Dealers makes any representation or 
warranty or assurance as to whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the 
use of proceeds for any Notes issued as ESG Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. 
No representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any 
opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as 
ESG Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer to buy, 
sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to 
trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or 
admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.  
Certain definitions 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended and references to 
HRK are to Croatian kuna. 
Certain figures included in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in 
certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", "expect", 
"plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than 
statements of historical fact included in this Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the 
financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer 
are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Issuer's actual results, performance or achievements, 
or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking 
statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's 
present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer expects to operate in the 
future. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer". Any forward-
looking statements made by or on behalf of the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer 
does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with 
regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. 2 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .................................................................................................... 6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 10 
ISSUE PROCEDURES .............................................................................................................................. 36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 38 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ORDINARY SENIOR NOTES ........................................................ 39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ELIGIBLE NOTES .......................................................................... 58 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 87 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 106 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER........................................................................................................... 107 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 127 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS ...................................... 128 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 130 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 132 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................ 133

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Issue of Notes 
Notes will be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche"), each Tranche consisting of Notes which are identical 
in all respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and 
are identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices 
and dates for first interest payments may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as 
part of an existing Series. The specific terms of each Tranche will be determined at the time of offering of 
such Tranche based on then prevailing market conditions and will be set forth in the applicable final terms 
(the "Final Terms") (the form of which is contained herein). 
Programme Amount 
This Programme is for the issuance of Notes under which the Issuer may, from time to time, issue Notes in 
accordance with and subject to all applicable laws and regulations and denominated in any currency, subject 
as set out herein. 
The following description is an abstract presentation of the possible structures through which Notes may 
be issued under the terms of this Prospectus and does not refer to a specific issue of Notes which will be 
issued under the terms of this Prospectus. 
The actual aggregate principal amount of all Notes issued and from time to time outstanding will not exceed 
EUR 500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be agreed and specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum 
denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in 
such other currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000 at the time of the trade date of 
the Notes. The Notes may be issued, either directly by the Issuer to the investors or to one or more of the 
Dealers which expression shall, where used in this Prospectus, include any additional Dealer(s) appointed 
under this Programme from time to time. 
Notes will be issued with a minimum maturity of twelve months or more. 
The Issuer will have the option at any time to increase the amount of the Programme, subject to the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale") (including the preparation 
of a supplement to this Prospectus or a new prospectus) as the Dealers, the relevant competent authority or 
the relevant Stock Exchange may reasonably request. 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes are freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant clearing system 
and may be offered to investors on a non-syndicated or a syndicated basis. The method of distribution of 
each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. With respect to the categories of potential investors 
the Notes are not subject to any restrictions except for the selling restrictions mentioned in section 
Subscription and Sale. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
In relation to Notes intended to be listed and issued under this Programme, application has been made to 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to list the Programme and such Notes on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg). Application may be made additionally to any other or further stock 
exchange to admit such Notes to trading on any other or further Regulated Markets or other market 
segments of such other or further stock exchanges. In this Prospectus, references to "Listed Notes" (and all 
related references) shall mean, in relation to Notes issued under the Programme, that such Notes are listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other or further stock exchange, as the 
case may be. 
The Programme allows for Notes to be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) or traded on other 
market segments (e.g. unregulated market (Freiverkehr)) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) or as determined by the Issuer. Notes not listed on any stock exchange may also be 
issued.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
The issue specific details applicable to the respective Notes are determined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgium) ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42, Avenue J. F. 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg) ("CBL") (or its legal successors as the case may be). 
Security Code 
The International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN"), Common Code (if any), and the German 
Security Code Number (if any) for each Series of Notes or any other security code will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
This section describes specific risks regarding the Issuer which are regarded by the Issuer to be material in 
respect of the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under Notes issued by the Issuer and of which the Issuer 
is currently aware. 
The Issuer has assessed the materiality of risks based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of the negative impact such occurrence may cause to the Issuer and the effect on the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations under securities issued by the Issuer. The Issuer has also taken into account 
in respect of such assessment the principles and outcomes of its internal capital adequacy assessment 
process. In addition, each of the Issuer related risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading 
price of the securities to be issued or the rights of investors under the securities to be issued and, as a result, 
investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
Investors should consider the following specific and material risk factors and in addition all other 
information contained in this Prospectus and consult their own professional advisers prior to any decision 
to purchase debt securities issued by the Issuer. 
Investors shall also be aware that there may be additional risks regarding the Issuer which are not regarded 
to be material or of which the Issuer is currently not aware but which may nevertheless affect the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations under securities issued by the Issuer. It is also possible that risks described 
herein may combine and intensify one another. 
The risk factors are divided into the following categories depending on their nature: 
1 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1.1 
Risks relating to the business of the Issuer 
1.2 
Economic and political risks 
1.3 
Risks relating to legal and regulatory matters and litigation 
1.4 
Other material risks relating to the Issuer 
2 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
2.1 
Risks relating to all Notes 
2.2 
Risks specifically relating to Eligible Notes 
2.3 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes 
2.4 
Risks relating to the specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
2.5 
Other material risks relating to the Notes 
1.1 
Risks relating to the business of the Issuer 
Outbreaks of disease can have a severe and lingering impact on banking operations, the social and 
economic environment, and financial market developments. 
Pandemics, epidemics and outbreaks of infectious diseases, such as the recent outbreak of the novel 
coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) and the disease it causes ("COVID-19") can have an unforeseen impact on 
banking operations, the social and economic environment, and financial market developments.

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
A protracted uncertainty may include several negative consequences for the Issuer, including but not limited 
to: 
• 
Temporary moratoria in particular for private individuals and small companies on their credit 
obligations towards the Issuer. The following relevant lex specialis were enacted in connection 
with COVID-19 moratorium measures in Croatia: 
• 
Amendments to the Execution of Enforcement on Cash Act (OG 47/20), 
• 
The Intervention Measures in Enforcement and Bankruptcy Proceedings for the Duration 
of Special Circumstances Act (OG 53/20, 83/20), and 
• 
The CNB Circular letter regarding COVID 19, Urbr. 180/020/19-03-20/BV, Urbr. 
348/020/20-7/BV. 
• 
Economic downturn, shifts in consumer behaviour, diminished business and consumer confidence, 
inflation and market volatility, currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
• 
Increasing levels of temporary unemployment among the Issuer's customers, which may lead to 
their inability to service their debt obligations towards the Issuer; 
• 
Although the risks decreased in recent periods in the context of the newly developed vaccines, the 
possibility remains for workforce disruptions due to illness or employee refusal to work on-site 
due to perceived risk of contagion; 
• 
Any deterioration of the financial market conditions as a result of such an outbreak might 
negatively impact the Issuer's liquidity position. 
Despite the significant actions undertaken by international and local authorities during 2020 and 2021 
combatting the short-term negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the pace of the economic recovery 
remains uncertain. Also due to the novelty of many such measures, long term impact and effects cannot be 
fully assessed, and uncertainty will linger for a significant period, triggering potential negative 
consequences for the business prospects of the Issuer. There can be no assurance that governmental or other 
actions would result in prompt and adequate improvement of such market conditions in the future, should 
the situation deteriorate further or further restrictions are imposed, or current or new restrictions persist for 
a prolonged period of time. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the COVID-19 pandemic is ongoing and the scale and economic impact 
of the outbreak remains unknown. The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting disruption of market conditions 
globally, the potentially severe impact on many, if not most, business segments, the Issuer's operational 
capabilities, as well as the valuation of market assets and market access to manage liquidity could materially 
adversely affect the Issuer's business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition, as well as its 
ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer may experience deterioration in credit quality of its loan portfolio and is exposed to the risk 
of defaults by its counterparties, particularly as a result of financial crises or economic downturns. 
The Issuer is, and may in the future continue to be, exposed to the risk that a counterparty (e.g. borrower or 
a market participant contracting with the Issuer) may not repay its loans or perform its obligations according 
to their contractual terms, that the collateral or income stream securing the payment of these loans may be 
insufficient, or that legislation is imposed setting fixed exchange rates for loans in foreign currencies. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk in particular with respect to its lending activities with retail and corporate 
customers, financial institutions, local and central governments, as well as other activities such as its trading 
and settlement activities. Historically, credit risk has been higher during periods of economic downturn, 
such as the aftermath of the 2008 global financial crisis or more recently as a result of the outbreak of the 
current COVID-19 pandemic. Volatile economic conditions may substantially aggravate credit risk 
resulting in an increase of non-performing loans ("NPL"). Such developments could be amplified by money 
market interest rates which would negatively affect the ability of customers to repay their loans and thus 
contribute to increased credit risk. In particular if the low level of market interest rates comes to an end and 
interest rates increase, the rate of non-performing loans may increase, the provisioning of which would

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
diminish the Issuer's profits and could negatively affect the equity and the goodwill of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the Issuer's loan portfolio and other financial assets might be impaired which might result in 
a withdrawal of deposits and decreased demand for the Issuer's products. 
The real estate market prices have generally shown an upward trend in the last years. Collateral values are 
strongly correlated to the real estate market price development and if the market conditions take a turn for 
the worse, collateral values may be negatively influenced. Market price reductions would lead to a decline 
of the collateralisation ratio of the existing loan portfolios of the Issuer as well as to potential reduced 
collateral recoveries in case of default of its borrowers. 
Deterioration in the quality of the Issuer's credit portfolio and increases in NPL levels result in increased 
credit risk costs for the Issuer. The Issuer's risk costs are based on, among other things, its analysis of 
probabilities of default and loan management methods and the valuation of underlying assets and expected 
available income of clients, as well as other assumptions of the Issuer, made in order to determine the credit 
risk cost as well as the capital requirements for addressing such risk. The Issuer's analyses and assumptions 
may prove to be inadequate and might result in inaccurate predictions of ongoing or future credit 
performance. 
There can be no assurances that the current provisioning ratio will not increase in the future, or that the 
coverage ratio for the associated risks (including the NPL coverage ratio) will prove to be sufficient. 
Should actual credit risk exceed current estimates on which net allocations to provisioning have been made, 
the Issuer's loan loss provisions could be insufficient to cover losses. This would have a material adverse 
impact on the Issuer's financial position and results of operations and could affect the Issuer's ability to 
meet its obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer is subject to operational risks. 
The Issuer's businesses are dependent on the ability to process a very large number of transactions 
efficiently and accurately. Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to 
document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with the 
applicable regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules, equipment failures, natural disasters or 
the failure of external systems, for example, those of the Issuer's suppliers or counterparties. There is a risk 
that the Issuer's risk control and loss mitigation actions are not effective in preventing and controlling each 
of the operational risks. The Issuer may also suffer service interruptions from time to time due to failures 
by third-party service providers and natural disasters, which are beyond its control. Such interruptions may 
affect the services provided to clients. The main components of operational risk in the Issuer are: 
• 
Execution risk - such risk arises from losses from failed transaction processing or process 
management, from relations with trade counterparties and vendors. It can materialise in 
deficiencies and/or errors in the origination of products and transactions, or failed execution or 
omission of contractual obligations and constitutes a major risk driver for the Issuer. The increasing 
number of outsourcings and the complexity of services can significantly alter its risk profile. 
• 
Conduct risk - the current or prospective risk of losses to the Issuer arises from inappropriate supply 
of financial services including cases of wilful or negligent misconduct or not acting in the best 
interest of its clients. 
• 
Fraud risk - such risk arises from losses due to acts of a type intended to defraud, misappropriate 
property or circumvent regulations, the law or company policy, excluding diversity/discrimination 
events, involving an internal or external party. 
• 
ICT risk - the risk of loss arises due to breach of confidentiality, failure of integrity of systems and 
data, inappropriateness or unavailability of systems and data, or inability to change the IT within a 
reasonable time and costs when the environment or business requirements change (i.e. agility). The 
ICT systems, the increasing usage of cloud services, project management and aging architecture 
have a potential impact from their failures on the Issuer and on the financial sector as a whole due 
to interlinkages between the Issuer and third party institutions, also in the cross-border context. 
• 
Legal risk (impact) - such risk arises due to the possibility that failure to meet contractual 
obligations, initiated court proceedings against credit institutions and business decisions taken

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
which are found to be unenforceable, might have a negative impact on the Issuer's business 
operation or financial position. Furthermore, it means the risk from a claim or proceeding due to 
non-compliance with legal and legislative provisions of national or international origin or from 
contractual arrangements or internal rules and/or ethical conduct deriving from national or 
international norms and practices or statutory responsibilities. It also includes the exposure to 
newly enacted laws as well as to changes in interpretations of existing laws. 
• 
Compliance risk - there is the possibility to incur legal or regulatory sanctions, including 
restrictions on business activities, fines or enhanced reporting requirements, in case of failure to 
comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, related self-regulatory organisation standards and 
codes of conduct applicable to the Issuer's banking activities. Compliance risk materialises itself 
in fines imposed by the financial market authorities competent for the Issuer (i.e. the Croatian 
National Bank ("CNB") and the Croatian Financial Services Supervisory Agency). 
If the Issuer would have such difficulties in its operational activity, this could have a material adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates. 
As the Issuer derives the majority (i.e. around 63% as at 31 December 2020) of its operating income from 
net interest income, the risk of adverse interest rate changes is a significant risk to which the Issuer's non-
traded portfolios are exposed. Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, such 
as inflation, monetary and fiscal policies set by the CNB and by the Government of the Republic of Croatia, 
monetary policy decisions of the European Central Bank ("ECB") in connection with the EUR, the 
liberalisation of financial services, increased competition, as well as domestic and international economic 
and political conditions. Changes in the absolute level of interest rates can affect the spread between the 
rate of interest that a financial institution pays to borrow funds from its depositors and other lenders and 
the rate of interest that it charges on loans it extends to its customers. To the extent the interest margin 
decreases, net interest income will also decrease, unless the Issuer is able to compensate such decrease by 
increasing the total amount of funds it lends to its customers. Low interest rate monetary policy of central 
banks, which is accompanied by quantitative easing brings additional challenges to interest margin stability 
as the potential to re-price customers' deposits is limited. Additionally, in a very low or negative interest 
rate environment, the Issuer will have increased costs of maintaining the regulatory and prudential liquidity 
buffers held in low yield highly liquid assets. An increase in rates charged to customers can also negatively 
impact interest income if it reduces the amount of customer borrowings. For competitive reasons, the Issuer 
may choose to raise rates of interest it pays on deposits without being able to make a corresponding increase 
in the interest rates it charges to its customers. Finally, a mismatch in the structure of interest-bearing assets 
and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period could, in the event of changes in interest rates, reduce 
the Issuer's net interest margin. 
As a result of the above, interest rate fluctuations and, in particular, decreasing interest rate margins could 
negatively affect the Issuer's net interest income and have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect the Issuer's results of operations. 
A significant portion of the Issuer's assets and liabilities is denominated in foreign currencies, particularly 
in EUR. The Issuer translates such assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on such assets 
and liabilities, and gains/losses realised upon the sale of such assets, to HRK in preparing its financial 
statements. Fluctuations in the rate of exchange of such currencies into HRK may have a negative impact 
on the Issuer's reported consolidated results of operations, financial position and yearly cash flows. 
However, the Republic of Croatia entered into the European exchange rate mechanism II ("ERM II") 
procedure in course of the EUR introduction which is expected in the next period (i.e. a period of at least 
two years). Thus, the potential negative impact of EUR/HRK movements on the Issuer's business is lower. 
The Issuer is subject to the risk that liquidity may not be readily available. 
The Issuer relies on customer deposits to meet a substantial portion of its funding requirements. Customer 
deposits are subject to fluctuation due to factors outside the Issuer's control, and the Issuer can provide no 
assurance that it will not experience a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time. A

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
significant portion of the Issuer's funding comes from its deposit base, therefore any material decrease in 
deposits could have a negative impact on the Issuer's liquidity. 
As a credit provider, the Issuer is exposed to market liquidity risk, which arises from an inability to easily 
sell an asset because there is inadequate market liquidity or market disruption. The Issuer is also exposed 
to funding liquidity risk, which is an exposure to additional expenditure arising out of a change in the cost 
of refinancing, or from a spread over a certain horizon and confidence level, or from insolvency of 
counterparties, which may result in difficulties in meeting future payment obligations, either in full, on time 
or on economically beneficial terms. 
If the Issuer has difficulty in securing adequate sources of short- and long-term liquidity or if it were subject 
to material deposit outflows, this could negatively affect the Issuer's ability to comply with the applicable 
regulatory and commercial liquidity requirements, and have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Global conditions may in different ways have a material adverse effect on the Issuer. 
The Issuer is directly and through its clients connected to the global financial system and dependent on 
exchange rates, financial asset prices and liquidity flows. Geopolitical uncertainties may impact financial 
markets, trade and so the Issuer's clients. The current ultra-low interest environment creates further pressure 
on the financial sectors globally. Monetary policy in the future will depend on inflation and due to these 
unprecedented policies could vary from the foreseen path in either direction at a fast pace and without prior 
notice. Variance in monetary policy may result also in increased volatility in debt and foreign exchange 
markets. The Issuer might continue to face unpredictable monetary moves. Global monetary policy might 
have helped to build significant exaggeration in various asset classes such as equity, housing and bonds and 
these asset prices could also correct swiftly and markedly which would also affect the Issuer due to doing 
business in such asset classes. 
Any suspension, downgrade or withdrawal of the Issuer's credit ratings by an international rating agency 
could have a negative impact on its business. 
Any adverse revisions to the Issuer's credit ratings for domestic or international debt by international rating 
agencies may adversely impact the credit rating of its indebtedness (including the Notes), the Issuer's ability 
to raise additional financing via debt issuances and the interest rates and other commercial terms under 
which such additional financing is available. Any suspension, downgrade or withdrawal of the Issuer's 
credit ratings by an international rating agency could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
liquidity position, competitive position, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Issuer's operational systems and networks may become vulnerable to an increasing risk of 
continually evolving cyber security or other technological risks. 
A significant portion of the Issuer's operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and 
transmission of confidential and other information as well as the monitoring of a large number of complex 
transactions on a constant basis. The Issuer stores an extensive amount of information (including personal 
data) specific to its clients (natural or legal persons) for its retail, corporate and governmental customers 
and clients and must accurately record and reflect their extensive account transactions. The proper 
functioning of the Issuer's payment systems, financial and sanctions controls, risk management, credit 
analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and other IT systems, as well as the communication 
networks existent between the branches and working points of the Issuer and its main data processing 
centres, is critical to the Issuer's operations. If the respective services cannot be supplied uninterruptedly, 
particularly in the case where updates may be necessary for a proper delivery of new or extended products 
and services, then these systems might not entirely support the Issuer's activity, as this activity is conditional 
upon the continuous and uninterrupted performance of these systems. 
These activities have been, and will continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of cyber-attacks, the nature 
of which is continually evolving. The financial sector remains an interesting target for cyber criminals, 
there being an increasing level of sophistication in both, criminal and nation state hacking for the purpose 
of stealing money, stealing, destroying or manipulating data and/or disrupting operations. The Issuer's 
computer systems, software and networks may become vulnerable to unauthorised access, loss or 
destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability of service, 
computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber-attacks and other events. These threats may derive from

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties or may result from accidental 
technological failure. Third parties with which the Issuer does business under stringent contractual 
agreements may also be sources of cyber security or other technological risks. Unauthorised access, loss or 
destruction of data or other cyber incidents could occur, resulting in similar costs and consequences to the 
Issuer as those discussed above. The risks associated with cyber security and other technological risks might 
generate disruptions that, if persistent, might significantly affect the Issuer's business, prospects, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
The Issuer faces intense competition and changes in the market landscape for banking services, which 
could impede the growth of the Issuer's business and may negatively impact the Issuer's revenue and 
profitability. 
The Issuer is in competition with a number of financial institutions, both internationally and locally, 
competition which is expected to intensify further, especially among top tier banks, on the background of 
an ongoing consolidation process in the market. Increased competition may determine a higher attrition of 
the Issuer's current clients and may also limit the Issuer's potential to attract new customers, with a 
potentially adverse impact on the Issuer's revenues and profitability. 
Existing competitors, as well as others that may enter the market in the future, may enjoy certain 
competitive advantages that the Issuer does not, such as having greater economies of scale, larger financial 
and non-financial resources and portfolios, access to more advanced technological and operational 
resources, more comprehensive product offerings in certain business lines, greater personnel resources, 
better brand name recognition and more experience or longer-established relationships with regulatory 
authorities and clients. The majority of the Issuer's main competitors in the Croatian banking sector are part 
of large international financial groups, such as the local subsidiaries of Erste Group 
(ERSTE&STEIERMÄRKISCHE BANK d.d.), UniCredit (Zagrebačka banka d.d.), Intesa Group 
(Privredna banka Zagreb d.d.), OTP Group (OTP banka d.d.) etc. Competitors with wider presence might 
seem more attractive for some institutional clients which have an established relationship with the 
respective international financial groups in other jurisdictions. 
The Issuer's market landscape is also evolving, with fintech companies entering the competition by offering 
current accounts, free-of-charge currency exchange, and instant peer-to-peer payments. These entities bring 
to market a completely digital, non-traditional-bank experience, characterised by offering low margins and 
high flexibility in adapting the transactional platform with new benefits. The Issuer's market may thus be 
affected by price competition for existing services and rapid development of new products, services and 
distribution channels. 
The Issuer's market position will also depend on effective marketing initiatives and its ability to anticipate 
and respond to various competitive factors affecting the financial services industry, including new services, 
pricing strategies by competitors, changes in consumer preferences and economic, political and social 
conditions in the market in which it operates. 
Strong competition may lead to increased pressure on the Issuer in connection with prices for products and 
services offered to clients, which may have an impact on the Issuer's capacity to maintain or increase its 
profitability. The competitiveness of the Issuer in the current environment will depend largely on its 
capacity to adapt quickly to the market's new developments and tendencies. To the extent the Issuer will 
not be able to effectively cope with pressure exerted by competitors, or to the extent the Issuer fails to 
respond to, or effectively anticipate consumer sentiment, this may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
market share, earnings and cost structure and thus, its business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
If the Issuer and the RBI Group do not maintain their reputation for the quality of their service, the 
Issuer's ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers may be harmed. 
Reputational risk is inherent to the Issuer's business activity. The ability to retain customers and to attract 
new customers depends in part on the brand recognition and reputation for the quality of service of both 
the Issuer and the RBI Group (Raiffeisen Bank International AG and its fully consolidated subsidiaries, the 
"RBI Group"). The Issuer's reputation is strongly linked to the reputation of the RBI Group, meaning that 
any objective or perceived negative aspects of RBI Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects could in its turn have an adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation. Negative 
publicity and negative public opinion could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to maintain and attract

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and 
prospects. 
The Issuer may be subject to tax liabilities. 
In its business activities, the Issuer is required to pay various taxes and contributions, such as profit tax, 
value added tax, various social contributions and others. While the Issuer believes it has paid its taxes when 
due, interpretation of applicable rules by tax authorities may differ. In practice, tax inspections typically 
result in tax authorities requiring payment of additional amounts as well as interest and/or penalties. 
Generally, the results of tax inspections may be the imposition of material additional amounts on the Issuer 
and this may have a material and adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Eurozone membership may negatively impact the Issuer's profitability due to loss of EUR/HRK 
conversion related business and one-off cost related to such conversion. 
The Republic of Croatia is seeking to join the Eurozone and adopt the Euro as a currency. On that note, the 
Republic of Croatia joined the ERM II in July 2020, making the euro adoption possible as early as from 
2023. In that sense, the Issuer is facing a risk that the Republic of Croatia may eventually join the Eurozone, 
which in turn leads to a negative impact on the Issuer's profitability amid the loss of business revenues 
linked to its foreign exchange operations involving EUR/HRK, a potential negative impact on its net interest 
income and its one-off costs related to the euro adoption. 
Hedging measures might prove to be ineffective. When entering into unhedged positions, the Issuer is 
directly exposed to the risk of changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or prices of financial 
instruments. 
The Issuer may utilise a range of instruments and strategies to hedge risks. Unforeseen market 
developments may have a significant impact on the effectiveness of hedging measures. If hedging measures 
prove to be not effective, the Issuer may incur losses. In a worst-case scenario, an originally hedged position 
may become an unhedged position due to counterparty's default. In addition, the Issuer assumes open, i.e. 
unhedged, positions with respect to interest rates, foreign exchange and financial instruments either in the 
expectation that favourable market movements may result in profits or it considers certain positions cannot 
be hedged effectively or at all. These open positions are subject to the risk that changes in interest rates, 
foreign exchange rates or the prices of financial instruments may result in significant losses. 
The Issuer may lose key employees and/or fail to attract new talent. 
Business continuity largely depends on overall capability of the Issuer to attract and retain key talent. This 
capability is specifically critical during the COVID-19 pandemic. Additional risk is associated with the 
high demand on financial institutions to change and adopt to digital business models while in parallel 
maintaining full functionality and high operational stability with a robust operating model. In such 
circumstances, the banking industry may prove comparatively unattractive and may not be able to attract 
and retain talent with critical skills. If the Issuer for any of these reasons would be unable to ensure a stable 
workforce with the requisite skills and talents, it would expose the Issuer to risk and would have an adverse 
effect on its business and operations. 
Derivative transactions may expose the Issuer to unexpected risk and unforeseen losses. 
The Issuer may be party to certain derivative transactions, such as interest rate swap contracts, with financial 
institutions to hedge against certain financial risks. Changes in the fair value of these derivative financial 
instruments that are not cash flow hedges, are reported in profit and loss, and accordingly could materially 
affect reported results in any period. Moreover, the Issuer may be exposed to the risk that a counterparty of 
the Issuer in a derivative transaction may be unable to perform its obligations as a result of being placed in 
receivership or otherwise. If a counterparty to a material derivative transaction is unable to perform its 
obligations thereunder, the Issuer may experience losses that could have a material adverse effect on its 
financial condition, financial returns and results of operations.

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
1.2 
Economic and political risks 
There is high uncertainty related to the development of the COVID-19 pandemic in the next period. Also, 
there is high uncertainty related to the short-term and long-term consequences of the COVID-19 
pandemic on the economy and on society. Therefore, the activities of the Issuer and its customers are 
subject to material uncertainty in the following years. 
Lockdowns have been enacted worldwide following the COVID-19 outbreak in 2019 in order to mitigate 
the pandemics proliferation and to relieve pressure on healthcare systems. In order to compensate for losses 
in revenue triggered by lockdowns, the Croatian Government provided transfers and grants to individuals 
and to companies, guaranties for loans, tax payment deferrals, and moratoria on loan payments. Jobs and 
companies benefiting from these measures might not continue to be a going concern once the governmental 
support ceases. As the existing governmental measures disguise the actual impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic on the economy, the Issuer cannot reliably estimate the prospective losses from its exposures to 
debtors. 
The further development of the COVID-19 pandemic and the acceptance and effect of vaccination 
programmes is uncertain. Uncertainty related to the development of COVID-19 pandemics results in 
uncertainty of economic recovery (timing, amplitude) and the business environment of the Issuer. 
The COVID-19 pandemic is likely to result in structural changes with regard to both the economy and 
society more broadly such as increased digitalisation and remote working and changes in the structure of 
global value added chains, including an accelerated transition to the green economy. Uncertainties related 
to such structural changes as to the timing and amplitude exacerbate the determination of suitable business 
strategies for both for the Issuer and its customers. Also, the COVID-19 pandemic could have a long-lasting 
negative impact on some economic activities, resulting in increased losses on exposures to the relevant 
sectors. 
Interest rates are currently at historical low levels worldwide as a result of current monetary policy. If the 
rebound of the economy and of inflation does not materialise as expected, then the low interest rate 
environment could persist for a longer period, having a negative impact on the profitability of the Issuer. 
Also, a large increase in inflation triggering an increase in interest rates could have a negative impact on 
the economy and the financial position of debtors, and also on the profitability of the Issuer. 
Concerns related to the sustainability of the public finances could increase if large public budget deficits 
persist, keeping the public debt on an upward trajectory. Increase in borrowing costs of the Government 
of the Republic of Croatia could have a negative impact on the Issuer's profitability. 
After three years of surplus, in 2020 the general government budget reported a huge deficit while the public 
debt to GDP ratio increased significantly as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic. Although fiscal 
metrics are expected to improve in the upcoming years such developments widely depend on successful 
pandemic containment and economic growth, especially in the event of further delay of some structural 
reforms. A failure of the Government of the Republic of Croatia to put in place a credible and sustainable 
fiscal consolidation plan could trigger an increase in risk aversion of investors for Croatia. In this case, 
covering the public funding needs could become more difficult to achieve, while borrowing cost of the 
Government of the Republic of Croatia could increase. A sharp increase in yields of Croatian government 
bonds would result in losses for the Issuer given its holdings of such financial instruments. Borrowing costs 
in the economy would also increase in that event, limiting economic growth and making it difficult for 
individuals and companies to take new loans or to service their debt, which would have a negative impact 
on the profitability of the Issuer. 
Indirect taxes (such as VAT and excises) and direct taxes could be increased or other taxes such as banking 
taxes or financial transaction taxes introduced if the fiscal consolidation process fails and the Government 
of the Republic of Croatia faces difficulty to cover public funding needs. This would have a negative impact 
on the disposable income and financial position of the individuals and companies, lowering their capacity 
to borrow new money or to repay existing debt. Therefore, revenues of the Issuer could be negatively 
impacted by an increase in taxation aiming to reduce the public deficit.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
Any downgrade of Croatia's credit ratings by an international rating agency could have a negative 
impact on the Issuer. 
Any adverse revisions to Croatia's credit ratings for domestic or international debt by these or similar 
international rating agencies may materially adversely impact the Issuer's credit rating, its ability to raise 
additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms under which such additional 
financing is available. This could hamper the Issuer's ability to obtain financing, which could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, liquidity position, competitive position, prospects, results of 
operations and financial condition. The failure of the fiscal consolidation process could trigger a downgrade 
of the Croatia's sovereign rating to non-investment category, making external funding of the country more 
difficult and more expensive. This would have a negative impact on the economic growth, lowering demand 
for loans and capacity of debtors to repay their debt. Revenues of the Issuer would be negatively impacted 
by a downgrade of sovereign rating to non-investment category. 
The economy of Croatia is more vulnerable to fluctuations in the global economy than developed markets. 
The Issuer may thus be adversely affected by unfavourable conditions in the global economy or volatile 
equity and credit markets, in particular due to the uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The Croatian economy is fully integrated in the global trade and financial flows, with EU member countries 
accounting for the bulk of these flows. As a result, the performance of the Croatian economy depends to a 
large extent on the developments in the global economy and the global financial markets. Increased global 
political instability and trade controversies, the COVID-19 pandemic and its permanent consequences on 
the global economy, slowdown of economic growth at the level of global economy, the availability and 
cost of credit and episodes of market turbulences could have an adverse impact on both developed and 
emerging countries, such as Croatia. 
The impact of global economic developments historically is often felt more strongly in emerging markets, 
such as Croatia, than it is in more mature markets. Many emerging economies are less economically 
developed and rely to a large extent on external demand and on foreign borrowing. As happened in the past, 
financial problems or an increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies 
could lead the Croatian economy to face severe liquidity constraints, causing it, among other things, to raise 
tax rates or impose new taxes. Negative developments in, or the general weakness of, the Croatian economy, 
in particular increasing levels of unemployment, may have a direct negative impact on the debt servicing 
capabilities of the Issuer's customers. The Issuer can provide no assurances that a deterioration of the 
Croatian economy will not lead to a higher number of defaulting customers. Therefore, a weak economy 
and negative economic development may jeopardise the Issuer's growth targets and may have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
As is typical of emerging markets, Croatia does not possess the full business, legal and regulatory 
infrastructure that would generally exist in more mature free market economies. Political stability over the 
years in the Republic of Croatia has been preserved, although a narrow majority in the parliament certainly 
limits the readiness and capacity to implement reforms. In addition, the state has a strong influence on the 
economy, the electorate is reluctant to structural reforms and election cycles shorten the political horizon. 
The only real impetus for reforms comes from outside - through recommendations from the European 
Semester. 
The performance of the Croatian economy remains largely dependent upon the developments in the global 
economy, equity and credit markets, as well as effectiveness of economic, financial and monetary measures 
undertaken by its government, together with tax, legal, regulatory, and political developments. Any 
potential Issuer's failure to manage the risks associated with its business in emerging markets could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, reputation, operational results and financial position. 
1.3 
Risks relating to legal and regulatory matters and litigation 
The Issuer is subject to substantial regulation and supervision. Any new governmental or regulatory 
requirement and/ or any change in perceived levels of adequate capitalisation and leverage could subject 
the Issuer to increased capital requirements and require the Issuer to obtain additional capital or 
liquidity in the future. 
The Issuer has to comply with complex regulatory requirements at all times. Such requirements tend to 
evolve and become more extensive and stricter. Compliance with such requirements, including the ongoing

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
monitoring and implementation of new or amended rules and regulations, causes significant costs and effort 
for the Issuer. Any (factual or even only alleged) breach of such requirements may result in major regulatory 
measures and may trigger considerable legal and reputational risks. Any legislative or regulatory actions 
and any required changes to the business operations of the Issuer resulting from changes to applicable 
regulation, as well as any deficiencies in the Issuer's compliance with applicable regulation, could result in 
significant loss of revenue, limit the Issuer's ability to pursue business opportunities in which it might 
otherwise consider engaging, affect the value of assets that it holds, require the Issuer to increase the prices 
for its services (and thereby adversely impact on the demand for its products and services), impose 
additional compliance and other costs on the Issuer or otherwise adversely affect its business. The Issuer 
may be requested to comply with higher capital and liquidity requirements and may incur substantial costs 
related to the monitoring and meeting these requirements, as detailed below. 
• 
SREP requirements – the Issuer is subject to SREP requirements stipulated in the following 
regulations applicable in Croatia, the Croatian Credit Institutions Act (Official Gazette ("OG") 
159/2013, 19/2015, 102/2015, 15/2018, 70/2019, 47/2020 and 146/2020) (the "Credit Institutions 
Act") implementing Articles 97, 98, 104 (1) and 113 of the Directive 2013/36/EU, as amended 
("CRD IV"), the CNB's Decision on the Method of Exercising Supervision of Credit Institutions 
and Imposing Supervisory Measures (OG 23/2014 and 55/2014), the CNB's Decision on the 
process of assessment of the internal capital of a credit institution (OG 20/2014 and 126/2017) and 
Article 16 of the Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 as amended (Single Supervisory 
Mechanism Regulation) determined by the annual Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
("SREP") based on the competent authorities' (i.e. the CNB and the ECB ) joint decision. 
According to the business model, governance and risk management, capital adequacy and the 
liquidity situation of the Issuer, each year the competent authority sets an additional own funds 
requirement (Pillar II requirement). This requirement needs to be met by the sort of capital 
(Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET 1") capital, Additional Tier 1 ("AT 1") capital or Tier 2 capital) 
set by the competent authorities. Depending on the assessment, SREP requirements may vary 
annually. Together with the conclusions of the SREP, the competent authorities provide the Issuer 
with the conclusions related to the risks, deficiencies and concerns relating to the internal 
assessment of its capital needs, respectively, whether the methodologies used by the Issuer are 
appropriate to the nature, extent and complexity of its activities and if the results obtained in the 
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) reflect the unexpected losses associated 
with the significant risks to which the Issuer is exposed. An increasing Pillar 2 requirement could 
trigger additional pressure on the capitalisation of the Issuer. 
• 
Capital buffers - in line with CRD IV and as per the Credit Institutions Act, the CNB requires 
institutions to maintain specific capital buffers in addition to own funds requirements (Pillar I 
requirements) imposed by the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended (Capital Requirements 
Regulation – "CRR") and potentially any Pillar II additional own funds requirements. The 
following requirements on capital buffers are applied as of the date of this Prospectus: 
• 
Capital conservation buffer: the capital conservation buffer of CET 1 capital amounts to 
2.5% of the total risk exposure amount in accordance with Article 117 (1) of the Credit 
Institutions Act; 
• 
Countercyclical capital buffer: until further notice from the CNB, the countercyclical 
buffer rate for exposures situated in the Republic of Croatia is 0.0%. The countercyclical 
buffer at the prudential group (as defined in section 2.7 Capital Requirements, the 
"Prudential Group") level will vary from period to period depending on the composition 
of underlying risk relevant exposures; 
• 
Global systemically important institutions (G-SII)/Other systemically important 
institutions ("O-SII") buffer: the Prudential Group is classified as an O-SII in the Republic 
of Croatia and the buffer for the Prudential Group currently amounts to 2.0%. The O-SII 
buffer is revised annually and may also be affected by the buffer set for the RBI Group in 
line with Article 137 (6) of the Credit Institutions Act. 
• 
Systemic risk buffer: the Prudential Group is currently obligated to maintain a structural 
systemic risk buffer of 1.5%.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
• 
In total, the combined capital buffer currently amounts to 6.0% of the total risk exposure 
and shall be covered by CET 1 capital (since December 2020 O-SIIs and Systemic risk 
buffer are cumulatively included in the combined buffer requirement). 
Revised rules on capital and liquidity, i.e., Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market 
risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 ("CRR2") and Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU 
as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures ("CRD V") were 
published in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019 following a legislative process which began at the end of 
2016. 
The requirements stipulated by CRD V are implemented into Croatian law. CRR2 shall as a general rule 
apply from 28 June 2021, however a number of provisions of CRR2 are already in force since 27 June 2019, 
including certain provisions related to own funds and the provisions on the introduction of the new 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities. The impact of the new provisions on the Issuer cannot 
be assessed conclusively at the date of this Prospectus. 
The new rules impose, inter alia: 
• 
A binding leverage ratio requiring institutions to maintain Tier 1 capital of at least 3% of their non-
risk-weighted assets. An additional leverage ratio buffer will apply to global systemically 
important institutions ("G-SIIs"). Unlike the Basel III standard, CRR2 allows initial margin to 
reduce the exposure measure when applying the leverage ratio to derivatives. 
• 
A net stable funding requirement ("NSFR"). Unlike the liquidity coverage ratio (which focuses on 
the quality and liquidity of institutions' assets), the NSFR focuses on the liabilities side of the 
balance sheet and is designed to ensure that exposures are broadly matched with stable funding 
sources. The NSFR has been calibrated with a view to avoiding disruption to EU covered bond, 
derivatives and repo markets with discrete divergences from the international standard. 
• 
A new approach to market risk, which reflects the Basel Committee's Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book ("FRTB"). Initially the new framework will only apply as a reporting requirement. 
Since work on FRTB is continuing at the level of the Basel Committee, the new framework will 
only be implemented as a binding capital requirement in the EU at a later date, subsequent to a 
separate legislative proposal from the Commission. 
• 
A new approach to counterparty credit risk ("SA-CCR"), CRR2 constituting the EU's 
implementation of the new Basel standardised approach to SA-CCR. The new approach is more 
risk sensitive, providing better recognition of hedging, netting, diversification and collateral. 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) published, under the header 
"Finalising Basel III post-crisis reforms" the revised capital requirements frameworks for credit risk and 
operational risks. The revisions seek to restore credibility in the calculation of risk-weighted assets and 
improve the comparability of banks' capital ratios by: (i) enhancing the robustness and risk sensitivity of 
the standardised approaches for credit risk, credit valuation adjustment risk and operational risk; 
(ii) constraining the use of the internal model approaches, by placing limits on certain inputs used to 
calculate capital requirements under the internal ratings-based approach for credit risk and by removing the 
use of the internal model approaches for credit valuation adjustment risk and for operational risk; 
(iii) introducing a leverage ratio buffer to further limit the leverage of global systemically important banks; 
and (iv) replacing the existing Basel II output floor with a more robust risk-sensitive floor based on the 
BCBS revised Basel III standardised approach. There is a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the 
proposed new frameworks, and subsequently how and when this will be implemented in the EU. It is thus 
too early to draw firm conclusions regarding the impact of the potential future capital requirements, and 
consequently how this will affect the capital requirements.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
More generally, the risk of non-compliance with different legal and regulatory requirements and any 
adverse changes thereto, may potentially negatively affect the Issuer's current business model, internal 
policies and results, this risk being particularly relevant for the Issuer. 
Any non-compliance or failure to address these issues properly, could lead to additional legal risk and 
financial losses, as a result of regulatory fines or reprimands, litigations, or reputational damage, and in 
extreme scenarios, to the suspension of operations or even withdrawal of authorisation to pursue business. 
Additional regulations or changes in the applicable laws, could add significant costs or operational 
constraints that may have a negative impact on the Issuer's business, financial condition and prospects. 
The Issuer may be subject to fines, awards of damages or other penalties arising from legal proceedings, 
contractual claims and disputes, as well as negative publicity arising therefrom. 
In the context of its day-to-day operations the Issuer is exposed to litigation risk, among others, as a result 
of changing and developing consumer protection legislation and legislation on the provision of banking and 
investment services. 
In addition, the Issuer may be adversely affected by other claims (contractual or otherwise), complaints and 
litigation, including from counterparties with whom it has contractual relationships, customers, competitors 
or regulatory authorities, as well as any adverse publicity that it may attract. Any such litigation, complaints, 
contractual claims, or adverse publicity could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
Handling customer personal data represents a significant part of the Issuer's daily activity, and a leakage 
of such data might violate the applicable laws and regulations. 
The Issuer accumulates, stores and uses in its operations data which are protected by data protection laws. 
Although the Issuer takes precautions to protect customer data in accordance with the applicable privacy 
requirements, it is possible that there may be data leakages in the future. In addition, the Issuer works with 
service providers or third-parties' commercial partners, which may not fully comply with the relevant 
contractual terms and all data protection obligations imposed on them. 
Therefore, should any violations of data protection laws be identified to have been committed by the Issuer, 
they may result in fines, claims for damages, prosecution of relevant employees and managers, reputational 
damage and loss of customers and may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, prospects, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Applicable Croatian insolvency and bankruptcy laws, as well as other laws and regulations governing 
creditors' rights may limit the Issuer's ability to obtain payments on defaulted loans and advances. 
Croatian bankruptcy and enforcement laws may not offer in all respect the same level of rights, remedies 
and protections that creditors enjoy under the legal regimes in other EU jurisdictions. In particular, Croatian 
bankruptcy and enforcement laws and practice may make it comparatively more difficult and time-
consuming for the Issuer to recover amounts in respect of its secured and unsecured claims before the 
Croatian courts. Inability to obtain effective legal remedies in a reasonably timely manner may adversely 
affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or prospects. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, Croatian insolvency and bankruptcy laws, as well as other laws and 
regulations governing creditors' rights, inter alia, includes: 
• 
The Compulsory Liquidation of Credit Institutions Act (OG 146/2020) ("Compulsory 
Liquidation of Credit Institutions Act"), 
• 
The Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, 
• 
The Enforcement Act (OG 112/2012, 25/2013, 93/2014, 55/2016, 73/2017, 131/2020), 
• 
The Bankruptcy Act (OG 71/2015, 104/2017), 
• 
The Execution of Enforcement on Cash Act (OG 68/18, 02/20, 46/20, 47/20, 83/20, 133/20), 
• 
The Bills of Exchange Act (OG 74/1994, 92/2010),

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
• 
The Civil Obligations Act (OG 35/2005, 41/2008, 125/2011, 78/2015, 29/2018), 
• 
The Financial Operations and Pre-bankruptcy Settlement Act (OG 108/12, 144/12, 81/13, 112/13, 
71/15, 78/15), 
• 
The Consumer Bankruptcy Act (OG 100/15, 67/18), and 
• 
The Assurance of Employees' claims Act (OG 70/17). 
The Issuer is obliged to contribute to the Single Resolution Fund and to the deposit guarantee fund. 
The bank resolution fund pools together regular (annual) contributions from credit institutions (including 
the Issuer), whose level is currently set by the Croatian State Agency for Deposit Insurance ("DAB") in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms so 
that the target level of 1.0% of the amount of covered deposits of all credit institutions authorised in the 
Republic of Croatia (including the Issuer) might be reached by 31 December 2024. 
With the establishment of close cooperation with the ECB and by joining the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism ("SRM") on 10 July 2020, the Republic of Croatia became a full member of the SRM in 
accordance with the SRMR, whose implementation has been further regulated by the Credit Institutions 
Act and the Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms. Due to that fact it is expected 
that in the upcoming period credit institutions in the Republic of Croatia (including the Issuer) are going to 
make contributions to the Single Resolution Fund ("SRF"). 
The provisions of Directive 2014/49/EU, as amended (Directive on Deposit Guarantee Schemes – 
"DGSD") have been transposed into Croatian legislation pursuant to the Croatian Deposit Insurance 
Regime Act (OG 146/20) and forms part of the measures adopted in the aftermath of the financial crisis in 
an effort to establish the Banking Union and aims to further strengthen the protection of depositors. In 
principle, the target level of the deposit insurance fund is set to 2.5% of the total amount of insured deposits 
and is to be collected from credit institutions in the Republic of Croatia (including the Issuer) until 3 July 
2024. In addition to ex-ante contributions, if necessary, credit institutions (including the Issuer) will have 
to pay extraordinary (ex post) contributions to a certain extent, set by the DAB. 
The Issuer's obligation to make such contributions may result in additional financial burden for the Issuer 
and may have negative impact on its financial position and results of operation. 
Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing and anti-corruption rules involve 
significant costs and efforts and non-compliance may have severe legal and reputational consequences 
for the Issuer. 
The Issuer is subject to rules and regulations regarding anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing and 
anti-corruption. These rules and regulations have been tightened in recent years and may be further 
tightened and more strictly enforced in particular following the implementation of the fourth anti-money 
laundering directive (Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council) and the fifth 
anti-money laundering directive (Directive (EU) 2018/843), as enacted in Croatia by the Prevention and 
Combating of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Act (OG 108/2017, 39/2019). Monitoring 
compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and anti-terrorism financing rules can result in a 
significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and can pose significant technical 
problems. The Issuer cannot guarantee that it is in compliance with all applicable anti-money laundering, 
anti-corruption and anti-terrorism financing rules at all times or that its Group-wide anti-money laundering, 
anti-corruption and anti-terrorism financing standards are being consistently applied by its employees in all 
circumstances. Any violation of anti-money laundering, anti-corruption or anti-terrorism financing rules, 
or even alleged violations, may have severe legal, monetary and reputational consequences and could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or 
prospects. 
The legal and judicial system in Croatia is less familiar with investments in securities, such as the Notes, 
than other European countries, which makes an investment in the Notes riskier than investments in 
securities of an issuer that operates in a more developed legal and judicial system. 
The legal and judicial system in Croatia is less familiar with investments in securities such as the Notes 
than those of other European countries. Commercial law, competition law, securities law, company law,

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
bankruptcy law and other areas of law are relatively new as such to local judges. At the same time, such 
legal provisions have been and continue to be subject to constant changes as new laws are being adopted 
as to the transition to a market economy and EU legislation. Existing laws and regulations may be applied 
inconsistently in Croatia or may be interpreted in an unexpected manner. Further, a degree of uncertainty 
exists that legal remedies can be obtained in a timely manner in Croatia. The relatively limited experience 
of a significant number of the competent governmental authorities, specifically with regard to capital 
markets issues and the existence of a number of issues relating to the independence of the judiciary system 
may lead to ungrounded decisions or to decisions based on considerations that are not grounded in the law. 
In addition, the processing of legal remedies may at times involve extensive delays. The court system in 
Croatia is insufficiently funded relative to other European countries. The enforcement of judgments may 
also prove difficult and be subject to delays, especially where such judgments may lead to closure of 
businesses or job losses. This lack of legal certainty and the inability to obtain effective legal remedies in a 
timely manner may adversely affect the Issuer's business and may also make it difficult for investors in the 
Notes to enforce their claims against the Issuer. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive provisions may have a material adverse effect on the 
investment in the Notes, there being a risk for Holders of losing their investment, as well as on the 
Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The provisions of the Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended (Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive - 
"BRRD") have been transposed into Croatian legislation via the Croatian Act on the Resolution of Credit 
Institutions and Investment Firms (OG 146/2020) (the "Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and 
Investment Firms") and the Credit Institutions Act. The new legislation may have a negative impact on 
debt instruments by allowing the resolution authorities to order write-down of such instruments or convert 
them into instruments of ownership under resolution circumstances. The Issuer may be subject to resolution 
tools and other powers as set out under the above-mentioned laws. 
The BRRD has been modified by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD2"). 
The changes made by BRRD2 are implemented into Croatian law. Amendments made relate in particular 
to minimum requirements of own funds and of eligible liabilities ("MREL") requirements and confer on 
the resolution authorities additional powers. 
The BRRD and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, as amended ("SRMR") recognise as resolution strategies 
both, a single or multiple point-of-entry ("SPE" and "MPE") approach. In an SPE approach a failing bank 
subsidiary is recapitalised by using instruments issued by the group parent, the proceeds being down-
streamed to the failing subsidiary, while in an MPE approach a failing bank subsidiary is recapitalised by 
using instruments issued by the failing subsidiary itself. By applying the SPE approach, the shareholder 
structure of the parent entity may undergo change as a result of the resolution, whereas by applying the 
MPE approach, the shareholder structure of the failing subsidiary is the one that may be subject to change, 
with the shareholding structure of the parent entity remaining the same. 
The Issuer has received approval from Single Resolution Board ("SRB") and CNB to adopt a MPE 
resolution strategy, meaning that in case of resolution the Issuer will be recapitalised by instruments issued 
by the Issuer and not by instruments issued by the RBI Group parent entity (as would happen in a single 
point of entry resolution), and the bail-in takes place at the Issuer level. In this case the Issuer can issue 
external MREL eligible liabilities. The resolution plans (including resolution strategy and MREL decisions) 
are drawn up, assessed and approved in the resolution college on a regular basis and pose a potential 
regulatory risk to the Prudential Group. 
The determination of MREL is determined yearly by the resolution college as a joint decision of the SRB 
and the CNB, in line with the applicable banking laws. As of the date of this Prospectus, a binding MREL 
target has been set for the Issuer. If the competent resolution authority requests an increase of the Issuer's 
MREL, this could require the Issuer to issue additional eligible liabilities at substantial costs. This could 
have a material adverse impact on the Issuer's profitability and financial situation. If the Issuer is unable to 
increase its MREL ratio sufficiently, its credit ratings may drop and its cost of funding may increase, and/or 
the competent authorities may impose fines, penalties or other regulatory measures. 
Moreover, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to meet these minimum requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities, which could materially adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments on the

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
Notes. In particular, under the bail-in tool, the resolution authorities may order a write-down of the Notes 
or convert them into CET 1 instruments. Apart from potentially being subject to resolution tools and 
exercise of other powers as set out under the Croatian Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and 
Investment Firms, the Issuer may also be subject to the regime instituted by the general national bankruptcy 
proceedings for credit institutions. 
1.4 
Other material risks relating to the Issuer 
Failure to properly handle potential conflicts of interest of members of the Issuer's executive bodies 
could have negative effects on the Issuer. 
Members of the Issuer's management board and supervisory board may serve on management or 
supervisory boards of other companies (other than a member of RBI Group), including other banks, 
customers of and investors in the Issuer which may also compete directly or indirectly with the Issuer. 
Holding directorships of that kind may expose such persons to potential conflicts of interest if the Issuer 
maintains active business relations with the said companies. Failure to properly manage potential conflicts 
of interest of such persons could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial position 
and results of operations. 
 
Risks relating to the Notes 
2.1 
Risks relating to all Notes 
Holders of the Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The relevant resolution authorities are provided with uniform and effective resolution tools and resolution 
powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall 
exercise the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also called 
"loss absorbing cascade"): (i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments; (iv) subordinated 
debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; and (v) the rest of bail-in able liabilities (including the Notes) in 
accordance with the order of the payment of claims in bankruptcy proceedings to the extent required. 
If the bail-in tool is applied to the Issuer, the principal amount of the Notes may be fully or partially written 
down or converted into instruments of ownership, although claims of other creditors of the Issuer might not 
be affected. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, certain deposits and other claims (including in respect of the Notes 
other senior claims) have a higher ranking than claims resulting from the Notes. 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and normal insolvency proceedings (prisilna likvidacija) is initiated, the 
Issuer will be required to meet its obligations to all its senior-ranking creditors in full before it can make 
any payments on any Notes pursuant to the ranking of claims described below. 
According to the Compulsory Liquidation of Credit Institutions Act, in normal insolvency proceedings 
(prisilna likvidacija) of the Issuer in Croatia, the following order of priority of claims would apply: 
1) 
claims of employees' and former employees' of the Issuer, claims of the state budget, institutes 
or funds in relation to employees' salaries and severances and mandatory employees' 
compensations, 
2) 
claims of the CNB and public benefits claims according to tax regulations, 
3) 
claims of covered deposits, i.e. claims of DAB in the amount of the total liability on the basis 
of compensation for covered deposits in accordance with Deposit Insurance Regime Act, 
4) 
claims of (i) eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises which exceed the coverage level provided for in the Deposit Insurance Regime 
Act, and (ii) deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises that 
would have been eligible deposits had they are not been made through branches located outside 
the EU,

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
5) 
claims of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises which exceed the coverage level provided for in the Deposit Insurance Regime Act 
that would have been eligible deposits had they not been made through branches located 
outside the EU, which are not covered by point 4) above, 
6) 
all other claims towards the Issuer (such as Ordinary Senior Notes and Ordinary Senior 
Eligible Notes) except the ones classified in lower payment ranks,  
7) 
lower payment ranks claims, which shall be settled in the following order: 
a. 
interest on creditors' claims; 
b. liquidation procedure costs incurred to individual creditors; 
c. 
criminal offense or misdemeanour fines and proceedings costs; 
d. claims for free performances of the debtor; and 
e. 
equity replacing loans or equivalent claims, 
8) 
claims for which it has been agreed between the Issuer and the creditor that in case of a 
liquidation such claims shall be settled after all other creditors of higher and lower payment 
ranks, and which shall be settled in the following order: 
a. 
claims not covered by the points below; 
b. claims of the holders of the subordinated debt which is not included in the items of AT 1 
or Tier 2 capital; 
c. 
claims of the owners of instruments which, in accordance with the Act on Resolution of 
Credit Institutions and Investment Firms meet the MREL requirements, and for which it 
has been agreed that when applying the bail in tools over the Issuer the value of these 
instruments is reduced to the required amount or the instruments are converted into shares 
or other equity instruments; 
d. claims of parent companies as owners of instruments by which the subsidiary meets the 
MREL requirements on an individual basis; 
e. 
the principal of the subordinated debt which represents items of Tier 2 capital; and 
f. 
the principal of the subordinated debt which represents the items of AT 1 capital. 
Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Eligible Notes shall in normal insolvency proceedings (prisilna 
likvidacija) of the Issuer rank with all other ordinary claims against the Issuer except the ones classified in 
higher payment ranks (i.e., Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Eligible Notes shall rank under point 6) 
above). In the event of normal insolvency proceedings (prisilna likvidacija), the Issuer will therefore be 
required to pay the holders of claims listed under points 1) through 5) in full before it can make any 
payments on any Ordinary Senior Notes and Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes.  
The ranking of claims in normal insolvency proceedings (prisilna likvidacija) provided by Croatian law 
does not provide for a clear and exact ranking of claims with respect to Non-Preferred Senior Eligible 
Notes. The Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes will in normal insolvency proceedings (prisilna 
likvidacija) of the Issuer rank below claims listed under points 1) through 7) above so that they shall be 
settled as claims under point 8) above. However, the settlement order with respect to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Eligible Notes within point 8) above is not clearly provided by law. The Issuer will therefore be 
required to pay the holders of claims listed under points 1) through 7) in full before it can make any 
payments on any Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes, but it may also be required to pay the holders of 
certain categories of claims as provided in point 8) above (including, among others, the claims of the holders 
of the subordinated debt which is not included in the items of AT 1 or Tier 2 capital) in full before it can 
make any payments on any Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
Holders of the Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue further debt instruments or incur 
further liabilities. 
There may be no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of debt or other liabilities that the 
Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, ranking pari passu with the Ordinary Senior Notes 
or ranking pari passu with or senior to the Eligible Notes. 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring such liabilities may reduce the amount recoverable by 
Holders of the Notes upon the Issuer's normal insolvency proceedings (prisilna likvidacija). 
Where Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer, the Notes may be redeemed early 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes 
are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances or at any time (in the case of Eligible 
Notes, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Authority, if such consent is then required by the Capital 
Regulations), the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be 
relatively low or in other circumstances favourable to the Issuer. In such circumstances an investor may not 
be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as 
that of the relevant Notes. 
Any decision by the Issuer as to whether it will exercise its option to redeem the Notes will be taken at the 
absolute discretion of the Issuer with regard to factors such as, but not limited to, the economic impact of 
exercising such option to redeem the Notes, any tax consequences, the regulatory capital requirements and 
the prevailing market conditions. Noteholders should be aware that they may be required to bear the 
financial risks of an investment in the Notes until maturity. 
2.2 
Risks specifically relating to Eligible Notes 
The Eligible Notes do not give the right to accelerate future payments, and also may not be subject to 
set-off or any guarantee. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Eligible Notes do not provide for any events of default and the Holders 
of the Eligible Notes do not have the right to accelerate any future scheduled payment of interest or 
principal. 
Furthermore, the Eligible Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine 
their capacity to absorb losses in resolution and are neither secured nor subject to a guarantee or any other 
arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Eligible Notes. 
The Eligible Notes may be redeemed at any time for reasons of taxation or regulatory reasons. 
If such right is provided in the Conditions, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, redeem the Eligible Notes 
before their stated maturity, at any time, either for taxation or regulatory reasons. In addition, if such right 
is foreseen in the Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole discretion redeem the Eligible Notes before their 
stated maturity on a specified call redemption date.  
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market 
value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
In the case of any redemption, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security with a rate of return that is as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
Any rights of the Issuer to early redeem or repurchase the Eligible Notes are subject to the prior 
permission of the Resolution Authority. 
Potential investors should not invest in the Eligible Notes in the expectation that any early redemption right 
will be exercised by the Issuer. 
Any early redemption and any repurchase of the Eligible Notes is subject to the prior permission of the 
Resolution Authority, all if and as applicable from time to time to the Issuer. Under the CRR, the Resolution 
Authority may only permit institutions to early redeem or repurchase eligible liabilities instruments (such

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
as the Eligible Notes) if certain conditions prescribed by the CRR are complied with. These conditions, as 
well as a number of other technical rules and standards relating to regulatory capital requirements applicable 
to the Issuer, should be taken into account by the Resolution Authority in its assessment of whether or not 
to permit any early redemption or repurchase. It is uncertain how the Resolution Authority will apply these 
criteria in practice and such rules and standards may change during the maturity of the Eligible Notes. It is 
therefore difficult to predict whether, and if so, on what terms, the Resolution Authority will grant its prior 
permission for any early redemption or repurchase of the Eligible Notes. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer would be granted the prior permission of the Resolution Authority, any 
decision by the Issuer as to whether it will early redeem the Eligible Notes will be made at the sole discretion 
of the Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact of exercising an early 
redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions). The Issuer disclaims, 
and investors should therefore not expect (and not invest in the expectation), that the Issuer will exercise 
any early redemption right in relation to the Eligible Notes. 
Market making by the Issuer for the Eligible Notes is subject to the prior permission of the Resolution 
Authority and certain conditions and thresholds. 
The Eligible Notes may be repurchased by the Issuer for market making purposes only subject to certain 
conditions, such as the prior permission of the Resolution Authority, and within certain thresholds. 
These conditions and thresholds restrict the Issuer's possibility for market making for the Eligible Notes. 
Such restrictions may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Eligible Notes and may lead to 
inadequate or delayed market prices for the Eligible Notes. 
2.3 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes 
Liquidity risk. 
Application for the Programme has been made in order for any Notes to be issued under the Programme to 
be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to be traded on the Regulated Market 
"Bourse de Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and application may be made to admit the 
Notes on any other stock exchange. Notes may however not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes 
are listed or not, there can be no assurance that any liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop. 
Further, the Notes could trade at prices that may be higher or lower than the initial offering price depending 
on several factors, including prevailing interest rates, the Issuer's operating results, the market for similar 
securities and other factors, including general economic conditions, performance and prospects, as well as 
recommendations of securities analysts. The liquidity of, and the trading market for, the Notes may also be 
adversely affected by declines in the market for debt securities generally. Such a decline may affect any 
liquidity and trading of the Notes independent of the Issuer's financial performance and prospects. 
The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted 
Notes. If the Notes are not listed on any stock exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, 
be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an 
investor might not be able to sell its Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes 
might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. Further, the listing of any Notes on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or the Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange may, dependent on the circumstances of an 
individual case be suspended or discontinued.  
Investors should note that difficult global credit market conditions may adversely affect the liquidity not 
only in the primary market but also in the secondary market for debt securities issued by the Issuer and may 
affect the liquidity of any primary or secondary market in which Notes to be issued by the Issuer may be 
traded. The Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will change. 
Market price risk. 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of levels of the 
current market interest rate on the capital market for issues of the same maturity ("Market Interest Rate"), 
development of an underlying, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates 
or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Holders are is therefore exposed to the 
risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if the Holder sells the

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If the Holder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity 
the Notes shall be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Holders of Fixed Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result 
of changes in the Market Interest Rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the 
capital market typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of Fixed 
Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of 
Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest 
Rate of comparable issues. If the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, 
until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate of comparable issues. If 
Holders of Fixed Rate Notes hold such Notes until maturity, changes in the Market Interest Rate are without 
relevance to such Holders as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the 
principal amount of such Notes. 
Holders of Floating Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability 
of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate 
should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any 
Notes. 
Currency risk. 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange 
rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various 
factors such as macroeconomic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and 
governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the local currency of a Holder, for example, will 
result in a corresponding change in the local currency value of Notes denominated in a currency other than 
the local currency and a corresponding change in the local currency value of interest and principal payments 
made in a currency other than in the local currency in accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the 
underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the local currency correspondingly rises, the price of the 
Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed in the local currency 
falls. 
The payments in case of sale/purchase of the Notes may be subject to Croatian rules on payments in foreign 
currencies where as a result payments may need to be effected in Croatian kuna thus exposing the investors 
to exchange rate and inflation risk. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
2.4 
Risks relating to the specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Certain benchmark rates may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
The EURIBOR and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be 
benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. The 
Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another 
benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for 
reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks". 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial Notes and contracts in the euro area. On 
13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new €STR as the new 
risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. On 
18 March 2021 the ECB announced its intention to start publishing compounded average €STR rates on 
15 April 2021. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating 
Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to 
reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such 
benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market 
for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published 
(or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility 
that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such 
successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes 
may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined 
in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference 
rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to and SOFR as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate in 
the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In particular, market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SOFR, including 
term SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SOFR 
rate over a designated term). The continued development of SOFR rates as an interest reference rate for the 
Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SOFR based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
The use of SOFR as a reference rate for the Notes continues to develop both in terms of the substance of 
the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading 
of bonds referencing SOFR. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
methodologies have been used in SOFR linked notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that any 
particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will 
gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future 
issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with 
the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such 
as the derivatives or SOFR and loan markets. Holders should carefully consider how any mismatch between 
the adoption of SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing SOFR. 
SOFR differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects and has a limited history. 
SOFR differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that SOFR is a backwards-looking, 
compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term 
and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR 
and SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR 
is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform 
differently over time to LIBOR which is an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began 
on April 3, 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SOFR in their current form began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The 
future performance of SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical 
level of SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to 
SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, the rate of interest is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant applicable 
period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Holders to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based notes, if the Notes become 
due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under § 10 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed 
early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue 
SOFR. 
The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or 
other changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which 
SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing 
related to the publication of SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on 
the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Holders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts 
from one or more fixed rate(s) to a floating rate. Such conversion may affect the secondary market and the 
market value of the Notes. The spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes relating 
to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the interest rates 
payable on other Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
Risks related to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 
Since the Terms and Conditions of Notes issued under the Programme provide for meetings of Holders of 
a series of Notes or the taking of votes without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes may be 
amended (as proposed or agreed by the Issuer) by majority resolution of the Holders of such Notes and any 
such majority resolution will be binding on all Holders. Any Holder is therefore subject to the risk that its 
rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant series of Notes are amended, 
reduced or even cancelled by a majority resolution of the Holders. Any such majority resolution will even 
be binding on Holders who have declared their claims arising from the Notes due and payable based on the 
occurrence of an event of default but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment 
taking effect. According to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – 
"SchVG"), the relevant majority for Holders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on 
the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. Therefore, any such resolution may 
effectively be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the 
relevant Notes outstanding. 
Under the SchVG, an initial common representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) of the Holders (the "Holders' 
Representative") may be appointed in the Terms and Conditions.  
However, no initial Holders' Representative might be appointed in the Terms and Conditions at the issue 
date. Any appointment of a Holders' Representative at a later stage will, therefore, require a majority 
resolution of the Holders of the Notes. If the appointment of a Holders' Representative is delayed, this may 
make it more difficult for Holders to take collective action to enforce their rights under the Notes. 
If a Holders' Representative is appointed by majority decision of the Holders it is possible that Holders may 
be deprived of their individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against 
the Issuer, if such right was passed to the Holders' Representative by majority vote who is then exclusively 
responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate if, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the 
Notes due and payable shall become effective only when the Paying Agent has received such default notices 
from Holders representing at least 25 per cent of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. Under 
the SchVG, even if a default notice is given by a sufficient number of Holders, it could be rescinded by 
majority resolution within three months. A simple majority of votes would be sufficient for a resolution on 
the rescission of such acceleration but, in any case, more Holders would have to consent to a rescission 
than have delivered default notices. Holders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able to 
accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required quorum of 
Holders with respect to the Notes delivers default notices and such acceleration is not rescinded by majority 
resolution of the Holders. 
2.5 
Other material risks relating to the Notes 
European resolution regime and loss absorption at the point of non-viability  
SRM Regulation, Recovery and Resolution Directive and Croatia implementation 
The Prudential Group is subject to Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund (the "SRM Regulation"). Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive" or "BRRD") is also fully applicable as implemented by the Act on the Resolution of Credit 
Institutions and Investment Firms. 
On 12 December 2017, Directive 2017/2399 (the "Amendment Directive") was adopted by the European 
Parliament and Council. The Amendment Directive introduced a new layer in insolvency for unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt instruments issued by credit institutions and financial institutions within their 
consolidation perimeter that are established within the EU and has been implemented in the Act on the 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms. 
Amendments to the SRM Regulation and the BRRD in 2019 entered into force on 1 January 2020. The 
amendments include, among other things, the power for the resolution authority to prohibit certain

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
distributions; the power for the resolution authority to suspend any contractual payment or delivery 
obligations after a firm is deemed failing or likely to fail, but before entry into resolution; restrictions on 
the selling of subordinated eligible liabilities to retail clients; amendments to the requirements on the 
contractual recognition of bail-in, to address circumstances in which it would be legally or otherwise 
impractical to include a contractual term; and a requirement for entities to include, in financial contracts 
governed by third country law, a term by which the parties recognize that the financial contract may be 
subject to the exercise of powers by the resolution authority to suspend or restrict obligations. The resolution 
authorities were also granted the power to treat an amalgamation of deposit banks, such as the Prudential 
Group, as a single resolution entity under the conditions provided in the BRRD. The amendments also 
clarify the junior ranking of claims resulting from own funds items. 
The SRM Regulation applies to entities covered by the Single Supervisory Mechanism. According to the 
selection criteria of the ECB, the Prudential Group, including the Issuer, are currently subject to the SRM 
Regulation. 
The SRM Regulation establishes a single European resolution board (the "SRB") having resolution powers 
over the institutions that are subject to the SRM Regulation, thus replacing or exceeding the powers of the 
national authorities. The SRB will draw up and adopt a resolution plan for the entities subject to its powers, 
including the Prudential Group. This means that the SRB serves as the national authority for credit 
institutions under direct surveillance of the ECB under the BRRD. It will also determine, after consultation 
with competent authorities, a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities subject to write-
down and conversion powers which the Prudential Group will be required to meet at all times (see 
"Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL)" below). The SRB will also use the 
powers of early intervention as set forth in the SRM Regulation, including the power to require an institution 
to contact potential purchasers in order to prepare for resolution of institution. 
The powers granted to the SRB under the SRM Regulation include, among others, a separate resolution 
tool, the "bail-in tool", which give the relevant resolution authority the power to cancel all or a portion of 
the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities. The bail-in tool can be used to 
recapitalise an institution that is failing or likely to fail, allowing authorities to restructure it through the 
resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. 
In particular, the SRB may, pursuant to Articles 21 and 27 of the SRM Regulation and subject to the priority 
order of claims provided in the Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms decide to 
write down the nominal value of the Notes in order to cover the losses of the Issuer and to recapitalise it up 
to the level determined by the Resolution Authority. The SRB may decide to write down the nominal value 
of the Notes in order to cover the losses of other credit institutions belonging to the Prudential Group and 
their financial subsidiaries and to recapitalise them up to the level determined by the Resolution Authority, 
if the Prudential Group as a whole is entered into resolution pursuant to the SRM Regulation and the Act 
on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms. The amount of write-down may be converted 
into financial instruments eligible for the own funds of the Issuer or its successor or, if the Prudential Group 
as a whole is entered into resolution, another credit institution of the Prudential Group, and assigned to the 
holders of the Notes. If the Issuer is entered into resolution pursuant to the SRM Regulation together with 
one or more other credit institutions or other financial institutions belonging to the Prudential Group, the 
SRB may, pursuant to Article 24 of the SRM Regulation, make a decision to merge one or more such credit 
institutions and their financial subsidiaries with the Issuer, in which case the nominal value of the Notes 
can be written down to cover losses of all merging credit institutions and their financial subsidiaries and to 
recapitalise the credit institution emerging from the merger up to the level determined by the Resolution 
Authority. The amount of the write-down may be converted into financial instruments eligible for the own 
funds of the Issuer or a new credit institution resulting from the merger and assigned to the holders of the 
Notes. 
In addition, the powers granted to the SRB under the SRM Regulation include the following resolution 
tools: (i) to direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on 
commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural 
requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial 
institution to a "bridge bank" (a publicly controlled entity) and (iii) to transfer the assets of the relevant 
financial institution to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. The SRM 
Regulation also grants powers to enable the SRB to implement the resolution tools, including the power to 
replace or substitute the relevant financial institution as obligor in respect of debt Notes, the power to 
modify the terms of debt Notes (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or 
imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or the power to discontinue the listing and admission 
to trading of financial instruments.

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
The BRRD also allows for an EEA member state, as a last resort, to be able to provide extraordinary public 
financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools (namely, the public equity support and 
temporary public ownership tools). Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in 
accordance with the EU state aid framework.  
Any application of the "bail-in" power shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on Holders will depend on their 
ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as 
depositors.  
The resolution tools are intended to be used prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings with 
respect to the relevant credit institution could have been initiated and only upon the SRB being satisfied 
that the relevant conditions for resolution contained in the SRM Regulation have been met. The SRM 
Regulation contains safeguards for shareholders and creditors in respect of the application of the "bail-in 
tool" which aim to ensure that they do not incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the 
relevant credit institution been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings. To the extent any resulting 
treatment of Holders pursuant to the exercise of the "bail-in" power is less favourable than would have been 
the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a Holder has a right to compensation under 
the SRM Regulation based on an independent valuation of an institution (which is referred to as the "no 
creditor worse off" principle under the SRM Regulation). Any such compensation is unlikely to compensate 
that Holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery 
of such compensation. Where a Holder would not have received any distribution in normal insolvency 
proceedings there will be no compensation at all. 
The exercise of any resolution power or any suggestion of any such exercise could materially adversely 
affect the value of any Notes and could lead to Holders losing some or all of the value of their investment 
in the Notes. In particular, the exercise of the bail-in tool pursuant to Article 27 of the SRM in respect of 
the Issuer and the Notes or any suggestion of any such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights 
of the Holders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes and could lead to Holders losing some or all of the value of their investment 
in such Notes.  
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) 
The BRRD and the SRM Regulation introduced the requirement for firms to meet the MREL designed to 
ensure sufficient loss absorbing capacity to enable the continuity of critical functions without recourse to 
public funds. All institutions must meet an individual MREL requirement calculated as a percentage of total 
liabilities and own funds and set by the relevant resolution authorities from 1 January 2016. On 23 May 
2016, the European Commission adopted regulatory technical standards, on criteria to be considered by 
resolution authorities when setting MREL on a firm-by-firm basis. These allow resolution authorities to 
determine an appropriate transitional period (which should be no longer than four years) to allow 
institutions a reasonable time period to reach the applicable MREL requirements. On 20 January 2020, the 
SRB published its 2020 policy on MREL. MREL decisions implementing the new framework will be taken 
based on this policy in the 2020 resolution planning cycle. The decisions will be communicated to banks 
in early 2021. These decisions will replace those issued under the previous legal framework. Each new 
decision will set out two binding MREL targets, including those for subordination: the binding intermediate 
target to be met by 1 January 2022 and the fully calibrated MREL (final target) to be met by 1 January 
2024. 
Items eligible for inclusion in MREL will include an institution's own funds (within the meaning of CRD), 
along with "eligible liabilities," meaning liabilities which, among other things, are issued and fully paid 
up, have a maturity of at least one year (or do not give the investor a right to repayment within one year), 
and do not arise from derivatives. The MREL requirement may also have to be met partially through the 
issuance of contractual bail-in Notes that are effectively subordinated to other unsubordinated eligible 
liabilities in a bail-in or insolvency of the relevant institution. 
As it is difficult to predict the effect MREL requirements may have on the Prudential Group until MREL 
has been fully implemented, there is a risk that the requirements of MREL could require the Prudential 
Group to issue additional eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL in order to meet the new requirements 
within the required timeframes and to hold additional funds and/or eligible liabilities in order to satisfy the 
MREL requirements set for the Prudential Group. Such actions may increase its compliance costs, delay, 
limit or restrict the execution of the Prudential Group's strategy and may have an adverse effect on the 
Prudential Group's capital structure as well as on its business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
MREL requirements are expected to have an impact across the market including a potentially adverse effect 
on the credit rating of the securities issued by the Prudential Group (including the Notes issued by the 
Issuer) and its competitors, and there is a risk that the relative impact may give rise to a reduction in the 
competitiveness of the Prudential Group. If the Prudential Group were to experience difficulties in raising 
MREL, it may have to reduce its lending or investments in other operations. 
The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution 
The powers set out in the BRRD (as transposed into national law) and the SRM Regulation will impact 
how European credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, 
the rights of creditors.  
There remains uncertainty regarding how the applicable resolution legislation will affect the Issuer, the 
Prudential Group and the Notes. The resolution authority can decide to write down the nominal value of 
the Notes and convert them into shares of the Issuer in order to absorb losses of the Issuer, if the Issuer is 
entered into resolution. The exercise of any power under the SRM Regulation or any suggestion of, or 
perception of there being an increased likelihood of, such exercise could materially adversely affect the 
rights of Holders, the price or value of the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own adviser(s) as to the possible 
consequences of the SRM Regulation (see "European resolution regime and loss absorption at the point of 
non-viability" above). 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation under the Notes is limited 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of any Series of Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under such 
Notes and not to payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, final 
redemption amount, early redemption amount, optional redemption amount and any other amount (other 
than interest) which may from time to time be payable in respect of such Notes). 
As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of any Series of 
Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction should become applicable to payments of principal. 
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any 
Series of Notes, holders of such Notes would, upon repayment or redemption of such Notes, be entitled to 
receive only the net amount of such redemption or repayment proceeds after deduction of the amount 
required to be withheld. Therefore, holders may receive less than the full amount due under such Notes, 
and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected as a result. 
Notes issued as ESG Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, may not meet investor expectations or 
requirements. 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer's intention that 
such Notes are issued as ESG Bonds. It is the Issuer's intention to apply an amount equivalent to the net 
proceeds of those ESG Bonds for projects that promote climate-friendly and other environmental, 
sustainable and/or social purposes which meet the eligibility criteria set out in any framework the Issuer 
may publish from time to time on its website (such projects, "Eligible Projects"). 
A prospective investor should have regard to the information set out in the section "Use of Proceeds" below 
and determine for itself the relevance of such information for the purpose of an investment in such Notes 
together with any other investigation it deems necessary. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that such use of proceeds will satisfy any 
present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, 
in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or 
uses. 
No assurance can be given that Eligible Projects will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding 
such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels, including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU Taxonomy"). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has not published a framework relating to an investment in 
Eligible Projects, although the Issuer intends to publish such framework prior to the issuance of any ESG 
Bonds under this Programme which specifies that the relevant proceeds will be used for Eligible Projects. 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of 
any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as ESG Bonds. For the avoidance

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not incorporated in this Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. As at the date of this Prospectus, 
the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime 
or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation 
or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is 
required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation 
or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes issued as 
ESG Bonds for Eligible Projects (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), there is no contractual obligation 
to do so. There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Projects will be available or capable of being 
implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use the proceeds for 
such Eligible Projects as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that Eligible Projects will be 
completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) originally 
expected or anticipated. None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as ESG 
Bonds or to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as anticipated or a failure of a third party to 
issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of ESG Bonds or the failure 
of the Notes issued as ESG Bonds to meet investors' expectations requirements regarding any "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or similar labels will constitute an event of default or breach of contract with respect 
to any of the Notes issued as ESG Bonds, nor will it give rise to any redemption option of Noteholders of 
such ESG Bonds or oblige the Issuer to redeem such ESG Bonds or constitute an incentive to redeem the 
Notes or, where relevant, compromise the ability of such ESG Bonds to qualify as MREL eligible liabilities. 
A failure of the Notes issued as ESG Bonds to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their 
"green", "sustainable", "social" or equivalent characteristics including the failure to apply proceeds for 
Eligible Projects, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party opinion or certification, the Notes 
ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid 
or the failure by the Issuer to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as anticipated, may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as 
a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the relevant information contained in this Prospectus and 
the relevant Final Terms and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional 
adviser regarding its purchase of ESG Bonds issued under the Programme before deciding to invest.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular 
Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions of the relevant Notes will result from the choice of a 
set of Terms and Conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") (each such set of Terms and Conditions an 
"Option") as set forth below and from the provisions of the Final Terms, as set out and described in more 
detail below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
This Prospectus provides for various sets of Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms enable the Issuer to 
choose among the following Options: 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Ordinary Senior Notes. 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Eligible Notes. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
The Final Terms shall determine by the choice of the set of Terms and Conditions (Option I or Option II) 
and the complete replication of all applicable selections and the completion of the relevant placeholders 
contained in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, which Option and which selections shall be 
applicable to the individual issue of Notes. The replicated and completed provisions of the respective 
Option plus Part II of the Final Terms shall constitute the Conditions of the Notes, which will be attached 
to each Global Note representing the Notes. 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which set of Terms and Conditions (Option I or Option II) 
shall be applicable and which selections within the chosen Option are applicable to the individual issue by 
only referring to the specific sections of the relevant Option. The Final Terms will then specify that the 
provisions of Part I of the Form of Final Terms and the relevant Option, taken together with Part II of the 
Form of the Final Terms, shall constitute the Conditions. Each Global Note representing the tranche of the 
respective Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this 
Prospectus attached. 
Choice of Options 
The Final Terms shall determine in the first step which of Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the 
individual issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also 
certain further sub-options (characterised by indicating the optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out in the square brackets within the text of the relevant Option) as well as 
placeholders (characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) which, based on the 
features determined for the concrete issue, will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of selections 
The Issuer will determine which selections will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating 
the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the sections of the relevant 
Option. If the Final Terms do not replicate or refer to an alternative or optional provision the relevant 
provisions shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant Option will be 
completed. In case of replication of the applicable provisions the placeholders will be completed at the 
relevant place in the respective Option. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant Option, 
taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant Option shall be deemed to be completed by the 
information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such 
provisions.

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets and not chosen in the 
relevant Option and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted 
from the Conditions. 
Deletion of Options and Placeholders in the Final Terms 
When preparing the Final Terms the Issuer may, in the case that the Final Terms together with the relevant 
Option represent the Conditions, delete not chosen or filled in placeholders or, as the case may be, 
provisions that are not applicable for reasons of readability. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form 
appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code."

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, either by complete replication of all applicable 
selections and the completion of the relevant placeholders contained in the Terms and Conditions or as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Global Note issued under the Programme. 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member 
State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Prospectus. Subject to 
this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche 
of Notes may complete any information in this Prospectus. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for two 
options: 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes which are 
Ordinary Senior Notes. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Eligible Notes. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further suboptions, which 
are characterised accordingly by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out in square brackets within the Option. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of Option I or Option II including certain further 
sub-options contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect to an individual issue of Notes, 
either by replicating the relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
To the extent that upon the approval of this Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge of certain items 
which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus contains placeholders set out in 
square brackets which include the relevant items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
[In case the options applicable to an individual issue are to be determined by referring in the Final 
Terms to the relevant options contained in the set of Terms and Conditions for Option I or Option II, 
insert: 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the terms of the final 
terms which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; 
alternative or optional provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which the corresponding 
provisions of the Final Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from these 
Terms and Conditions; and all provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the 
Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to 
be deleted from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. 
Copies of the Final Terms may be obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and 
at the registered office of the Issuer provided that, in the case of Notes which are not listed on any stock 
exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available to Holders of such Notes.]

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ORDINARY SENIOR NOTES 
OPTION I - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
FOR 
ORDINARY SENIOR NOTES 
§ 1 
DEFINITIONS 
"Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [the Clearing System] 
[if the Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: [as well as] the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) 
("TARGET")] [is] [are] operational [if the Specified Currency is not EUR or if needed for other 
reasons, insert: [and] commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [all relevant 
financial centres]. 
"Clearing System" means each of Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, ("CBL") and Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear are each an 
"ICSD" (International Central Securities Depositary) and together the "ICSDs"). 
"Conditions" means these Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
"Holder" means any holder of a co-ownership interest or other beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [[[second] [insert other applicable number of days]] 
Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end]1 of the relevant Interest Period.] [first day of the 
relevant Interest Period.] [[●] Business Day[s] prior to [the expiry] [the Coupon Date] of the relevant 
Interest Period.] 
"Reference Interest Rate" means the offered quotation for the [number]-month [EURIBOR] [SOFR] 
which appears on the Screen Page as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([insert relevant time 
zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day]. 
"Screen Page" means [REUTERS Screen Page [EURIBOR01] [insert Screen Page and additional 
information if necessary] or each successor page].] 
[For EURIBOR, insert: 
If – other than in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined below) – the Screen Page is not available 
or if no such quotation appears as at such time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Interest Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Reference Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards) of such offered quotations[, however at least 0.00 per cent per annum], all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Reference Interest Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated at the request of the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
 
1 In case of SOFR interest determination in arrear, the Interest Determination Date shall not be less than five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Coupon Date.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the Euro-Zone[, however at least 0.00 
per cent per annum]. 
If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions the 
Issuer will determine the Reference Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period at its equitable discretion 
according to § 317 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") and also having regard 
to the operational requirements of the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent 
of any determination made by it under these Conditions. 
"Reference Banks" means the offices of not less than [four] [insert other number] major banks in the 
Euro-Zone. 
Reference Interest Rate replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. If the Issuer determines in its 
reasonable discretion (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference 
Interest Rate, or (ii) the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate ceases to calculate and publish the 
Reference Interest Rate permanently or for an indefinite period of time, or (iii) the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar 
proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority, or (iv) the Reference Interest Rate is otherwise being discontinued or otherwise 
ceases to be provided (each of the events in (i) through (iv) a "Discontinuation Event"), the Reference 
Interest Rate shall be replaced, on each relevant Interest Determination Date, by a rate determined or 
procured, as the case may be, by the Issuer (the "Successor Reference Interest Rate") according to the 
following paragraphs in the order of I)-III): 
I) 
The Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is determined by 
any applicable law or regulation or announced by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, the 
competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the Reference 
Interest Rate and the source of which is accessible to the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall thereafter 
inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and, 
subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14. [If, on any previous Interest 
Determination Date, the Successor Reference Interest Rate was also determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph I), no [other] publication obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with 
such Successor Reference Rate or any adjustments or changes made in relation thereto or relating to the 
determination of the [Rate of Interest] [or] [the] [Interest Amount] as set out below;] 
II) 
An Independent Adviser will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor 
reference rate that is most comparable to the Reference Interest Rate, provided that if the Independent 
Adviser determines that there is an industry accepted reference rate as being most comparable to the 
Reference Interest Rate, then the Independent Adviser will use such reference rate as successor reference 
rate (the "Successor Reference Rate") and determine which screen page or source shall be used in 
connection with such Successor Reference Rate (the "Successor Screen Page"). Provided that such 
Successor Screen Page is accessible to the Calculation Agent, any reference to the Screen Page herein 
shall from the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate on be read as a reference to the 
Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The 
Independent Adviser will notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date about such determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders of 
the Notes in accordance with § 14. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Interest Rate with a Successor Reference 
Interest Rate in accordance with the above provisions I) or II) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may specify (i) an interest adjustment factor or fraction or spread (to 
be added or subtracted) which shall be applied to the Successor Reference Interest Rate, for the purpose 
of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the Reference Interest Rate 
before the Discontinuation Event occurred, and (ii) any further changes necessary for determining the 
Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest Amount in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Reference Interest Rate (such as the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day Convention, 
Business Days, the Interest Determination Dates, the method of calculating the Interest Amount). 
Thereafter, the Issuer shall inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14 (other than in 
the case set out in paragraph I) above).

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
III) 
If the source of the successor rate for the Reference Interest Rate determined in accordance with 
the above provision I) or the Successor Screen Page determined in accordance with the above provision 
II) is not accessible to the Calculation Agent or if the Independent Adviser fails to determine the 
Successor Reference Rate at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and to notify the 
Calculation Agent or in the event that the Issuer, having used reasonable endeavours, fails to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or the period to determine a Successor Reference Interest Rate according to the 
provisions above was not sufficient, the Issuer will decide in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) 
and not less than 3 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the "Procedures Determination Date"): 
[a)] 
that the Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered quotation for the Reference Interest Rate 
which appeared on the Screen Page on the last day preceding the relevant Interest Determination Date 
on which such quotations were offered and shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance 
with § 14[.][; or 
b) 
redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, by giving not less than 20 days' notice in accordance 
with § 14, at the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption Amount] (as defined below pursuant to 
§ 6), together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such early redemption. 
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment 
Date] following the Procedures Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption Amount]. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the Reference Interest Rate applicable from the last [Coupon 
Date] [Interest Payment Date] prior to the redemption date until (but excluding) the redemption date 
shall be the Reference Interest Rate applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period.] 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international standing or an 
independent financial adviser with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal 
Reserve's website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If SOFR is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time and, (1) unless the Issuer has 
confirmed to the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, this SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
applies for which SOFR was published on the Screen Page; or (2) if the Issuer has confirmed to the 
Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was notified to the Calculation 
Agent by the Issuer as being the rate that was recommended as the replacement for the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other designated administrator), 
provided that, if no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as having been 
recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if (i) references to SOFR were references to OBFR, (ii) 
references to U.S. Government Securities Business Day were references to New York Business Day, 
(iii) references to SOFR Index Cessation Event were references to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) 
references to SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to OBFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date; and provided further that, if no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
as having been so recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date and an OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date has occurred, then the rate 
for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date will 
be determined as if (x) references to SOFR were references to FOMC Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day were references to New York Business Day and (z) references to 
the Screen Page were references to the Federal Reserve's Website. 
Where: 
"FOMC Target Rate" means, the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market 
Committee and published on the Federal Reserve's Website or, if the Federal Open Market Committee 
does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal 
Open Market Committee and published on the Federal Reserve's Website (calculated as the arithmetic 
average of the upper bound of the target range and the lower bound of the target range). 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
"OBFR", means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the daily Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate in respect of the New York Business Day immediately preceding such Interest Determination Date 
as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator) on the New York Fed's Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Interest 
Determination Date. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date 
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate), ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
the OBFR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish 
or provide OBFR; or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of 
OBFR that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap 
transactions. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, the date 
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate), ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time,

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity prohibiting the use of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, 
including existing swap transactions.] 
§ 2 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, ISSUE DATE, FORM, CUSTODY 
(1) 
Currency – Denomination – Issue Date. This Series of Notes (the "Notes") of Raiffeisenbank 
Austria d.d. (the "Issuer") is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the "Issue Date") in [insert Specified 
Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [aggregate principal 
amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the denomination of [insert Specified 
Denomination2] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form. 
(a) 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(b) 
Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" or the "Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be signed by 
duly authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note to be exchanged for 
a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(b) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange – Permanent Global Note. 
(i) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" and, together 
with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" and, each a "Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by duly authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive 
notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(ii) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date 
(the "Exchange Date") not later than 180 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. The 
Exchange Date for such exchange will not be earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary 
Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person 
(other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in respect of each such 
payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant 
to subparagraph (b) of this § 2(2). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note 
shall be delivered only outside of the United States. For purposes of this subparagraph, "United States" 
means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands).] 
(3) 
Custody. The Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until 
all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
 
2 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000 at the time of the trade date of the Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
[In the case that the Global Note is an NGN, insert: The Notes are issued in New Global Note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's 
interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by ICSD stating the principal 
amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
ICSD at that time. For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial early redemption of the 
Notes, the outstanding redemption amount will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a 
nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs. 
On any redemption in respect of, or purchase by or on behalf of the Issuer and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the Global Note details of such redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) shall be entered by or on behalf of the Issuer in the records of the ICSDs.] 
[In the case that the Global Note is a CGN, insert: The Notes are issued in Classical Global Note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
§ 3 
STATUS 
Status Ordinary Senior Notes. The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking in the event of normal insolvency proceedings (prisilna 
likvidacija) of the Issuer pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer except for any instruments or obligations 
preferred or subordinated by law. 
§ 4 
INTEREST 
[In case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
(1) 
Rate of Interest, Interest Period[s]. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest based on their principal amount during the Interest Period[s] from 
(and including) [insert interest commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in§ 6(1))]. 
[An][The] "Interest Period" is respectively from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date][Maturity Date] [and thereafter 
from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no 
adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period insert: next following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
The rate of interest is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent per annum (the "Rate of Interest"). 
(2) 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] in each year (each 
such date a "Coupon Date") and always remain unadjusted.] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] 
(the "Coupon Date") and it remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert 
last Coupon Date].]

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
This may fall on a Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls 
on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out 
in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of short/long Interest Periods insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended]]; [first Coupon Date is: [●]] [last Coupon Date is: [●]].] 
(3) 
Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below).] 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
(1) 
Interest Period[s], Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest based on their principal amount during the Interest Period[s] from 
(and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1))]. 
[An][The] "Interest Period" is [respectively] from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [and thereafter 
from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no 
adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date].] 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
Coupon Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear. 
[Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] (each such date a "Coupon 
Date") and always remain unadjusted.] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the "Coupon Date") 
and it remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert 
last Coupon Date].] 
(c) 
Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment 
Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
This may fall on the Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set 
out in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of short/long Interest Period insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended];] [first Coupon Date is: [insert first Coupon Date] [("First Coupon Date")]] [last Coupon 
Date is: [insert last Coupon Date] [("Last Coupon Date")]].] 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for [the][each] Interest Period will 
be, except as provided below,  
[For EURIBOR, insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate [, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00 per cent per 
annum, a Reference Interest Rate of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied,] [in case of multiplication 
with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily SOFR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with the formula below on the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) [, whereby a 
Compounded Daily SOFR of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied, should such Compounded Daily 
SOFR be below 0.00 per cent per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied 
by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate per annum. 
The Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Interest Rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [•]% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation 
Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in such Applicable Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(provided that "p" shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days without the prior 
written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Interest Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where 
lag is specified as the Observation Method: the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a U.S.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i".][otherwise: the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i".]]] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for floating interest: 
[In the case of short/long first Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the First Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of short/long last Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Last Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)] 
["Factor" means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest 
Period] as [+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
["Margin" corresponds to a surcharge or disagio in percentage points and has been determined [for the 
[first] [●] Interest Period] as [●] [for the [●] Interest Period] as [●]] [insert further].] 
[In case a minimum rate of interest applies insert: (3) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] (Floor).] 
[In case a maximum rate of interest applies insert: [(4)] Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert maximum rate of interest] (Cap).] 
[(5)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest 
(the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period. The relevant Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below) to [the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes] [the Specified Denomination] and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded upwards. 
[(6)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, the Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the [[second] [•] Business Day prior to 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period] [first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert other 
date], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof.

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
Each Interest Amount and each Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the 
Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange and to the Holders as soon as 
possible in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, the Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than [4 Business Days prior to the expiry of 
the relevant Interest Period [[the second] [●] Business Day prior to the [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment 
Date] of the [relevant] Interest Period], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof.]] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for interest: 
[(7)] Accrual of Interest and Default Interest. If the Issuer should fail to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest shall accrue on the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes from (and including) the due date to 
(but excluding) the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by 
law. 3  
[(8)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined below) 
during which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation Period will be the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such 
Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the Calculation 
Period will be the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination 
Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year][; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year].] 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any year to but 
excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, 
then such dates in the alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
 
3 
According to paragraphs 288(1) and 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB"), the default rate of interest 
established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank semi-annually.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) (Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30/360 
or Bond Basis).] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month) (30E/360 or Eurobond Basis).] 
[If 360/360, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with twelve 30-day months (360/360).]] 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of principal, interest and any Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 8(1)), in respect of the Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System.  
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note to be exchanged for 
a Permanent Global Note, insert: Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global 
Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in § 2(2)(b).] 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the freely negotiable and convertible currency 
which on the respective due date is the currency of the country of the Specified Currency. 
(3) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws. All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of § 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder,

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of § 8 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
[In the case of Notes not denominated in Euro, insert: 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the respective Payment Business Day is not available 
to it in such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons beyond its control or that the Specified 
Currency or any successor currency to it provided for by law (the "Successor Currency") is no longer 
used for the settlement of international financial transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment 
obligations by making such payment in Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the respective 
Payment Business Day on the basis of the Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled to 
further interest or any other payment as a result thereof. The "Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be, (i) if 
available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for the Specified Currency or the Successor Currency 
determined and published by the European Central Bank for the most recent practicable date falling 
within a reasonable period (as determined by the Issuer in its equitable discretion) prior to the day on 
which the payment is made or, (ii) if such rate is not available, the foreign exchange rate of the Specified 
Currency or the Successor Currency against the Euro as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion.] 
(4) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(5) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day, then the payability and actual payment date depend on the Business Day 
Convention as applicable according to subparagraph (5). The Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place. Irrespective of the provisions regarding the Interest Period, 
the Holder shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
"Payment Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing 
System [if the Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: [as well 
as] the Trans European Automated Real time Gross settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) 
("TARGET")] [is][are] operational][and] [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in [insert all relevant financial centres].] 
(6) 
Business Day Convention. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note would 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be 
[if Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if FRN Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
§ 6 
REDEMPTION 
(1) 
Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [in case of a specified 
Maturity Date insert such Maturity Date] [in case of a Redemption Month insert: the Interest Payment 
Date falling in [insert Redemption Month and Redemption Year]] (the "Maturity Date").

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
(2) 
Final Redemption Amount. 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at their principal amount insert: 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be equal to its principal amount.] 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount other than the principal amount insert: 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be [insert currency] [insert amount 
greater than or equal to the principal amount] for each Note.] 
(3) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
(a) 
The Notes may be declared repayable, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon 
not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, 
pursuant to § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below) together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption (but 
excluding) if as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Croatia or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay 
duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such 
laws or regulations (including relevant court decision), which amendment or change is effective on or 
after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § 8(1)) on the immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date (as 
defined in § 4), and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the 
Issuer. 
(b) 
However, such Early Redemption may not occur (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. [In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: The date fixed for Early 
Redemption must be an Interest Payment Date.] 
(c) 
Any such notice for Early Redemption shall be given to the Fiscal Agent and, pursuant to § 14 
(Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders. It shall be irrevocable and must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and the Early Redemption Amount. 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole or in part, upon giving not more than [60][●] 
[Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30][●] [Business Days'] [days'] notice in accordance with 
§ 6 [(4)(f)], on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the [Call Redemption Amount[s]] set forth below together 
with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the [respective] Call Redemption Date. 
(b) 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder insert: The Issuer is not 
entitled to exercise such option in respect of any Note which is subject to the prior exercise of the Holder's 
option to redeem such Note pursuant to § 6[(5)].] 
(c) 
"Call Redemption Date[s]" [is] [are] [insert Call Redemption Date[s]] 
(d) 
"Call Redemption Amount[s]" [is] [are] [insert Call Redemption Amount[s]] [for the 
following Call Redemption Date[s] [insert Call Redemption Date[s]]]. 
Such a redemption has to be made [at least] [at most] in the amount of [●] per cent of the principal 
amount of the Notes. 
(e) 
[In case of a minimum Call Redemption Amount or an increased Call Redemption Amount 
insert: The Notes have to be redeemed at [their principal amount] [an amount which is at least equal to 
[insert minimum Call Redemption Amount][insert increased Call Redemption Amount]] per Note.]

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
(f) 
Any notice of Early Redemption of the Notes shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent 
and pursuant to § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders and shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes that is to be redeemed; 
(ii) 
a statement as to whether the Series is redeemed in whole or in part and in the latter case the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Date[s]; and 
(iv) 
the Call Redemption Amount at which the Notes are redeemed.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder insert: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder. 
(a) 
Each Holder has the right to claim an early redemption of the Notes in whole or in part on the 
Optional Early Redemption Date[s] at the Optional Early Redemption Amount[s], together with any 
interest accrued until the Optional Early Redemption Date (excluding). 
(b) 
The Holder is not entitled to exercise such option in respect of any Note which is subject to the 
prior exercise of the Issuer's option to redeem such Note pursuant to § 6[(4)]. 
After a legally effective exercise of the relevant option by the Holder pursuant to sub-paragraph (e), the 
Issuer has to redeem the Notes on the Optional Early Redemption Date[s] at the Optional Early 
Redemption Amount[s], together with any interest accrued until the Optional Early Redemption Date[s] 
(excluding). 
(c) 
Optional Early Redemption Date[s]: "Optional Early Redemption Date[s]" [is][are] [insert 
Optional Early Redemption Date[s]] 
(d) 
Optional Early Redemption Amount: ["Optional Early Redemption Amount" on [insert 
Optional Early Redemption Date] is [insert Optional Early Redemption Amount]]. ["Optional Early 
Redemption Amounts" are as follows: [on [insert Optional early Redemption Dates][insert Optional 
Early Redemption Amounts]]]. 
(e) 
To exercise this option, the Holder shall notify the Fiscal Agent about the exercise of the option 
by way of notification in text form ("Exercise Notification") not less than [insert minimum notification 
period of at least 5 Business Days] and not more than [insert maximum notification period] days after 
the day on which the redemption shall occur according to the Exercise Notification. If the Exercise 
Notification is received on the last day of the notice period before the Optional Early Redemption Date 
after 5:00 p.m. Zagreb time, the exercise of the option is not effective. The Exercise Notification has to 
specify: (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Notes regarding which the option is exercised and 
(ii) the security identification numbers of such Notes (if assigned). The form in the English language 
available at the offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent may be used for the purpose of the 
Exercise Notification. The exercise of the option is irrevocable. The Notes regarding which the option 
was exercised, will only be redeemed against delivery of the relevant Notes to the Issuer or its order.] 
[If Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder insert: 
[(6)] No early Redemption at the Option of the Holder. The Holders do not have a right to demand an 
early redemption of the Notes.] 
[(7)] Early Redemption Amount. 
For the purpose of [§ 1 (Definitions) and] this § 6 the Early Redemption Amount of a Note is equal to 
[the Final Redemption Amount pursuant to § 6(2)][insert other amount/rate].]

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
§ 7 
AGENTS 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents (the "Agents") and their respective specified 
offices are: 
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent": 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
[other/further Fiscal/Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s)] 
["Calculation Agent": 
[The Fiscal Agent shall also act as Calculation Agent.] 
[insert name and address of Calculation Agent]] 
[Other Agents: [insert name and address of other Agents]] 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to change its respective specified office to some 
other specified office in the same country. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint another Fiscal Agent/Paying Agent 
or additional or other Agents in accordance with all applicable regulations. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after 10 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance 
with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing). 
(3) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Agents named above act solely as agent of the Issuer and do not have 
any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) 
Determinations Binding. All determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained under these Conditions by any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer and all other Agents/agents and the Holders. 
§ 8 
TAXATION 
(1) 
Taxation. All amounts payable in respect of the interest under the Notes will be made by the 
Issuer free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
Croatia or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as will 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders after such withholding or deduction 
will equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction (the "Additional Amounts"). However, no such 
Additional Amounts will be payable on account of any Taxes which are held by or on behalf of a Holder 
which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by 
reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note. 
(2) 
FATCA Withholding. The Issuer will be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required 
by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by 
another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA Withholding"). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay 
additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a Holder, beneficial owner or other intermediary for any such 
FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") in relation to the Notes is reduced to ten years. 
§ 10 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) 
Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare by notice its Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the Final Redemption Amount (pursuant to § 6), together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest and any Additional Amounts on the Notes within 
15 days from the relevant due date, or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other material obligation arising from the Notes which failure 
is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such failure continues for more than 
45 days after the Issuer has received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
(c) 
the Issuer ceases to effect payments in general or announces its inability to meet its financial 
obligations generally; or 
(d) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Issuer applies for or institutes 
such proceedings or offers or makes an arrangement for the benefit of its creditors generally; or 
(e) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation; provided that a (partial) spin-off, a spin-off for re-establishment, 
a reconstruction, merger, or other form of amalgamation with another company shall not be considered 
a liquidation to the extent that such other company assumes all obligations which the Issuer has 
undertaken in connection with the Notes. 
(2) 
Quorum, cure. In the events specified in § 10 (1)(b) any notice declaring the Notes due shall, 
unless at the time such notice is received any of the events specified § 10(1)(a),(1)(c), (1)(d) or (1) (e) 
entitling Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the Fiscal Agent 
has received such notices from the Holders of at least 25 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes then outstanding. The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has 
been remedied before the right is exercised. 
(3) 
Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with the above 
mentioned subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a declaration in text form (Textform) in the 
English language to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that such Holder at the 
time of such notice is a Holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certificate of his Custodian (as defined 
in § 15(3)) or in other appropriate manner. 
§ 11 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) 
The provisions in this § 11 do not apply in any case of succession by operation of law. 
Substitution. The Issuer may, irrespective of § 10, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal or of interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the Issuer any company 
as principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with this Series of Notes 
(the "Substitute Debtor") provided that: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Notes; 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Substitute Debtor have obtained all necessary authorisations and the Substitute 
Debtor may transfer to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required hereunder and without being obligated

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country in which the 
Substitute Debtor has its domicile or tax residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment 
obligations arising under the Notes; 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Holder in respect of such substitution; 
[(d) 
the rating of the long-term obligations of the Substitute Debtor is the same or better as the 
respective rating of the Issuer (confirmed by two rating agencies, for example S&P, Moody's or other 
similar agencies);] 
[(d) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder the payment of 
all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes on terms equivalent to the terms of a 
guarantee of the Issuer in respect of senior Notes as a contract for the benefit of the Holders as third party 
beneficiaries pursuant to § 328(1) BGB (German Civil Code)4;] 
(e) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each of the Issuer's and the 
Substitute Debtor's jurisdiction of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), 
(b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied, provided that an opinion with regard to subparagraph (c) shall 
not be delivered if the Substitute Debtor has contractually committed to pay any tax, duty, assessment 
or governmental charge imposed on a Holder in respect of the substitution. 
(2) 
Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 14 (Notices / 
[No] Stock Exchange Listing). 
(3) 
Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these Conditions 
to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor and any reference to the 
country in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed 
to refer to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. 
[If § 11(1)(d) provides for the issuance of a guarantee: 
Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
(a) 
In § 8 and § 6(3) an alternative reference to Croatia shall be deemed to have been included in 
addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence for 
taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor; and 
(b) 
in § 10(1)(c) to (e) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall be 
deemed to have been included in addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor.] 
(4) 
In the event of any such substitution, the Substitute Debtor shall succeed to, and be substituted 
for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under the Notes with the same effect as if the 
Substitute Debtor had been named as the Issuer herein, and the Issuer (or any corporation which shall 
have previously assumed the obligations of the Issuer) shall be released from its liability as obligor under 
the Notes. 
(5) 
After a substitution pursuant to this § 11, the Substitute Debtor may, without the consent of 
Holders, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in § 11 shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
[If § 11(1)(d) provides for the issuance of a guarantee: In particular§ 10(1)(d) shall remain applicable 
in relation to Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d.] References in these Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the 
context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further Substituted Debtor. 
§ 12 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) 
Amendment of the Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt Securities (Gesetz 
über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree with the Issuer 
 
4 
An English language translation of § 328 (1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) reads as follows: "A contract 
may stipulate performance for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to demand 
performance".

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
on amendments of the Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who are 
disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) 
Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent of the votes cast. 
Resolutions relating to amendments of the Conditions which are not material and which do not relate to 
the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3, Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes cast 
(3) 
Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. A 
meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take place 
in the circumstances of § 18 paragraph 4 sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(4) 
Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) 
Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) 
Holders' Representative. 
[If no Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The common representative (the 
"Holders' Representative") shall be [insert name and address of the Holders' Representative]. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. 
To the extent that the Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, 
the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
[If § 11(1)(d) provides for the issuance of a guarantee: (7) 
 
Amendment of Guarantee. 
The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to any guarantee 
provided in relation to the Notes pursuant to § 11(1)(d).] 
§ 13 
FURTHER ISSUES, REPURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same Conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Repurchases. The Issuer may at any time repurchase Notes in any market or otherwise and at 
any price. Notes repurchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered 
to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. 
§ 14 
NOTICES / [NO] STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING 
[If Notes are not intended to be listed, the following applies, insert: 
(1) 
Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
[If Notes are intended to be listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
following applies, insert: 
(1) 
Publication. As long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices 
concerning the Notes will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on 
www.bourse.lu or such other website or other medium for the publication of notices as required in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuer will also 
publish notices on its website www.rba.hr. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given 
to the Holders on the day of such publication. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. If the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the 
Issuer may make a publication referred to in § 14(1) by giving notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in § 14(1) above; 
any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh after the day on which 
the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)][(3)] 
Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in text 
form (Textform) in the English language. The notice must be accompanied by proof that such notifying 
Holder is holder of the relevant Notes at the time of the giving of such notice. Proof may be made by 
means of a certificate of the Custodian (as defined in § 15(3) (Final Provisions)) or in any other 
appropriate manner. So long as Notes are securitised in the form of a Global Note, such notice may be 
given by the Holder to the Fiscal Agent through the Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent 
and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
§ 15 
FINAL PROVISIONS 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders 
and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
(2) 
Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. This is subject to any mandatory provisions of laws on jurisdiction over 
consumer contracts, including any right to recourse to alternative dispute resolution mechanism. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes on the 
basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, 
(b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of 
such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Global Note representing the 
Notes in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the actual 
records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights 
under the Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the proceedings. 
(4) 
Language. These Conditions are written in the English language only. 
(5) 
Consumer protection. No provision in these Conditions shall prejudice any mandatory 
provisions of Croatian consumer protections laws and the rights Holders may have thereunder.

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ELIGIBLE NOTES 
Option II - 
Terms and Conditions for Eligible Notes 
§ 1 
DEFINITIONS 
"Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [the Clearing System] [if 
the Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: [as well as] the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) 
("TARGET")] [is] [are] operational [if the Specified Currency is not EUR or if needed for other 
reasons, insert: [and] commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [all relevant 
financial centres]. 
"Clearing System" means each of Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, ("CBL") and Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear are each an 
"ICSD" (International Central Securities Depositary) and together the "ICSDs"). 
"Conditions" means these Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
"Holder" means any holder of a co-ownership interest or other beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [[[second] [insert other applicable number of days]] 
Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end]5 of the relevant Interest Period.] [first day of the 
relevant Interest Period.] [[●] Business Day[s] prior to [the expiry] [the Coupon Date] of the relevant 
Interest Period.]] 
"Screen Page" means [REUTERS Screen Page [EURIBOR01] [insert Screen Page and additional 
information if necessary] or each successor page][●].] 
"Reference Interest Rate" means the offered quotation for the [number]-month [EURIBOR] [SOFR] 
[insert other reference interest rate] which appears on the Screen Page as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other 
relevant time] ([insert relevant time zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day].] 
[For EURIBOR, insert: 
If – other than in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined below) – the Screen Page is not available 
or if no such quotation appears as at such time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Interest Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Reference Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards) of such offered quotations[, however at least 0.00 per cent per annum], all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Reference Interest Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated at the request of the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the Euro-Zone[, however at least 0.00 
per cent per annum]. 
 
5 In case of SOFR interest determination in arrear, the Interest Determination Date shall not be less than five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Coupon Date.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions the 
Issuer will determine the Reference Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period at its equitable discretion 
according to § 317 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") and also having regard 
to the operational requirements of the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent 
of any determination made by it under these Conditions. 
"Reference Banks" means the offices of not less than [four] [insert other number] major banks in the 
Euro-Zone. 
Reference Interest Rate replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. If the Issuer determines in its 
reasonable discretion (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference 
Interest Rate, or (ii) the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate ceases to calculate and publish the 
Reference Interest Rate permanently or for an indefinite period of time, or (iii) the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar 
proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority, or (iv) the Reference Interest Rate is otherwise being discontinued or otherwise 
ceases to be provided (each of the events in (i) through (iv) a "Discontinuation Event"), the Reference 
Interest Rate shall be replaced, on each relevant Interest Determination Date, by a rate determined or 
procured, as the case may be, by the Issuer (the "Successor Reference Interest Rate") according to the 
following paragraphs in the order of I)-III): 
I) 
The Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is determined by 
any applicable law or regulation or announced by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, the 
competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the Reference 
Interest Rate and the source of which is accessible to the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall thereafter 
inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and, 
subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14. [If, on any previous Interest 
Determination Date, the Successor Reference Interest Rate was also determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph I), no [other] publication obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with 
such Successor Reference Rate or any adjustments or changes made in relation thereto or relating to the 
determination of the [Rate of Interest] [or] [the] [Interest Amount] as set out below;] 
II) 
An Independent Adviser will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor 
reference rate that is most comparable to the Reference Interest Rate, provided that if the Independent 
Adviser determines that there is an industry accepted reference rate as being most comparable to the 
Reference Interest Rate, then the Independent Adviser will use such reference rate as successor reference 
rate (the "Successor Reference Rate") and determine which screen page or source shall be used in 
connection with such Successor Reference Rate (the "Successor Screen Page"). Provided that such 
Successor Screen Page is accessible to the Calculation Agent, any reference to the Screen Page herein 
shall from the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate on be read as a reference to the 
Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The 
Independent Adviser will notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date about such determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders 
of the Notes in accordance with § 14. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Interest Rate with a Successor Reference 
Interest Rate in accordance with the above provisions I) or II) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may specify (i) an interest adjustment factor or fraction or spread (to 
be added or subtracted) which shall be applied to the Successor Reference Interest Rate, for the purpose 
of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the Reference Interest Rate 
before the Discontinuation Event occurred, and (ii) any further changes necessary for determining the 
Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest Amount in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Reference Interest Rate (such as the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day Convention, 
Business Days, the Interest Determination Dates, the method of calculating the Interest Amount). 
Thereafter, the Issuer shall inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14 (other than in 
the case set out in paragraph I) above). There will be no replacement of the Reference Interest Rate, nor 
any adjustment to the calculation of a Rate of Interest, nor will any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments to the Conditions be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to affect the MREL eligibility of the Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
III) 
If the source of the successor rate for the Reference Interest Rate determined in accordance with 
the above provision I) or the Successor Screen Page determined in accordance with the above provision 
II) is not accessible to the Calculation Agent or if the Independent Adviser fails to determine the 
Successor Reference Rate at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and to notify the 
Calculation Agent or in the event that the Issuer, having used reasonable endeavours, fails to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or the period to determine a Successor Reference Interest Rate according to the 
provisions above was not sufficient, the Issuer will decide in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) 
and not less than 3 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the "Procedures Determination Date"): 
[a)] 
that the Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered quotation for the Reference Interest Rate 
which appeared on the Screen Page on the last day preceding the relevant Interest Determination Date 
on which such quotations were offered and shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance 
with § 14[.][; or 
b) 
(subject to the provisions of  § 6 (9)) to redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, by giving not 
less than 20 days' notice in accordance with § 14, at the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount] (as defined below pursuant to § 6), together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for such early redemption. 
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment 
Date] following the Procedures Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption Amount]. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the Reference Interest Rate applicable from the last [Coupon 
Date] [Interest Payment Date] prior to the redemption date until (but excluding) the redemption date 
shall be the Reference Interest Rate applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period.] 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international standing or an 
independent financial adviser with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal 
Reserve's website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If SOFR is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time and, (1) unless the Issuer has 
confirmed to the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, this SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day applies for which SOFR was published on the Screen Page; or (2) if the Issuer has 
confirmed to the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was notified to the 
Calculation Agent by the Issuer as being the rate that was recommended as the replacement for the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a replacement for the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other designated 
administrator), provided that, if no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as 
having been recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date, then the rate for each [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] 
occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if (i) references to 
SOFR were references to OBFR, (ii) references to U.S. Government Securities Business Day were 
references to New York Business Day, (iii) references to SOFR Index Cessation Event were references 
to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references to SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date were

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
references to OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date; and provided further that, if no such rate has been 
notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as having been so recommended within one U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date and an OBFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date has occurred, then the rate for each [Interest Determination Date] [determine 
other day] occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
(x) references to SOFR were references to FOMC Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day were references to New York Business Day and (z) references to the Screen 
Page were references to the Federal Reserve's Website. 
Where: 
"FOMC Target Rate" means, the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market 
Committee and published on the Federal Reserve's Website or, if the Federal Open Market Committee 
does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal 
Open Market Committee and published on the Federal Reserve's Website (calculated as the arithmetic 
average of the upper bound of the target range and the lower bound of the target range). 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
"OBFR", means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the daily Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate in respect of the New York Business Day immediately preceding such Interest Determination Date 
as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator) on the New York Fed's Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Interest 
Determination Date. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date 
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate), ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
the OBFR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish 
or provide OBFR; or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of 
OBFR that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap 
transactions. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, the date 
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate), ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity prohibiting the use of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, 
including existing swap transactions.] 
[If Reference Swap Rate is applicable, insert: 
"Reference Swap Rate" is the ["[insert number of years/months] [year][months] [insert relevant 
currency]"] Swap Rate and means [[●] / insert definition /Screen Page]. 
If the Reference Swap Rate is not displayed on the Screen Page on the Interest Adjustment Determination 
Date, the Reference Swap Rate is equal to the Reset Reference Bank Rate (as defined below) on that 
Interest Adjustment Determination Date. 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means the percentage rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
basis of the [[insert number of years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] 
Quotations (as defined below) provided by [five] [insert other number] leading swap dealers in the 
interbank market (the "Reset Reference Banks") at the request of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent at 
approximately [insert time] ([insert time zone]), on the Interest Adjustment Determination Date. If at 
least [three] [insert other number] quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality one of 
the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the applicable Reset Reference Bank Rate shall be equal to the last [[insert number of 
years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] available on the Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
["[[insert number of years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] Quotation" 
means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg (calculated on [insert day count 
fraction]) of a [insert reference swap rate] which (i) has a term of [insert number of [years][months]] 
commencing on the Interest Adjustment Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledgement dealer of good credit in 
the swap market and (iii) has a floating interest based on the [insert reference interest rate] (calculated 
on an [insert day count fraction] basis).] 
[insert other definitions for Quotation]  
[Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] replacement in case of a Discontinuation 
Event. If the Issuer determines in its reasonable discretion (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent to use the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation], or (ii) the 
administrator of the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] ceases to calculate 
and publish the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] permanently or for an 
indefinite period of time, or (iii) the administrator of the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition 
for quotation] becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding 
(affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory 
authority, or (iv) the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] is otherwise being 
discontinued or otherwise ceases to be provided (each of the events in (i) through (iv) a "Discontinuation 
Event"), the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] shall be replaced, on [the] 
[each] relevant Interest Determination Date, by a rate determined or procured, as the case may be, by the 
Issuer (the "Successor Quotation Rate") according to the following paragraphs in the order of I)-III): 
I) The [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] shall be replaced with the reference 
rate, which is determined by any applicable law or regulation or announced by the administrator of the 
[Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation], the competent central bank or a regulatory 
or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for 
quotation] and the source of which is accessible to the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall thereafter 
inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and, 
subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14. [If, on any previous Interest

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
Determination Date, the Successor Quotation Rate was also determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph I), no [other] publication obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with 
such Successor Quotation Rate or any adjustments or changes made in relation thereto or relating to the 
determination of the [Rate of Interest] [or] [Interest Amount] as set out below; ] 
II) An Independent Adviser will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor 
reference rate that is most comparable to the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for 
quotation], provided that if the Independent Adviser determines that there is an industry accepted 
reference rate as being most comparable to the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for 
quotation], then the Independent Adviser will use such reference rate as successor reference rate (the 
"Successor Reference Rate") and determine which screen page or source shall be used in connection 
with such Successor Reference Rate (the "Successor Screen Page"). Provided that such Successor 
Screen Page is accessible to the Calculation Agent, any reference to the Screen Page herein shall from 
the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate on be read as a reference to the Successor 
Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Independent Adviser 
will notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination 
Date about such determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance 
with § 14.  
Further and in addition to any replacement of the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for 
quotation] with a Successor Quotation Rate in accordance with the above provisions I) or II) the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may specify (i) an interest adjustment 
factor or fraction or spread (to be added or subtracted) which shall be applied to the Successor Quotation 
Rate, for the purpose of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the 
[Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] before the Discontinuation Event occurred, 
and (ii) any further changes necessary for determining the Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest 
Amount in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Quotation Rate (such as the Day 
Count Fraction, the Business Day Convention, Business Days, the Interest Determination Dates, the 
method of calculating the Interest Amount). Thereafter, the Issuer shall inform the Calculation Agent at 
least 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 14 (other than in the case set out in paragraph I) above). 
III) If the source of the successor rate for the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for 
quotation] determined in accordance with the above provision I) or the Successor Screen Page 
determined in accordance with the above provision II) is not accessible to the Calculation Agent or if the 
Independent Adviser fails to determine the Successor Reference Rate at the latest 10 days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date and to notify the Calculation Agent or in the event that the Issuer, having 
used reasonable endeavours, fails to appoint an Independent Adviser or the period to determine a 
Successor Quotation Rate according to the provisions above was not sufficient, the Issuer will decide 
in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) and not less than 3 Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "Procedures Determination 
Date"):  
[a)] that the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] shall be such [Reference Swap 
Rate][insert other definition for quotation] which appeared on the Screen Page on the last day preceding 
the relevant Interest Determination Date on which such quotations were offered and shall thereafter 
inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14[.] [; or 
b) (subject to the provisions of  § 6 (9)) to redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, by giving not less 
than 20 days' notice in accordance with § 14, at the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount] (as defined below pursuant to § 6), together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for such early redemption. 
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption;  
(ii) the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
following the Procedures Determination Date; and

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
(iii) the [Final Redemption Amount] [Early Redemption Amount]. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the Reference Interest Rate applicable from the last [Coupon 
Date] [Interest Payment Date] prior to the redemption date until (but excluding) the redemption date 
shall be the Reference Interest Rate applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period.] 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international standing or an 
independent financial adviser with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.] 
§ 2 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, ISSUE DATE, FORM, CUSTODY 
(1) 
Currency – Denomination – Issue Date. This Series of Notes (the "Notes") of Raiffeisenbank 
Austria d.d. (the "Issuer") is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the "Issue Date") in [insert Specified 
Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [aggregate principal 
amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the denomination of [insert Specified 
Denomination6] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form. 
(a) 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note insert: 
(b) 
Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note" or the "Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall 
each be signed by duly authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of 
the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note to be exchanged for 
a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(b) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange – Permanent Global Note. 
(i) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" and, together 
with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" and, each a "Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by duly authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive 
notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(ii) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date 
(the "Exchange Date") not later than 180 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. 
The Exchange Date for such exchange will not be earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. 
person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in respect of each such 
payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant 
to subparagraph (b) of this § 2(2). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note 
shall be delivered only outside of the United States. For purposes of this subparagraph, "United States" 
means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands).] 
 
6 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000 at the time of the trade date of the Notes.

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
(3) 
Custody. The Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until 
all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
[In the case that the Global Note is an NGN, insert: The Notes are issued in New Global Note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's 
interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by ICSD stating the principal 
amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
ICSD at that time. For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial early redemption of the 
Notes, the outstanding redemption amount will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a 
nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs. 
On any redemption in respect of, or purchase by or on behalf of the Issuer and cancellation of, any of 
the Notes represented by the Global Note details of such redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) shall be entered by or on behalf of the Issuer in the records of the ICSDs.] 
[In the case that the Global Note is a CGN, insert: The Notes are issued in Classical Global Note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
§ 3 
STATUS 
(1) 
Status Eligible Notes. The Notes shall qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments (as defined 
below). 
[In the case of Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes, insert: 
(2) 
Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes. The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking in the event of normal insolvency proceedings 
(prisilna likvidacija) of the Issuer: 
(a) 
junior to the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations, so that in any such event no amounts will be 
payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations have been satisfied in full; 
(b) 
pari passu (i) among themselves; and (ii) (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions and 
without prejudice to the aforesaid) with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes; and 
(c) 
senior to all present or future obligations under (i) Non-Preferred Senior Instruments and any 
obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu with Non-Preferred Senior Instruments; and (ii) all 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
Where: 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" means all obligations of the Issuer which pursuant to mandatory 
provisions of law, rank or are expressed to rank senior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes. 
"Non-Preferred Senior Instruments" means any obligations of the Issuer which fall or are expressed 
to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 32 of the Croatian Act on the Resolution 
of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms and any other obligations of the Issuer which, to the extent 
permitted by Croatian law, rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior 
Instruments of the Issuer. 
"Croatian Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms" means the Act on the 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (OG 146/2020) (Zakon o sanaciji kreditnih 
institucija i investicijskih društava), as amended or replaced from time to time and any references in 
these Conditions to relevant provisions of the Croatian Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
Investment Firms include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such 
provisions from time to time.] 
[In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes, insert: 
(2) 
Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes: The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, ranking in the event of normal insolvency 
proceedings (prilsilna likvijdacija) of the Issuer: 
(a) 
junior to the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations, so that in any such event no amounts will be 
payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations have been satisfied in full; 
(b) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future Non-Preferred Senior 
Instruments (other than senior instruments or obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank senior 
or junior to the Notes); and 
(c) 
senior to all present or future claims under: (i) ordinary shares and other Common Equity Tier 1 
instruments pursuant to Article 28 CRR of the Issuer; (ii) Additional Tier 1 instruments pursuant to 
Article 52 CRR of the Issuer; (iii) Tier 2 instruments pursuant to Article 63 CRR of the Issuer; and 
(iv) all other subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer.  
The Issuer and the Holder agree that the claim in respect to the Notes is a claim which in normal 
insolvency proceedings (prilsilna likvidacija) of the Issuer shall be settled in accordance with Article 32 
Paragraph (2) Point 3. of the Croatian Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms. 
Where: 
"CRR" means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to 
time (including as amended by Regulation (EU) No 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019), and any references in these Conditions to relevant Articles of the CRR include 
references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such Articles from time to time. 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means any (directly issued) debt instruments of the Issuer that 
qualify as eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to Article 72b CRR and/or the Croatian Act on the 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as the case may be, which are included in the 
amount to be complied with for the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities pursuant 
to the Croatian Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, including any debt 
instruments that qualify as eligible liabilities items pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR 
and/or the Croatian Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as the case may 
be. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" means all unsecured obligations of the Issuer (other than Non-
Preferred Senior Instruments) which, in accordance with their terms or pursuant to mandatory provisions 
of law, rank or by their terms are expressed to rank senior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
including any present or future claims which are excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a 
(2) of the CRR.  
"Non-Preferred Senior Instruments" means any obligations of the Issuer which fall or are expressed 
to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 32 of the Croatian Act on the Resolution 
of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms and any other obligations of the Issuer which, to the extent 
permitted by Croatian law, rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior 
Instruments of the Issuer. 
"Croatian Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms" means Act on the 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (OG 146/2020) (Zakon o sanaciji kreditnih 
institucija i investicijskih društava), as amended or replaced from time to time and any references in 
these Conditions to relevant provisions to the Croatian Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and 
Investment Firms include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such 
provisions from time to time.]

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
(3) 
No Set-off/Netting; No Security/Guarantee; No Enhancement of Seniority. The Notes are not 
subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in 
resolution. The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement that 
enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes.  
(4) 
Possibility of statutory resolution measures. Prior to any normal insolvency proceeding 
(prisilna likvidacija) of the Issuer, under the applicable banking resolution provisions, including the 
Croatian Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, and the Capital Regulations 
and the Applicable Law, the Resolution Authority may exercise the power to write down (including to 
zero) the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, convert them into shares or other instruments of 
ownership of the Issuer or another entity, in each case in whole or in part, or apply any other resolution 
tool or action, including (but not limited to) any deferral or transfer of the obligations to another entity, 
an amendment of the Terms and Conditions or a cancellation of the Notes.  
Where: 
"Applicable Law" means the legislation of Croatia and the European Union as applicable in Croatia 
(including secondary or delegated legislation, and any regulations, decisions or rules of any public 
authority which are legally binding) in force, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 
2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) No 
1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including as amended by Directive 2019/879 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019), or such other acts as may come into effect in place thereof and any 
references in these Conditions to relevant articles of the BRDD include references to any applicable 
provisions of law amending or replacing such articles from time to time. 
"Capital Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, standards, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity for credit institutions of either (i) the Croatian National Bank 
and/or (ii) any other national or European authority, in each case then in effect in Croatia and applicable 
to the Issuer, including, as at the date hereof, CRR, CRD, BRRD, as well as any delegated or 
implementing acts adopted by the European Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking 
Authority, each as amended from time to time, or such other acts as may come into effect in place thereof 
and any references in these Terms and Conditions to relevant articles of the Capital Regulations include 
references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such articles from time to time. 
"CRD" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC as amended or replaced from time to time (including as amended by Directive 2019/878 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019), or such other acts as may come into effect 
in place thereof and any references in these Conditions to relevant articles of the CRD include references 
to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such articles from time to time. 
"Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(130) CRR which is 
responsible for recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an individual and/or consolidated basis.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
§ 4 
INTEREST 
[In case of Fixed Rate Notes, insert: 
(1) 
Rate of Interest, Interest Period[s]. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest in arrear based on their principal amount during the Interest 
Period[s] from (and including) [insert interest commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement 
Date") to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [last] Coupon date] 
[in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1))]. 
[An][The] "Interest Period" is respectively from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date][Maturity Date] [and thereafter 
from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: Coupon Date] [in case 
of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of 
no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case 
of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: next following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date].] 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
The rate of interest is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent per annum (the "Rate of Interest"). 
(2) 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] in each year (each 
such date a "Coupon Date") and always remain unadjusted.] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] 
(the "Coupon Date") and it remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert 
last Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
This may fall on a Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls 
on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out 
in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of short/long Interest Periods insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended];] [first Coupon Date is: [●]] [last Coupon Date is: [●]].] 
(3) 
Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below).] 
[In case of Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
(1) 
Rate of Interest, Interest Periods. The Notes shall bear interest in arrear based on their principal 
amount from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement 
Date") for 
(a) the first [insert number if necessary] Interest Period[s], that is from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] 
[insert another number] Coupon Date] [, i.e. [insert date],] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period 
insert: [first] [insert another number] Interest Payment Date] [on] [in] [insert [date] [month][year]] 
with an interest rate of [insert Rate of Interest] per cent per annum (the "Initial Interest Rate"); 
[[(b)] from the [●] Interest Period, that is from (and including) the [●] [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment 
Date] [on][in] [insert [date][month] [year]] (the "[●] Interest Adjustment Date") to (but excluding) 
the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [●] Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of 
Interest Period insert: [●] Interest Payment Date] [on][in] [insert [date][month][year]], the Notes shall

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
bear interest for each Interest Period [with an interest rate of [insert Rate of Interest] per cent per annum] 
[at a Rate of Interest determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined in § 7 (Agents)) on the Interest 
Adjustment Determination Date, which is equal to the Reference Swap Rate [plus][minus] [the relevant 
Margin]] (the "[●] Reset Interest Rate");] 
[(b)] [thereafter,] from the [●] Interest Period, that is from (and including) the [●] [Coupon Date] 
[Interest Payment Date] [on][in] [insert [date][month][year]] (the "[●] Interest Adjustment Date") to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: last Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date] [on][in] [insert [date][month][year]], the Notes 
shall bear interest for each Interest Period [with an interest rate of [insert Rate of Interest] per cent per 
annum] [at a Rate of Interest determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined in § 7 (Agents)) on the 
Interest Adjustment Determination Date, which is equal to the Reference Swap Rate [plus][minus] [the 
relevant Margin]] (the "[●] Reset Interest Rate"). 
[In the case of short/long first Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the First Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant swap rate will be the linear interpolation between the available 
swap rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and the available 
swap rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of short/long last Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Last Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant swap rate will be the linear interpolation between the available 
swap rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and the available 
swap rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period.)] 
["Margin" corresponds to a surcharge or disagio in percentage points and has been determined for the 
[first] [●] Interest Period as [●], [for the [●] Interest Period as [●]] [insert further].] 
An "Interest Period" is respectively from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: first Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period insert: first Interest Payment Date] and thereafter from (and including) 
each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of 
Interest Period insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of 
Interest Period insert: the next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Interest Period insert: next following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]. 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(2) 
Coupon Dates, Interest Payment Dates. Interest shall be payable pursuant to (a) [annually] 
[semi-annually] [quarterly] [,][and] pursuant to (b) [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [[,][and] 
pursuant to [([●])] [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear. 
Coupon Dates are for the Interest Periods pursuant to (a) [insert Coupon Date[s]] in each year [for the 
Interest Periods pursuant to (b) [insert Coupon Date[s]] in each year] [and for the Interest Periods 
pursuant to [([●])] [insert Coupon Date[s]] in each year] (each such date a "Coupon Date") and always 
remain unadjusted. 
The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert 
last Coupon Date]. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
This may fall on the Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set 
out in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention).

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
[In the case of short/long Interest Period insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended]; [first Coupon Date is: [insert first Coupon Date] [("First Coupon Date")]] [last Coupon 
Date is: [insert last Coupon Date] [("Last Coupon Date")]].] 
"Interest Adjustment Determination Date" means the [second][insert number of days] Business Day 
prior to the [relevant] Interest Adjustment Day. Business Day means for the purpose of this paragraph 
any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [the Clearing System] [if the Specified Currency 
is EUR or if TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: [as well as] the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) ("TARGET")] [is][are] operational] 
[if the Specified Currency is not EUR or if needed for other reasons, insert: [and] commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [all relevant financial centres]]. 
[In case a minimum rate of interest applies insert: (3) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] (Floor).] 
[In case a maximum rate of interest applies insert: (4) 
Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert maximum rate of interest] (Cap).] 
[(5)] Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below). 
[(6)] Notification of Rate of Interest. The Calculation Agent will cause [the] [each] Reset Interest Rate 
to be notified (i) to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event later than [the second] [●] Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period] [first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert other 
time], and (ii) to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [14] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange 
Listing) hereof. 
Note to Holders: The Margin to be used for determining the Reset Interest Rate[s] is equal to the Margin 
over the [n-year/months] swap rate [other Reference Interest Rates] at the time of pricing implied in the 
Initial Interest rate.] 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
(1) 
Interest Period[s], Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their 
principal amount during the Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement 
Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest 
Period insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date 
(as defined in § 6(1))]. 
[An][The] "Interest Period" is [respectively] from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [and thereafter 
from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: Coupon Date] [in case 
of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of 
no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case 
of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity 
Date].] 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
Coupon Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear. 
[Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] (each such date a "Coupon

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
Date") and always remain unadjusted.] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the "Coupon Date") 
and it remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert 
last Coupon Date].] 
(c) 
Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment 
Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
This may fall on the Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set 
out in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of short/long Interest Period insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended]]; [first Coupon Date is: [insert first Coupon Date] [("First Coupon Date")]] [last Coupon 
Date is: [insert last Coupon Date] [("Last Coupon Date")]].] 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for [the][each] Interest Period will 
be, except as provided below,  
[For EURIBOR, insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate[, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00 per cent per 
annum, a Reference Interest Rate of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied,] [in case of multiplication 
with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a 
Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily SOFR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with the formula below on the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) [, whereby a 
Compounded Daily SOFR of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied, should such Compounded Daily 
SOFR be below 0.00 per cent per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied 
by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum. 
The Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Interest Rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation 
Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in such Applicable Period.

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(provided that "p" shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days without the 
prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Interest Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where 
lag is specified as the Observation Method: the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i".][otherwise: the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i".]] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for Floating Rate Notes: 
[In the case of short/long first Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the First Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of short/long last Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Last Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)] 
["Factor" means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest 
Period] as [+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
["Margin" means [●] per cent per annum.] 
[In case a minimum rate of interest applies insert: (3) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] (Floor).] 
[In case a maximum rate of interest applies insert: [(4)] Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert maximum rate of interest] (Cap).] 
[(5)] 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount 
of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period. The relevant 
Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined below) to [the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes] [the Specified 
Denomination] and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 
of such unit being rounded upwards. 
[(6)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the [[second] [●] Business Day prior to 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period] [first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert other 
date], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. 
Each Interest Amount and each Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the 
Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange and to the Holders as soon as 
possible in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).]] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than [4 Business Days prior to the expiry of 
the relevant Interest Period [[the second] [●] Business Day prior to the [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment 
Date] of the [relevant] Interest Period], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. ]]] 
[In case of Notes with Fixed to [Fixed to] Floating interest rates, insert:  
(1) 
Fixed Interest.  
(a) 
Rate of Interest, Fixed Interest Period[s], Interest Exchange Day. The Notes shall bear interest 
in arrear based on their principal amount during the Fixed Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert 
interest commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the [in case of 
no adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [first] [●] [last] Fixed Coupon Date] [, i.e. [insert date]] 
[in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [first] [●] [last] Fixed Interest Payment Date] 
(the "Fixed Interest Rate Period"). 
[A][The] "Fixed Interest Period" is [respectively] from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] [Fixed Coupon 
Date] [or] [Interest Exchange Day]] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: [first]

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
[Fixed Interest Payment Date] [[or] [Interest Exchange Day]]] [and thereafter from (and including) each 
[in case of no adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: Fixed Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Fixed Interest Period insert: Fixed Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no 
adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: the next following Fixed Coupon Date or Interest Exchange 
Day, as the case may be] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period insert: next following Fixed 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Exchange Day, as the case may be]]. 
"Interest Exchange Day" means [the [last] Fixed Coupon Date, i.e. [insert date]] [the Fixed Interest 
Payment Date relating to the [last] Fixed Coupon Date [i.e. [insert [last] Fixed Coupon Date]]]. 
The Fixed Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
[In case of one interest rate for the entire Fixed Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate of interest for 
the Fixed Interest Rate Period is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent per annum (the "Fixed Interest 
Rate").] 
[In case of several interest rates during the Fixed Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate[s] of interest 
during the Fixed Interest Rate Period [is][are] for the [first] Fixed Interest Period [from the Interest 
Commencement Date to the [first][Fixed Coupon Date][Fixed Interest Payment Date]] [insert Rate of 
Interest] per cent per annum [,][and] [for the [n-th] Fixed Interest Period from the [insert relevant Fixed 
Coupon Date][insert relevant Fixed Interest Payment Date] to the [insert relevant Fixed Coupon 
Date][insert relevant Fixed Interest Payment Date] [insert Rate of Interest] per cent per annum (the 
relevant "Fixed Interest Rate[s]").] 
(b) 
Fixed Coupon Date[s], Fixed Interest Payment Date[s]. Fixed interest shall be payable in arrear. 
[Fixed Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Fixed Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] (each such date 
a "Fixed Coupon Date") and remain always unadjusted.] [Fixed Coupon Date is on [insert Fixed 
Coupon Date] (the "Fixed Coupon Date") and it remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Fixed Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Fixed Coupon Date]. The last Fixed Coupon Date 
[insert last Fixed Coupon Date].] 
Fixed interest on the Notes shall be payable on [each][the] Fixed Interest Payment Date. 
"Fixed Interest Payment Date" means such Business Day, on which the fixed interest is in fact due and 
payable. This may fall on a Fixed Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the 
Fixed Coupon Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the 
adjustment provision as set out in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of short/long Fixed Interest Period insert: [The [first] [last] Fixed Interest Period is 
[shortened] [extended];] [first Fixed Coupon Date is: [insert first Fixed Coupon Date]] [last Fixed 
Coupon Date is: [insert last Fixed Coupon Date]].] 
(c) 
Calculation of Fixed Interest for Partial Periods. If fixed interest is required to be calculated 
for a period of less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction (as defined below). 
(2) 
Floating Interest. 
(a) 
Rate of Interest, Floating Interest Period[s], Floating Interest Payment Date[s]. The Notes shall 
bear interest in arrear based on their principal amount during the Floating Interest Period[s] from (and 
including) the Interest Exchange Day to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating 
Interest Period insert: [last] Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest 
Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1))]. 
[A][The] "Floating Interest Period" is [respectively] from (and including) the Interest Exchange Day 
to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating Interest 
Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of 
Floating Interest Period insert: Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest 
Period insert: Floating Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of 
Floating Interest Period insert: the next following Floating Coupon Date or last Floating Coupon Date]

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
[in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: the next following Floating Interest 
Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Floating Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
Floating Coupon Date[s]. Floating interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear. ["Floating Coupon Dates" are in each case on [insert floating coupon dates] [in 
each year] (each such date a "Floating Coupon Date") and always remain unadjusted.] 
["Floating Coupon Date" is the [insert floating coupon date] and it always remains unadjusted.] 
[The first Floating Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Floating Coupon Date]. The last Floating 
Coupon Date shall be on [insert last Floating Coupon Date].] 
(c) 
Floating Interest Payment Date[s].  
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [each][the] Floating Interest Payment Date.  
Floating Interest Payment Date means such Business Day, on which the floating interest is in fact due 
and payable. This may fall on the Floating Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day 
– if the Floating Coupon Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day based on the application of the 
adjustment provision as set out in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of short/long Floating Interest Periods insert: [The [first] [last] Floating Interest Period is 
[shortened] [extended];] [first Floating Coupon Date is: [insert first Floating Coupon Date] [("First 
Coupon Date")]] [last Floating Coupon Date is: [insert last Floating Coupon Date] [("Last Coupon 
Date")]].] 
(d) 
Floating Rate of Interest. The floating rate of interest (the "Floating Rate of Interest") for 
[the][each] Floating Interest Period will, except as provided below, be  
[For EURIBOR, insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate [, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00 per cent per 
annum, a Reference Interest Rate of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied,] [in case of multiplication 
with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a 
Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily SOFR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with the formula below on the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) [, whereby a 
Compounded Daily SOFR of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied, should such Compounded Daily 
SOFR be below 0.00 per cent per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied 
by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum. 
The Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Interest Rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] ×
𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation 
Method is observation shift: the Observation Period].

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
"BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in such Applicable Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(provided that "p" shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days without the 
prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Interest Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where 
lag is specified as the Observation Method: the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i".][otherwise: the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i".]] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for floating rate interest of Notes with Fixed to [Fixed 
to] Floating interest rates: 
[In the case of short/long first Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the First Floating Coupon Date 
(the "Interpolated Floating Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the 
linear interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term 
of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer 
term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of short/long last Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the Last Floating Coupon Date 
(the "Interpolated Floating Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the 
linear interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term 
of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer 
term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)]

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
["Factor" means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest 
Period] as [+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
["Margin" corresponds to a surcharge or disagio in percentage points and has been determined [for the 
[first] [●] Interest Period] as [●] [for the [●] Interest Period] as [●]] [insert further].] 
[In case a minimum rate of interest applies insert: (3) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: If the Floating 
Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Floating Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Floating Rate of Interest for 
such Floating Interest Period shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] (Floor).] 
[In case a maximum rate of interest applies insert: [(4)] Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Floating 
Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Floating Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Floating Rate of Interest 
for such Floating Interest Period shall be [insert maximum rate of interest] (Cap).] 
[(5)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after [the][each] time at 
which the Floating Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Floating Rate of Interest and 
calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Floating 
Interest Period. The relevant Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Floating Rate of Interest 
and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to [the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes] [the Specified Denomination] and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified 
Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards. 
[(6)] Notification of Floating Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the [[second] [●] Business Day prior to 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period] [first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert other 
date], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. 
Each Interest Amount and each Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the 
Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange and to the Holders as soon as 
possible in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).]] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than [4 Business Days prior to the expiry of 
the relevant Interest Period [[the second] [●] Business Day prior to the [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment 
Date] of the [relevant] Interest Period], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. ]]]]

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for interest: 
[(7)] Accrual of Interest and Default Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest shall accrue on the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes from (and including) the due date to 
(but excluding) the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by 
law.7 
[(8)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined below) 
during which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation Period will be the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such 
Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the Calculation 
Period will be the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination 
Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year][; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year].] 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any year to but 
excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, 
then such dates in the alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) (Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February 
 
7 
According to paragraphs 288(1) and 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB"), the default rate of interest 
established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank semi-annually.

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30/360 
or Bond Basis).] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month) (30E/360 or Eurobond Basis).] 
[If 360/360, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with twelve 30-day months (360/360).]] 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of principal, interest and any Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 8(1)), in respect of the Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note to be exchanged for 
a Permanent Global Note, insert: Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global 
Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order by the Paying 
Agent for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as 
provided in § 2(2)(b).] 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the freely negotiable and convertible currency 
which on the respective due date is the currency of the country of the Specified Currency. 
(3) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws. All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of § 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of § 8 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
[In the case of Notes not denominated in Euro, insert: 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the respective Payment Business Day is not available 
to it in such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons beyond its control or that the Specified 
Currency or any successor currency to it provided for by law (the "Successor Currency") is no longer 
used for the settlement of international financial transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment 
obligations by making such payment in Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the respective 
Payment Business Day on the basis of the Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled to 
further interest or any other payment as a result thereof. The "Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be, (i) if 
available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for the Specified Currency or the Successor Currency 
determined and published by the European Central Bank for the most recent practicable date falling 
within a reasonable period (as determined by the Issuer in its equitable discretion) prior to the day on 
which the payment is made or, (ii) if such rate is not available, the foreign exchange rate of the Specified 
Currency or the Successor Currency against the Euro as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion.] 
(4) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(5) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day, then the payability and actual payment date depend on the Business Day

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
Convention as applicable according to subparagraph (5). The Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place. Irrespective of the provisions regarding the Interest Period, 
the Holder shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
["Payment Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [the Clearing 
System] [if the Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: [as well 
as] the Trans European Automated Real time Gross settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) 
("TARGET")] [is][are] operational][and] [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in [insert all relevant financial centres].] 
(6) 
Business Day Convention. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note would 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be 
[if Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day. 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if FRN Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.]] 
§ 6 
REDEMPTION 
(1) 
Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [in case of a specified 
Maturity Date insert such Maturity Date] [in case of a Redemption Month insert: the [Floating] 
Interest Payment Date falling in [insert Redemption Month and Redemption Year]] (the "Maturity 
Date"). 
(2) 
Final Redemption Amount. 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at their principal amount insert: 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be equal to its principal amount.] 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount other than the principal amount insert: 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be [insert currency] [insert amount 
greater than or equal to the principal amount] for each Note.] 
(3) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
(a) 
Provided that the conditions provided in § 6[(9)] are met, the Notes may be declared repayable, 
in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' 
prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, pursuant to § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange 
Listing) to the Holders, at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) together with interest (if 
any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption (but excluding) if as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of Croatia or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto 
or therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment 
to, an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations (including relevant court decision), 
which amendment or change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of 
Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 8(1)) on the 
immediately succeeding [Coupon Date][Floating] [Fixed] Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 4(2)), 
and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer.

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
(b) 
However, such Early Redemption may not occur (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. [In case of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes, insert: The date 
fixed for Early Redemption must be [a [Floating] Coupon Date] [Fixed Coupon Date] [[an] [a Fixed] 
Interest Payment Date][a Floating Interest Payment Date].] 
(c) 
Any such notice for Early Redemption shall be given to the Fiscal Agent and pursuant to § 14 
(Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing). It shall be irrevocable and must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and the Early Redemption Amount. 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(4)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole or in part, upon giving not more than [60][●] 
[Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30][●] [Business Days'] [days'] notice in accordance with § 6 
[(6)], on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the [Call Redemption Amount[s]] set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the [respective] Call Redemption Date, provided that the 
conditions provided in § 6[(9)] are met. 
(b) 
["Call Redemption Date[s]"] [is] [are] [insert Call Redemption Date[s]] 
(c) 
["Call Redemption Amount[s]"] [is] [are] [insert Call Redemption Amount[s]] [for the 
following Call Redemption Date[s] [insert Call Redemption Date[s]]]. 
Such a redemption has to be made [at least] [at most] in the amount of [●] per cent of the principal 
amount of the Notes. 
(d) 
[In case of a minimum Call Redemption Amount or an increased Call Redemption Amount 
insert: The Notes have to be redeemed at [their principal amount] [an amount which is at least equal to 
[insert minimum Call Redemption Amount][insert increased Call Redemption Amount]] per Note.] 
[(5)] 
Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. 
If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely to result or has 
resulted in their exclusion in full or in part from liabilities eligible for the minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) of the Issuer pursuant to the Croatian Act on the Resolution of 
Credit Institutions and Investment Firms on an unlimited and uncapped basis, the Issuer may, upon 
giving not more than [60][[●]][Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30][[●]][Business Days'] [days'] 
prior notice in accordance with § 6[(6)], at any time redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at the 
Early Redemption Amount, together with interest (if any) accrued to but excluding the date fixed for 
early redemption of the Notes on the date fixed for early redemption in the notice, provided that the 
conditions provided in § 6[(9)] are met. 
[(6)] 
Notice of Early Redemption. 
Any notice of Early Redemption of the Notes shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and pursuant 
to § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders and shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes that is to be redeemed; 
(ii) 
a statement as to whether the Series is redeemed in whole or in part and in the latter case the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
the date fixed for early redemption of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
the Early Redemption Amount [in case of an Early Redemption pursuant to § 6[(4)] (Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), insert: and the Call Redemption Amount] at which the Notes 
are redeemed.

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
[(7)] 
No early Redemption at the Option of the Holder. The Holders do not have a right to demand 
an early redemption of the Notes. 
[(8)] 
Early Redemption Amount. 
For the purpose of [§ 1 (Definitions) and] § 6(3) (Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation) and 
§ 6[(5)] (Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) the Early Redemption Amount of a Note is equal 
to [the Final Redemption Amount][insert other amount/rate]. 
[(9)] 
Conditions for Early Redemption and Repurchase. Any early redemption pursuant to this § 6 
and any repurchase pursuant to § 13(2) is subject to the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of 
the Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority) for the Early Redemption or any 
repurchase pursuant to § 13(2) in accordance with the Articles 77 and 78a CRR, in each case if and to 
the extent such prior permission is required at this time and either of the following conditions is met:  
(i) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority, that its own funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities provided in CRR, CRD and BRRD by a margin that the Resolution 
Authority, acting in agreement with the competent authority, may consider necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority, that the partial or 
full replacement of the Notes with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with own 
fund requirements provided in CRR and CRD for continuing authorisation.  
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any early redemption or repurchase, the 
prevailing supervisory regulations applicable to the Issuer permit the early redemption or repurchase 
only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above, 
the Issuer shall comply, instead or in addition (as applicable) with such other and/or, as appropriate, 
additional pre-conditions, if any. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of any Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory 
authority) to grant any required permission, approval or other consent shall not constitute a default for 
any purpose. 
§ 7 
AGENTS 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents (the "Agents") and their respective specified 
offices are: 
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent": 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
[other/further Fiscal/Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s)] 
["Calculation Agent": 
[The Fiscal Agent shall also act as Calculation Agent.] 
[insert name and address of Calculation Agent]]] 
[Other Agents: [insert name and address of other Agents]]

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to change its respective specified office to some 
other specified office in the same country. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint another Fiscal Agent/Paying Agent 
or additional or other Agents in accordance with all applicable regulations. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after 10 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance 
with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing). 
(3) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Agents named above act solely as agent of the Issuer and do not have 
any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) 
Determinations Binding. All determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained under these Conditions by any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer and all other Agents/agents and the Holders. 
§ 8 
TAXATION 
(1) 
Taxation. All amounts payable in respect of the interest under the Notes will be made by the 
Issuer free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
Croatia or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as will 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders after such withholding or deduction 
will equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction (the "Additional Amounts"). However, no such 
Additional Amounts will be payable on account of any Taxes which are held by or on behalf of a Holder 
which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by 
reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note. 
(2) 
FATCA Withholding. The Issuer will be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required 
by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by 
another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA Withholding"). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay 
additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a Holder, beneficial owner or other intermediary for any such 
FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") in relation to the Notes is reduced to ten years. 
§ 10 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
No Holder shall have the right to accelerate the future scheduled payment of interest or principal under 
the Notes, other than in the compulsory liquidation (prisilna likvidacija) of the Issuer. 
To the maximum permitted by applicable laws, no Holder shall have the right to accelerate the future 
scheduled payment of interest or principal under the Notes in case an early intervention (rana 
intervencija) measure, a resolution (sanacija) measure, a moratorium or any other action or measure that 
may be taken against the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Institutions Act and the Act on the Resolution of 
Credit Institutions and Investment Firms.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
§ 11 
SUBSTITUTION 
This paragraph is not applicable. 
§ 12 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) 
Amendment of the Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt Securities (Gesetz 
über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree with the Issuer 
on amendments of the Conditions, subject to the consent by the Resolution Authority (or any other 
relevant supervisory authority), if and to the extent required, with regard to matters permitted by the 
SchVG by resolution with the majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be 
binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are 
void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. There will be no amendment of the Conditions without the Issuer's consent. 
(2) 
Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent of the votes cast. 
Resolutions relating to amendments of the Conditions which are not material and which do not relate to 
the matters listed in § 5 paragraph (3), Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes 
cast. 
(3) 
Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. A 
meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take place 
in the circumstances of § 18 paragraph 4 sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(4) 
Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) 
Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) 
Holders' Representative. 
[If no Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The common representative 
(the "Holders' Representative") shall be [insert name and address of the Holders' Representative]. 
The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. 
To the extent that the Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, 
the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
§ 13 
FURTHER ISSUES, REPURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same Conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Repurchases. Provided that the conditions provided in § 6[(9)] are met, the Issuer may at any 
time repurchase Notes in any market or otherwise and at any price. Notes repurchased by the Issuer may, 
at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
§ 14 
NOTICES / [NO] STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING 
[If Notes are not intended to be listed, the following applies, insert: 
(1) 
Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
[If Notes are intended to be listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
following applies, insert: 
(1) 
Publication. As long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices 
concerning the Notes will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on 
www.bourse.lu or such other website or other medium for the publication of notices as required in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuer will also 
publish notices on its website www.rba.hr. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given 
to the Holders on the day of such publication. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. If the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the 
Issuer may make a publication referred to in § 14(1) by giving notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in § 14(1) above; 
any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh after the day on which 
the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)][(3)] 
Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in text 
form (Textform) in the English language. The notice must be accompanied by proof that such notifying 
Holder is holder of the relevant Notes at the time of the giving of such notice. Proof may be made by 
means of a certificate of the Custodian (as defined in § 15(3) (Final Provisions)) or in any other 
appropriate manner. So long as Notes are securitised in the form of a Global Note, such notice may be 
given by the Holder to the Fiscal Agent through the Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent 
and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
§ 15 
FINAL PROVISIONS 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders 
and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law, except that the status provisions in § 3 (Status) shall 
be governed by, and shall be construed exclusively in accordance with, Croatian law. 
(2) 
Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. This is subject to any mandatory provisions of laws on jurisdiction over 
consumer contracts, including any right to recourse to alternative dispute resolution mechanism. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes on the 
basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, 
(b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of 
such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Global Note representing the 
Notes in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the actual 
records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights 
under the Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the proceedings.

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
(4) 
Language. These Conditions are written in the English language only. 
(5) 
Consumer protection. No provision in these Conditions shall prejudice any mandatory 
provisions of Croatian consumer protections laws and the rights Holders may have thereunder.

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.][●] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.][●] 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); EITHER8 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]] OR9 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]10 [●] 
[UNITED KINGDOM ("UK") MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of 
article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority ("FCA") Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); 
EITHER11 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] 12] OR 13 [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]] [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable].]14 [●] 
 
 
8  
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines"). 
9  
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be 
necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted 
without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
10  
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
11 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
12 
This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where 
all channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
13  
Include for certain ESMA complex Notes (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for 
example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In 
addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make 
the determination of appropriateness. 
14 
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
FINAL TERMS 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes]15 (the "Notes") 
[(to be consolidated, form a single series with and increase the aggregate principal amount of the [Title of 
relevant Series of Notes] issued on [●][and increased on [●]] with the ISIN [●])]16 
Series: [●], Tranche [●] 
[ISIN […]]17 
[Interim ISIN [●]] 
[Permanent] ISIN [●] 
issued pursuant to the 
EUR 500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes dated 16 July 2021 of 
Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d. 
Legal Entity Identifier: 529900I1UZV70CZRAU55 
[Issue Price]: [●] per cent 
[Issue Date]: [●] 
[These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in connection with Article 25(4) of 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the prospectus dated 16 July 2021 
[and the supplement(s) dated [●]] (the "Prospectus") (including the documents incorporated into the 
Prospectus by reference), pertaining to the "Euro 500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of 
Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d." (the "Programme"). Full information about Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d. and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Prospectus. The Prospectus (and any supplement thereto) is available for viewing in electronic form on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu), on the website of the Issuer (www.rba.hr) 
and copies may be obtained from Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d., Magazinska cesta 69, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia. 
Investors shall be aware that a supplement to the Prospectus may be published. Such a supplement will be 
published in electronic form on the Issuer's website (www.rba.hr).] 
 
15 
"Notes" in the Final Terms shall have the meaning of "Ordinary Senior Notes" or "Eligible Notes". 
16 
Include only in the case of fungible tranches. 
17 
Include in case of first tranche.

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
PART I.: CONDITIONS 
TEIL I.: BEDINGUNGEN 
[A. 
In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in this Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert: 
The Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") are as set out below. 
[in case of Ordinary Senior Notes replicate here relevant provisions of Option I including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[in case of Eligible Notes replicate here relevant provisions of Option II including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]] 
[B. 
In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
referring to the relevant provisions set forth in this Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply 
to [Ordinary Senior Notes][[Ordinary Senior][Non-Preferred Senior] Eligible Notes] (the "Terms and 
Conditions") set forth in this Prospectus as [Option I][Option II]. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined 
herein shall have the meanings specified in the set of Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this part of the Final Terms to numbered Articles and subparagraphs are to Articles and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in the Final Terms which are either not 
selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions 
applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions").]

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
DEFINITIONS (§ 1)18 
 
Business Day 
 
 
 
Clearing System 
 
 
TARGET 
 
 
[insert relevant financial centres] 
 Interest Determination Date19 
means the [[[second] [insert other applicable 
number of days]] Business Day prior to the 
[commencement] [end]20 of the relevant Interest 
Period.] [first day of the relevant Interest Period.] 
[[●] Business Day[s] prior to [the expiry] [the 
Coupon Date] of the relevant Interest Period.] 
 Reference Interest Rate21 
means the offered quotation for the 
[number]-month [EURIBOR] [SOFR] which 
appears on the Screen Page as of [11.00 a.m.] 
[insert other relevant time] ([insert relevant time 
zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] 
[determine other day]. 
 Screen Page22 
means [REUTERS Screen Page [EURIBOR01] 
[insert Screen Page and additional information 
if necessary] or each successor page] 
 EURIBOR 
 
 
EURIBOR floor at 0.00 per cent per annum 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Banks 
[four] [insert other number] 
 
 
If, on any previous Interest Determination Date, 
the Successor Reference Interest Rate was also 
determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph I), no [other] publication obligations 
will apply for the Issuer in connection with such 
Successor Reference Rate or any adjustments or 
changes made in relation thereto or relating to the 
determination of the [Rate of Interest] [or] [the] 
[Interest Amount] as set out below 
 
 
Early Redemption applicable at the 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption applicable at the 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Redemption Date 
Second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
 SOFR 
 
 
18 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
19  To be completed in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
20 In case of SOFR interest determination in arrear, the Interest Determination Date shall not be less than five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Coupon Date. 
21 
To be completed in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
22 
To be completed in case of Floating Rate Notes or if Reference Interest Rate or Reference Swap Rate is applicable.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
 Reference Swap Rate 
 
 
Reference Swap Rate 
["[insert number of years/months] [year][months] 
[insert relevant currency]"] Swap Rate and means 
[[●] / insert definition /Screen Page] 
 
Reset Reference Bank Rate 
[[insert number of years/months] [year][month] 
Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] Quotations 
provided by [five] [insert other number] leading 
swap dealers in the interbank market at the request 
of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent at 
approximately [insert time] ([insert time zone]) 
 
Redemption Date 
Second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
 
Required number of quotations 
[three] [insert other number] 
 
Fallback in case required number of 
quotations is not received 
Reset Reference Bank Rate shall be equal to the 
last 
[[insert 
number 
of 
years/months] 
[year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] 
 
[[insert 
number 
of 
years/months] 
[year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap 
rate] Quotation 
[means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg (calculated on [insert day 
count fraction]) of a [insert reference swap rate] 
which (i) has a term of [insert number of 
[years][months]] commencing on the Interest 
Adjustment Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative of a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledgement dealer of good credit in the 
swap market and (iii) has a floating interest based 
on the [insert reference interest rate] (calculated 
on an [insert day count fraction] basis).] 
[insert other definitions for Quotation] 
 
 
If, on any previous Interest Determination Date, 
the Successor Reference Interest Rate was also 
determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph I), no [other] publication obligations 
will apply for the Issuer in connection with such 
Successor Reference Rate or any adjustments or 
changes made in relation thereto or relating to the 
determination of the [Rate of Interest] [or] [the] 
[Interest Amount] as set out below 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, ISSUE DATE(S), FORM, CUSTODY (§ 2) 
 
Currency – Denomination – Issue Date 
 
 
Issue Date 
[●] 
 
Specified Currency 
[●] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[●] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in Words 
[●]

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
Specified Denomination23  
[●] 
 
Form 
 
 
 
Permanent Global Note 
 
 
 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Permanent Global 
Note 
 
 
 
New Global Note (NGN) 
 
 
 
Classical Global Note (CGN) 
 
STATUS (§ 3)24 
 Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes 
 
 Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes 
 
INTEREST (§ 4) 
 Fixed Rate Notes25  
 
 
Rate of Interest; Interest Period[s] 
 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s] 
 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 
 
Coupon Date(s) 
[insert Coupon Dates] 
 
 
[First Coupon Date] 
[insert First Coupon Date] 
 
 
[Last Coupon Date] 
[insert Last Coupon Date] 
 
 
Short/Long Interest Periods 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
 Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Notes26  
 
 
Rate of Interest; Interest Periods 
 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
Initial Interest Rate 
 
 
 
Number of Interest Periods 
[insert number] 
 
23 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000 at the time of the trade date of the Notes. 
24  To be completed in case of Eligible Notes. 
25 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
26 
To be completed in case of Eligible Notes. If not applicable, the following items may be deleted.

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
 
Last [Coupon] [Interest Payment] Date 
of last Interest Period with first Interest 
Rate 
[insert date] 
 
 
Initial Interest Rate 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 [●] Reset Interest Rate 
 
 
 
First [Coupon] [Interest Payment] Date 
of reset Interest Period with reset 
Interest Rate 
[insert date] 
 
 
Last [Coupon] [Interest Payment] Date 
of last Interest Period with first Interest 
Rate 
[insert date] 
 
 
[●] Reset Interest Rate 
 
 
 
 [●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 Reference 
Swap 
Rate 
[plus][minus] Margin 
[specify margin] 
 
 
 
 plus 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 minus 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 [●] Reset Interest Rate 
 
 
 
First [Coupon] [Interest Payment] Date 
of reset Interest Period with reset 
Interest Rate 
[insert date] 
 
 
Last [Coupon] [Maturity] Date of last 
Interest Period with first Interest Rate 
[insert date] 
 
 
[●] Reset Interest Rate 
 
 
 
 [●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 Reference 
Swap 
Rate 
[plus][minus] Margin 
[specify margin] 
 
 
 
 plus 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 minus 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 
 
Short/Long Interest Periods 
[specify] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
Interest Adjustment Determination Date 
means the [second][insert number of days] 
Business Day prior to the [relevant] Interest 
Adjustment Day. Business Day means for the 
purpose of this paragraph any day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which [the Clearing

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
System] [if the Specified Currency is EUR or if 
TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: [as 
well as] the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 
(TARGET2) ("TARGET")] [is][are] operational] 
[if the Specified Currency is not EUR or if needed 
for other reasons, insert: [and] commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
[all relevant financial centres]] 
 
 
Minimum/Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
 
 
 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the 
[●]] 
[any] 
Interest 
Period 
determined 
in 
accordance with the above provisions is less than 
[insert minimum rate of interest], the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
minimum rate of interest] (Floor). 
 
 
 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the 
[●]] 
[any] 
Interest 
Period 
determined 
in 
accordance with the above provisions is greater 
than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
maximum rate of interest] (Cap). 
 
 
Notification of Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [●] Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period] 
[first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert 
other date] 
 Floating Rate Notes27  
 
 
Interest 
Period[s], 
Coupon 
Date[s], 
Interest Payment Date[s] 
 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s] 
 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 
 
Coupon Date(s) 
[insert Coupon Dates] 
 
 
[First Coupon Date] 
[insert First Coupon Date] 
 
 
[Last Coupon Date] 
[insert Last Coupon Date] 
 
 
Short/Long Interest Periods 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
27 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
 EURIBOR 
 
 
 
 Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently] 
 
 
 
 Plus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 Minus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 Compounded Daily SOFR 
 
SOFR floor at 0.00 per cent per annum 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently] 
 
 
 
 Plus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 Minus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
Rounding (for calculation of the 
Compounded 
Daily 
Overnight 
Reference Rate) 
[fifth] [●] decimal place with [0.000005] [●] % 
being rounded upwards 
 
 
Observation Method 
[Lag][Observation Shift] 
 
 
"D", the number of days in the year used 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest 
[insert the relevant number of days] 
 
 
"p" 
[insert number, not less than 5] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day[s] 
 
 Interpolation 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 Factor 
means a positive or negative number and has been 
determined [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] as 
[+][-] [insert number] [insert further] 
 
 Margin 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
 
Minimum/Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
 
 
 If the Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the above provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] 
(Floor). 
 
 
 If the Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the above provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of 
interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert maximum rate of 
interest] (Cap). 
 
 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 Outstanding aggregate principal amount 
 
 
 Specified denomination28  
 
 
28 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000 at the time of the trade date of the Notes.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
 
Notification of Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 Interest determination in advance 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [●] Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period] 
[first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert 
other date] 
 
 Interest determination in arrear 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[no later than 4 Business Days prior to the expiry 
of the relevant Interest Period [[the second] [●] 
Business Day prior to the [Coupon Date] [Interest 
Payment Date] of the [relevant] Interest Period] 
 Fixed to [Fixed to] Floating Rate Notes29 
 
Fixed Interest 
 
(1) a) 
Fixed Rate[s] of Interest 
[●] per cent per annum 
[If applicable, insert Fixed Rate(s) of Interest for 
each Interest Period] 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
 
Interest Exchange Day 
means [the [last] Fixed Coupon Date, i.e. [insert 
date]] [the Fixed Interest Payment Date relating to 
the [last] Fixed Coupon Date [i.e. [insert [last] 
Fixed Coupon Date]]]. 
 
 
Fixed Coupon Date(s) 
[●] 
(1) b) 
[First] Fixed Coupon Date 
[●] 
 
 
[Last Fixed Coupon Date] 
[●] 
 
 
[First] [last] short/long Floating Interest 
Period 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
(2) 
Floating Interest 
 
a) 
Interest 
 
 
 
Adjustment of Floating Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
b) 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
[First] Floating Coupon Date 
[ ] 
 
 
[Last Floating Coupon Date] 
[ ] 
c) 
[First] [last] short/long Floating Interest 
Period 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
 
29 
To be completed in case of Eligible Notes. If not applicable, the following items may be deleted.

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
 Interpolation 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 Reference Interest Rate 
 
 
 
[Reference Interest Rate at least 
0.00 per cent per annum 
Yes] 
 
 Factor 
[for the [first] [[●]] Interest Period] as [+][-] [insert 
number] [insert further] 
 
 Margin 
[for the [first] [●] Interest Period] as [●] [for the 
[●] Interest Period] as [●]] [insert further] 
 
Floating Interest 
 
 
 EURIBOR 
 
 
 
 Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently] 
 
 
 
 Plus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 Minus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 Compounded Daily SOFR 
 
SOFR floor at 0.00 per cent per annum 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently] 
 
 
 
 Plus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 Minus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
Rounding (for calculation of the 
Compounded 
Daily 
Overnight 
Reference Rate) 
[fifth] [●] decimal place with [0.000005] [●] % 
being rounded upwards 
 
 
Observation Method 
[Lag][Observation Shift] 
 
 
"D", the number of days in the year used 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest 
[insert the relevant number of days] 
 
 
"p" 
[insert number, not less than 5] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day[s] 
 
 Interpolation 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 Factor 
means a positive or negative number and has been 
determined [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] as 
[+][-] [insert number] [insert further] 
 
 Margin 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
 
Minimum/Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
 
 
 If the Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the above provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] 
(Floor). 
 
 
 If the Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the above provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert maximum rate of 
interest] (Cap). 
 
 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 Outstanding aggregate principal amount 
 
 
 Specified denomination30  
 
 
 
Notification of Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 Interest determination in advance 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [●] Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period] 
[first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert 
other date] 
 
 Interest determination in arrear 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[no later than 4 Business Days prior to the expiry 
of the relevant Interest Period [[the second] [●] 
Business Day prior to the [Coupon Date] [Interest 
Payment Date] of the [relevant] Interest Period] 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
 
 Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
 
 
 
Determination Period means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) 
on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the 
alternative)] in any year to but excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] 
 
 
 Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
 Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
 Actual/360 
 
 
 30/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
 
 30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
 
 360/360 
PAYMENTS (§ 5) 
 
Payment Business Day 
 
 
 Clearing System 
 
 
 TARGET 
 
 
 [insert relevant financial centres] 
 
30 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000 at the time of the trade date of the Notes.

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
 Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
 Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
 
 
 Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
 
 FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[] [months/other – specify] 
REDEMPTION (§ 6) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
 
 Maturity Date 
[●] 
 
 Redemption Month and Redemption 
Year 
[●] 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
 Principal Amount 
 
 Other Amount 
[insert currency and amount greater than or 
equal to the principal amount] 
 
Early Redemption 
 
 Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer 
 
 
Notice Period 
[60][●] [Business Days'] [days'] nor less than 
[30][●] [Business Days'] [days'] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[insert Call Redemption Date[s]] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount[s] 
[and 
corresponding Call Redemption Dates]] 
 
 
 
Minimum 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount 
[principal amount] [an amount which is at least 
equal to [insert minimum Call Redemption 
Amount]] 
 
 
 
Increased 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount 
[insert increased Call Redemption Amount] 
 Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holder31  
 
 
Optional Early Redemption Date(s) 
[insert Optional Early Redemption Date[s]] 
 
 
Optional Early Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount[s] [and 
corresponding Optional Redemption Dates]] 
 
 
Minimum Notice Period 
[insert minimum notification period of at least 5 
Business Days] 
 
31 
Only applicable for Ordinary Senior Notes.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period 
[insert maximum notification period] 
 Early 
Redemption 
for 
Regulatory 
Reasons32 
 
Notice Period 
[60][●] [Business Days'] [days'] nor less than 
[30][●] [Business Days'] [days'] 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Final 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[insert 
other 
amount/rate] 
AGENTS (§ 7) 
 Additional 
Paying 
Agent(s)/specified 
office(s) 
[other/further Fiscal/Paying Agent(s)/specified 
office(s)] 
 Calculation Agent 
[Fiscal Agent shall act as Calculation Agent] 
[insert name and address of Calculation Agent] 
 Other Agents 
[insert name and address of other Agents] 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT (§ 10) 
 Not applicable 
 
 Applicable 
 
SUBSTITUTION (§ 11)33 
 
 § 11(1)(d) provides for the issuance of a guarantee 
 
 § 11(1)(d) provides for the Substitute Debtor to have the same or better as the respective rating 
of the Issuer 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS; HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE (§ 12) 
 
Appointment of Holders' Representative 
 
 
 Appointed by resolution passed by 
Holders 
 
 
 Appointed in the Conditions 
[insert name, address and contact details of 
Holders' Representative] 
NOTICES (§ 14) 
 Notes are not intended to be listed 
 Notes are intended to be listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 Notes are intended to be listed on any other Stock Exchange 
 
 
32  Only applicable for Eligible Notes. 
33  Only applicable for Ordinary Senior Notes.

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
PART II.: OTHER INFORMATION 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue 
 
Other interests (not included in the 
Prospectus 
under 
"GENERAL 
INFORMATION / Interests of natural and 
legal persons involved in the issue") 
[specify other interests] 
Use of proceeds34  
 
 
Use of Proceeds 
[As set out in the Prospectus]  
[specify other use of proceeds] 
 
[Estimated net proceeds 
[ ]] 
Selling Restrictions 
 
 
TEFRA C 
 
 
TEFRA D 
 
ECB-eligible Security35 
[Yes][No] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
 
[Interim ISIN]36  
[Permanent]36 ISIN 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
[Interim Common Code]36 
[Permanent]36 Common Code 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
Any other securities number 
[ ] 
 
Yield37  
[Not applicable] 
 
[Yield] 
[Unified Yield Rate] 
[] 
[] 
 
34 
See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in this Prospectus. If the use of proceeds is different from the use of proceeds as stated in this 
Prospectus include such use here. 
35 
Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper (and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper) or in any other 
way admissible pursuant to the Eurosystem eligibility criteria, and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met. [Include this text if "yes" is selected in which case the Notes must be issued in NGN form or in any other form 
admissible pursuant to ECB eligibility criteria.] 
Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper (and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper) or in any other way 
admissible pursuant to Eurosystem eligibility criteria. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
36 
Include only in the case of fungible tranches. 
37 
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals 
by virtue of which the Notes have been 
created and/or issued 
[ ] 
[ 
Registration 
of 
the 
Administrator 
pursuant to the Benchmark Regulation38  
 
 
Benchmark 
[insert name of the Benchmark] 
 
Benchmark Administrator 
[insert name of the Administrator] 
 
Registration 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17 /EU and Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 (the "Benchmark Regulation") 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, [[insert benchmark] does not fall within 
the scope of the Benchmark Regulation by virtue of 
Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation] [the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmark Regulation apply], such that [insert 
name of Administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain [insert in case relevant administrator is 
located 
within 
the 
EEA: 
authorisation 
or 
registration] [insert in case relevant administrator 
is 
located 
outside 
the 
EEA: 
recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence].] 
 
Method of distribution 
 
 
Non-syndicated 
 
 
Syndicated 
 
 
Management details including form of commitment 
 
[Management Group (specify name(s) and 
address(es) and LEI)] 
[] 
 
[Dealer] 
[] 
 
Firm commitment 
[] 
 
No firm commitment / best efforts 
arrangements 
[] 
 
Stabilising Dealer/Manager 
 
 
Stabilising Dealer/Manager 
[insert details][None] 
 
Intended Admission(s) to Trading and 
Listing(s) 
 
 
Admission(s) to Trading and Listing(s) 
[Yes][No][Application [has been][will be] made] 
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange: Admission: 
Regulated Market / Listing: Official List 
 
 
Other (insert details) 
[] 
 
38 
Insert only in case of Notes which reference to a Benchmark, whose administrator has not been disclosed in this Prospectus.

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
Expected date of admission 
[] 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to 
admission to trading 
[] 
 
If different from the issuer, the identity and 
contact details of the person asking for 
admission to trading, including the legal 
entity identifier (LEI) where the person 
asking for admission to trading has legal 
personality. 
[] 
 
Rating39  
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been] [are 
expected to be] rated: 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]]] 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider] 
 
 
This credit rating [has] [is] / These credit 
ratings [have been] [are expected to be] 
issued by [insert full name of legal entity 
which has given / is expected to give the 
rating] which [[is] [are] established in the 
European Union, [is] [are] registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended and [is] [are] 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered 
in 
accordance 
with 
this 
Regulation published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/
credit-rating-agencies/risk).] 
[[is] [are] not established in the European 
Union and [is not][are not] registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies.] 
 
 
39 
Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis.

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors40  
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Third Party Information 
 
 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party 
(i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no 
facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information 
and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.] 
 
Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d. 
 
 
 
 ________________________________________ 
 _______________________________________ 
[Name & title of signatories] 
 
 
 
40 
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and a KID will be prepared, "not applicable" should be specified.

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to generate funding, to hedge certain 
risks or to take advantage of current market opportunities (arbitrage).  
If, in respect of any particular issue, there exists a particular identified use of proceeds other than using the 
net proceeds for the above-mentioned reasons, then this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. In any 
case, the Issuer is free in the use of proceeds from each issue of Notes.  
Notes may be issued as ESG Bonds and the relevant Final Terms will indicate if the Notes are intended to 
constitute ESG Bonds. Once the framework relating to ESG Bonds has been established, a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus will be prepared to include information relating to such framework. The Issuer intends 
to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue of ESG Bonds to Eligible Projects, in line 
with any framework the Issuer may publish from time to time on its website. Such framework may be 
updated or amended from time to time to reflect current market practice. Any amendments to the framework 
will also be available on the Issuer's website.

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
1.1 
Corporate history and development of the Issuer 
Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d. (the "Issuer" or the "Bank") was incorporated in December 1994 as 
the subsidiary of Raiffeisen Zentralbank Österreich Aktiengesellschaft ("RZB", the legal 
predecessor of Raiffeisen Bank International AG – "RBI") and was the first foreign-owned bank 
in Croatia, with the strategic objective of building a comprehensive financial services offering to 
clients. Since 1999, the Bank has built a sales network and, parallel to the opening of branches, it 
established subsidiaries which provide a comprehensive range of banking and other financial 
services to its customers through its subsidiaries in Croatia which, in addition to the Bank, include 
also Raiffeisen stambena štedionica d.d., Raiffeisen Consulting d.o.o., Raiffeisen Invest d.o.o., 
Raiffeisen Leasing d.o.o., Raiffeisen mirovinsko društvo za upravljanje obveznim i dobrovoljnim 
mirovinskim fondovima d.d., Raiffeisen mirovinsko osiguravajuće društvo d.d. and Raiffeisen 
Bonus d.o.o. in liquidation (the "Group"). As at 31 December 2020, the Bank provided customer 
service through 63 branches in 36 Croatian cities, digital sales channels and 450 ATMs in the 
Bank's own network. The development of digital sales channels accelerated in 2020 due to reduced 
population mobility during the lockdown period, while the number of users of direct bank services 
via the Internet and mobile applications reached 48 thousand businesses and 249 thousand in the 
retail segment. 
The Issuer's sole shareholder is Raiffeisen SEE Region Holding GmbH ("RSRH") (with a stake of 
100% of the shares of the Issuer). RSRH is indirectly held by RBI. 
General information about the Issuer 
The Issuer's legal name is "Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d." and the commercial names are 
"Raiffeisenbank Austria" and "RBA". The Issuer is organized as a joint-stock company (dioničko 
društvo) incorporated and carrying out its activity in accordance with Croatian law. The Issuer is 
registered in the Croatian court register (Sudski registar) at the Zagreb Commercial Court 
(Trgovački sud u Zagrebu) under Company Reg. No. (MBS) 080002366, EUID HRSR.080002366, 
personal identification number (OIB) 53056966535, and the Issuer is a Croatian tax resident. The 
Issuer's legal entity identifier (LEI) code is 529900I1UZV70CZRAU55. 
The Issuer was incorporated in Croatia on 13 December 1994 and is established for an indefinite 
period. The Issuer's registered office is located at Magazinska cesta 69, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia, its 
general telephone number is: +385 1 4566-466 and its website is "www.rba.hr". The information 
on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Prospectus unless that information is explicitly 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (please see section 7 "Financial Information and 
Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
Statutory auditors 
The Issuer's independent auditors in relation to the financial statements of the Group for the fiscal 
years ending on 31 December 2019 and on 31 December 2020, respectively, prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, were 
KPMG Croatia d.o.o. ("KPMG"), Ivana Lučića 2a, 17th floor, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia. In each year, 
the audits of the above-mentioned financial statements resulted in an unqualified audit opinion. 
KPMG is a member of the Croatian Audit Chamber (Hrvatska revizorska komora) of the Republic 
of Croatia. 
As of 1 January 2021 the Issuer's independent auditor in relation to the financial statements of the 
Group is Deloitte d.o.o. (Deloitte), Radnička cesta 80, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia. Deloitte is a member 
of the Croatian Audit Chamber (Hrvatska revizorska komora) of the Republic of Croatia.

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
Any recent events particular to the Issuer and which are to a material extent relevant for the 
evaluation of its solvency 
The Issuer is not aware of any recent events which are particular to the Issuer (i.e. occurring after 
the most recent published audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of 
31 December 2020) that are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of its solvency. 
Credit ratings 
The Issuer has obtained ratings from Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's")*. As of the date of 
this Prospectus, such ratings are as follows: 
Type 
Rating 
Outlook 
Long Term Counterparty Risk Foreign Currency Rating 
Baa2 
Stable 
Long Term Foreign Currency Bank Deposit Rating 
Baa2 
Stable 
 
 
*  
Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Limited, Porto Bello Building, 1, Siafi Street, 3042 
Limassol, PO Box 53205, CY 3301 Limassol, Cyprus is established in the European Union, 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation") and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its 
website. 
As of 14 December 2020, Moody's has upgraded the Issuer's Long-Term Deposit rating from 
Ba3/Baa3 (Foreign Currency/Domestic Currency) to Baa2 (Foreign Currency) with stable outlook. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
2.1 
Principle areas of activity 
The Issuer's statutory purpose is to engage in banking and financial business of any kind and in 
other related activities, in accordance with the applicable laws and within the authorisation for 
functioning granted by the Croatian National Bank ("CNB"). The Issuer's core area of business 
activity is monetary intermediation and the principal object of activity are activities related to 
monetary intermediation. 
2.2 
General presentation of main categories of the products sold and services performed 
The Issuer's business activities are subdivided into the following segments: 
• 
Retail Banking; 
• 
Corporate Banking; 
• 
Capital Markets and Financial institutions; 
• 
Treasury. 
2.3 
Retail Banking 
Private Individuals 
The Issuer offers banking products to private individual customers ("PI") and aims to provide them 
with simple and reliable services in every interaction, adequate digital solutions and satisfying 
banking experiences. To achieve these goals, the Issuer creates product and services based on the 
customer needs which are established through market research conducted by the external agencies 
or by internal effort.

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
Development and roll out of new products, services and channels is done by the agile 
multidisciplinary teams, which enables higher efficiency and flexibility in implementation. Despite 
the coronavirus ("COVID-19") environment, the Issuer continued to deliver innovative products 
to the market in 2020, focused on improving digital capacities and process improvements based on 
new technologies. The most important innovations include development of the new mobile banking 
app bringing end to end ("e2e") pre-approved personal loans to that channel and e2e account 
opening and current account package contracting through the new process of video identification 
on public web and mobile banking. 
The Issuer continues to be focused on all three PI segments: mass, premium, and private customers, 
by continuously adjusting its service model and product offer suited for those customer groups. 
Customers satisfaction is one of the key strategic goals of the Issuer, and it is measured through 
the net promotor score on a quarterly basis. 
As still the most important sales channel, the branch network is undergoing digital transformation, 
by introducing the new "Branch of the future" customer oriented design to already 7 of its branches 
and introducing a new format of a cashless branch as a pilot in 6 locations starting from January 
2021. With a relatively smaller branch network than the Issuer's main competitors, the Issuer has 
no immediate plans to further downsize its branch network. 
Digital daily banking products 
In 2020, the Issuer continued to digitalise the daily banking experiences of its customers, offering 
new mobile banking app ("mojaRBA") and new mobile wallet app ("RaiPay") alongside other 
daily banking products, such as online account opening, account package and access to financing 
products (e.g. personal loans) online. 
2020 was for the Issuer in terms of mobile banking a significant year as more than 100.000 active 
users were migrated to the new mobile banking app – mojaRBA. From June 2020 the app is present 
in all major app stores (Android, Apple and Huawei) reaching over 3,000 monthly app downloads. 
With the new app clients have a possibility to fully e2e digitally contract mobile banking service 
without the need for a branch visit, via video identification. Along with offering of Klik&Go 
package which is an exclusive offer for new clients combing mobile banking service and current 
account available only on digital channels (web and mojaRBA mobile banking) also in e2e process, 
the Issuer enabled remote digital activation of new clients. 
With the new RaiPay app, clients can pay by mobile phone - contactless, secure and easy, without 
cards and without cash - with all personal Mastercard and Visa cards of the Issuer, stored inside 
the app at points of sale that accept contactless payment at home and abroad. Payments are safer, 
faster and easier, and clients don't need an internet connection to use the RaiPay application. 
Access to financing products 
The Issuer offers various financing instruments to private individual customers such as personal 
loans, mortgage loans, credit cards and overdrafts. The Issuer seeks to attract new customers and 
retain existing ones by offering certain benefits in connection with its financing products such as 
the possibility to choose the type of repayment (applicable to mortgage loans), a fast and automated 
loan offer calculation. Regarding credit cards transactions can be divided up to 24 instalments and 
the Issuer offers Micro loans. 
The Issuer provides its customers with the option to access financing products online (applicable 
to personal loans) via their internet banking or Issuer web site and proactively makes pre-approved 
loan offers available to the existing customers on the internet banking and mobile banking 
application (applicable to eLoan, which is a personal loan product). 
Regarding mortgage loans, the Issuer offers a special models of subsidised loans in cooperation 
with the state.

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
Saving and Investment products 
The Issuer offers to PI (mass, affluent, private) Term Deposits. Customers have the opportunity to 
save for retirement by contracting Raiffeisen Voluntary pension savings and to secure the future 
of themselves and their families by contracting UNIQA insurance's life insurance. Additionally, 
the wide range of insurance products are available (e.g. property insurance, voluntary health 
insurance, accident insurance and payment protection insurance attached to loans and credit cards). 
Depending on customer segment/wealth and customer service level 12 Raiffeisen Invest's 
investment funds are available to customers. Since September 2020, the Issuer (as the first such 
distributer on the Croatian market) offers to PI the possibility to invest in the Raiffeisen Sustainable 
MIX Investment Fund ("Sustainable MIX Investment Fund"), which in its strategy incorporates 
environmental protection, impact on society and social aspects and corporate governance (ESG). 
The Issuer offers to affluent customers within premium banking service the possibility to invest in 
certificates in primary offer, provides non-advisory service and will introduce investment advisory 
in 2Q 2021. 
The Issuer provides to PI the possibility to trade local stocks on the Zagreb Stock Exchange through 
the online trading platform "eBroker" or by giving orders to brokers, as well as to trade foreign 
stock by giving orders to brokers who provide transactions on foreign markets. 
Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen ("FWR") Private Banking Customers 
The Issuer's private banking service is aimed at high net worth individuals with assets under 
management with the Issuer and/or Raiffeisen Invest of more than EUR 250,000 each. As of the 
date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has EUR 481 million in assets under management. 
Following the RBI Group's vision, one of the Issuer's main objectives is to provide superior 
customer experience to its customers through continuous innovation. Private banking service has 
a high level of recognition for the excellence of the services offered, both from customers and from 
the financial services industry. The Issuer's focus is on continuous professional care and 
development of carefully selected FWR Private Bankers as their professional growth is a direct 
asset to clients as well. 
The Issuer offers to private customers Raiffeisen Invest's investment funds, certificates in primary 
offer and bonds (non-advisory sale) and will introduce investment advice to customers in Q2 2021. 
Small and medium-sized enterprises 
Considering the characteristics of the Croatian market, the small and medium-sized enterprises 
("SMEs") segment, as defined in the Issuer's business segmentation, comprises of SMEs with 
private capital and an annual turnover up to EUR 5 million. By positioning customers' needs in the 
center of the Issuer's focus and offering easy to use financial solutions and products, the Issuer 
aims at building an ecosystem that provides all necessary financial services for conducting 
entrepreneurial businesses and establishing long term relationships. 
The SME client base is segmented according to the criterion of business potential i.e. the total 
revenue generated in the last two business years and/or the total exposure. Micro clients generate 
total revenues up to HRK 7.8 million and/or up to HRK 1.6 million total exposure while small 
clients generate total revenues between HRK 7.8 million and HRK 38 million and/or total exposure 
between HRK 1.6 million and HRK 11 million. SME clients are divided into crafts in the income 
tax system, crafts in the profit tax system, liberal professions, family farms and companies. 
Besides its branch network, the Issuer also offers SMEs a wide range of alternative channels 
through which they can access the Issuer's products and services: mobile banking, internet banking 
or Interactive Voice Response via Call Center. Services available on Internet and mobile banking 
will continue to improve, expanding the range of services that are performed not only in the branch 
but also through digital channels. 
Digital solutions like internet banking and mobile banking seek to enhance customer experience 
for SMEs, ensure non-stop service availability and offer the lowest transaction costs. The number

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
of customers using these digital solutions is constantly growing, as of 31 December 2020, 90% of 
customers use internet banking and 57% of customers use mobile banking. 
Since 2019, payment and withdrawal ATMs located in the 24-hour zones of the Bank's branches 
are also available to SME clients, which has further expanded and improved the cash management 
service. 
At the same time, the optimisation of the current account package continued by including a certain 
number of transactions free of charge, thus giving entrepreneurs the advantage of performing 
transactions with their business partners. Through the digital transformation of the process, the 
goal is to enable online account opening, and online realisation of pre-approved credit product 
without the obligation to come to the Bank. 
In the coming period, SME clients will be offered the so-called remote relationship services, i.e. the 
possibility for the SME client to realise the Bank's services by remote access via video-conference 
connection. It is also planned to upgrade internet banking to enable SME clients to review and 
process issued and received invoices, monitor cash flows, review account balances and other 
products, all with the aim of easier planning of future business. 
The Issuer has developed a process by which it systematically monitors its SME clients from the 
establishment of a business relationship to the completion or closing of a transaction account, and 
the process takes place through several phases: acquisition, onboarding and retention of the client. 
The greatest emphasis is placed on the acquisition and onboarding of new clients. 
2.4 
Corporate Banking 
The general strategy of the corporate division is the development of continuous relationship with 
large and mid-sized corporate customers, with a focus on quality built on knowledge and expertise 
in financial services. The aim of the corporate division is to support its customers in financial 
growth and stability through solutions provided in harmonised approach within the Issuer and the 
Group. 
The corporate business line is made up of 4 organisational units: 
• 
Large Corporate Clients and Structured Finance; 
• 
Mid Market Business; 
• 
Corporate Products; and 
• 
Sales Management. 
Corporate business is organised in three segments: 
• 
Large companies with annual turnover above EUR 50 million and Group Account 
Management System customers (customers dealing with min. two Raiffeisen network 
banks within certain thresholds); 
• 
Mid companies with turnover EUR 5 million to 50 million; and 
• 
Local and Regional authorities. 
Financial solutions for large companies are often tailor made, provided within large, multinational 
and project finance departments. Dealing with multinational companies requires expert support in 
all areas, especially in cash management area. Project financing covers complex transactions in 
real estate financing, green projects as well as syndicated loans. 
Mid segment is organised within regions. Growing companies require a wide range of products 
and financial services, as well as building financial knowledge and usage of different ways of 
support. Solutions for mid-sized companies are provided exploring resources within the Issuer and 
the Group.

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
In both segments' relationship development is based on providing expert support for financial 
solutions, as well as trade finance, supra national development programmes and EU grants schemes. 
The Issuer's corporate strategy is related to several main areas: 
• 
Providing a secure business model which can address customers' needs in the most 
appropriate way, providing efficient processes and a stress free experience for its 
customers and increasing customer satisfaction; 
• 
Boosting sales efficiency through data analytics and a structured sales approach (using 
advisory model, account planning and sales leads derived using data analytics); 
• 
Increased process efficiency, both internally and externally, through increasing the digital 
offering. Several initiatives are boosting transformation to paperless and digital channels 
processes, including: 
• 
increased digital services including account opening and maintenance; 
• 
the utilisation of limits on the transactions effected via digital channels; 
• 
a commitment to responsible corporate practice, including – products and services 
for sustainable business, according to environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
aspects (green loans, bonds, leasing etc.); and 
• 
a harmonized business and risk approach reflected in a wide range of processes 
and products combining regulatory requirements and process efficiency (KYC, 
optimisation of lending process, approach differentiation for low risk and simple 
products etc.). 
2.5 
Capital Markets and Financial institutions 
The markets division of the Issuer ("MD") is covering the needs of the Issuer's customers interested 
in the capital markets products, as well as being responsible for the management of all the risks 
linked to customers' transactions, as well as transactions with financial instruments. The Issuer 
covers all customer segments for specific products that it may sell based on the approved 
distribution model, as well as being involved in interbank transactions for the purposes of 
managing customer demand and for undertaking risks, based on the approved trading model and 
the market risk set of limits approved specifically for MD. The Issuer is one of the primary dealers 
in the relation with the Croatian Ministry of Finance. The key objective for MD is the digitalisation 
of low-risk taking transactional business. Through the trading desk, MD is active on the EURO-
HRK foreign exchange ("FX") market, Croatian Government Bonds market and all related plain 
vanilla FX derivatives. 
The Issuer also offers its customers services relating to arranging the issues of financial instruments 
and related services in accordance with the law governing the capital market, advice and services 
relating to mergers and the purchase of undertakings, and comprehensive insight into current 
economic and capital markets trends as well as investment research and financial analysis of 
companies listed on the Zagreb Stock Exchange. 
Custody services include safe-keeping of local and foreign financial instruments as well as a range 
of additional services (transactions processing, securities settlement, corporate actions services, 
taxation, reporting, billing, paying and information agent services etc.) provided to all sort of 
clients (from retail, corporate to FI clients). Depositary bank services are services focused on 
investment and pension funds and include fund valuation, reporting, limits control activities, 
corporate actions services, settlement, billing, etc. 
Financial institutions 
The financial institutions division is responsible for managing business relationships between the 
Issuer and various domestic and foreign banks, non-bank financial institutions and sovereigns. This 
includes establishing correspondent relationships and managing exposures with domestic and 
international commercial and investment banks, managing exposures and providing banking

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
products to insurance companies, leasing companies (having a financial group as the main 
shareholder), investment funds, pension funds, brokerage companies, other types of finance 
companies, payment service providers/money service businesses and sovereigns. 
2.6 
Treasury 
The Asset and Liability Management Department ("Treasury") is responsible for the strategic 
management of the Issuer's assets and liabilities with the main goal of generating sustainable net 
interest income for the Issuer. By steering the on and off balance sheet of the Issuer through taking 
strategic positions (liquidity, interest rate, credit spread), Treasury proactively manages the risk 
and return profile of the Bank with prudence and within the guidelines set by the Management 
Board of the Bank. 
Treasury manages the structural interest rate risk in the banking book arising from the structure of 
the balance sheet which is driven by principal main banking activities such as deposit gathering 
and loan granting. Interest rate risk refers to the current and prospective risk to the Bank's capital 
equity and earnings arising from adverse movement in interest rates that affect the banking book 
positions. Effective management of exposure to interest rate risk affects the Issuer's earnings by 
altering interest sensitive income and expenses which is reflected on Issuer's net interest income 
("NII") and economic value. 
In order to make itself less dependent on short term financing and thus ensure an adequate level of 
liquidity under stress conditions, the Issuer maintains a liquidity reserve comprised of high-quality 
liquid assets ("HQLA"), including cash held at the central bank and bonds eligible as collateral for 
central bank liquidity facilities. Such assets are sufficiently liquid and can be converted easily and 
immediately into cash to meet the Issuer's liquidity needs within a short-term horizon. 
As required by the regulatory framework established on an EU level, the Issuer is obliged to 
maintain a liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR" or "Liquidity Coverage Ratio"), the purpose of which 
is to ensure that the Issuer maintains at all times sufficient levels of high quality liquid assets used 
for covering 30 days net cash outflows in stress scenario. The Issuer needs to maintain a LCR level 
above 100% which is a minimum level as required by the regulator. In the case of the Issuer, the 
value of the liquidity buffer held by the Issuer amounted to EUR 1,544 million in December 2020, 
the corresponding ratio being close to 175%. 
Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR" or "Net Stable Funding Ratio") supplements the LCR but 
focuses on the long-term funding and has a time horizon of one year. The NSFR is the ration of 
the Bank's available stable funding to its required stable funding and defines the minimum 
acceptable amount of stable funding. NSFR is monitored by the Issuer regularly, but its fulfilment 
shall become mandatory starting from 28 June 2021. As at December 2020, the Issuer had the 
NSFR ratio at a level significantly above 100%. 
 
31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
High-quality Liquid Assets (EUR mn) ........................................................ 
1,221 
1,544 
Net Outflows (EUR mn) ............................................................................. 
876 
882 
LCR (%) ..................................................................................................... 
139% 
175% 
NSFR (%) ................................................................................................... 
172% 
194% 
 
 
Source for LCR data: Audited IFRS-EU Financial Statements of the Issuer. 
Source for NSFR data: Internal report of the Issuer. 
The Issuer's funding plan is updated at least annually in accordance with the balance sheet funding 
needs, taking into consideration all regulatory requirements imposed by the relevant authorities. 
The Issuer's diversified funding is naturally driven by strong customer deposits base, which makes 
up 89% of Issuer's total financial liabilities as at 31 December 2020. PI deposits are the main source 
of the Bank's funding (and represent 54% of total customer deposits and 48% of total financial 
liabilities as at 31 December 2020). PI deposits show increasing trend since 2016, thus representing 
a stable source of funding in the periods of economic growth as well as during economic crisis. 
Another important source of funding for the Issuer are corporate deposits which amount to 41% of 
total Issuer's financial liabilities as at 31 December 2020. Their historical stickiness and steady

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
growth are visible, while maintaining efficient cost of funding. Retail customers with HRK current 
account and operational non-retail deposits represent Issuer's core deposit base.  
As at 31 December 2020, other sources of funding include long term credit lines from development 
banks, long term structural repo with Croatian National Bank, both collateralized with high quality 
liquid assets, and other subordinated liabilities supported by robust capital base in amount of 
EUR 630 million. 
2.7 
Capital requirements 
Implementation of the risk profile at the Issuer's level is realised by establishing a strategy for each 
significant risk and implementation of corresponding policies. The Issuer adopted policies for 
managing significant risks, ensuring the implementation of the adequate risk profile. 
The main objective of the risk management activity in the Issuer is to maintain an adequate level 
of internal capital in relation to the risks taken, both from a regulatory (sustainability perspective) 
and economic (target rating perspective) point of view. 
It is considered that the Issuer has an adequate level of capital for covering risks when economic 
capital is less than or equal to the risk capital, for all risks. 
From 31 December 2020, internal capital is equal to tier 1 capital, and tier 2 is no longer included 
in internal capital since tier 2 does not cover risks from a going concern perspective. As the risk 
tolerance of HRK 4,620,48 million is higher than the total amount of capital of HRK 2,839,37 
million, on 31 December 2020 the Prudential Group had an adequate level of internal capital for 
covering risks. Due to disparities between certain regulatory and accounting provisions, the Group 
is not fully identical with Prudential Group. The "Prudential Group" consists of: 
• 
Raffeisenbank Austria d.d., 
• 
Raiffeisen Leasing d.o.o., 
• 
Raiffeisen Building stambena štedionica d.d., and 
• 
Raiffeisen Consulting d.o.o. 
Capital structure for the Prudential Group (sub-consolidated level): 
Capital structure (% RWA*) 
Actual 31 
December 2019  
audited 
Actual 31 
December 2020 
audited 
SREP requirements 
 
 
CET 1............................................................................................. 
17.2% 
20.9% 
Tier 1 ............................................................................................. 
18.6% 
22.4% 
CAR* ............................................................................................. 
20.1% 
23.6% 
Capital buffers 
 
 
Conservation .................................................................................. 
2.5% 
2.5% 
Countercyclical .............................................................................. 
0.0% 
0.0% 
O-SII .............................................................................................. 
2.0%** 
2.0% 
Systemic Risk ................................................................................ 
3.0% 
1.5% 
 
 
* 
CAR – Capital adequacy ratio; *RWA – Risk weighted assets 
** 
Maximum between O-SII and Systemic risk buffer applies 
Source: Audited IFRS-EU Financial Statements. 
On 10 June 2021, the Issuer received the CNB Decision on MREL requirement set by the SRB and 
calibrated on balance sheet data as of 31 December 2019 and the BRRD II. 
The Issuer, as the resolution entity of the Prudential Group, must comply with binding intermediate 
MREL requirements equivalent to 18.48 per cent. (excluding the combined buffer requirement

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
("CBR")) of TREA and 5.91 per cent. of LRE of the Prudential Group starting from 1 January 
2022. 
The MREL requirements on fully loaded basis, effective from 1 January 2024, are equivalent to 
24.46 per cent. of TREA (excluding CBR) and 5.91 per cent. of LRE of the Prudential Group, 
respectively. 
In addition, the minimum subordination requirements were set at a level of 15.01 per cent. of TREA 
(excl. CBR) and 5.91 per cent. of LRE, thereby specifying the amount of the total MREL 
requirements that must be met with subordinated instruments such as regulatory capital, 
subordinated debt and senior non-preferred debt. 
The TREA of the Prudential Group as of 31 December 2019 (as applied by the SRB for the MREL 
calibration) amounted to EUR 2.9 billion and LRE to EUR 5 billion. 
The table below summarises the Issuer's current MREL and subordination requirements: 
Requirements for 
Prudential Group  
(based on December 
2019 data) 
From 1 January 2022 
As a percentage of TREA 
(excl. CBR) 
As a percentage of LRE 
(per cent.) 
Total MREL 
18.48 
5.91 
Subordinated MREL 
15.01 
5.91 
 
Based on balance sheet data for the Prudential Group as of 31 December 2020 and SRB's 2020 
MREL Policy, the Issuer complies with the abovementioned total MREL and subordination 
requirements, both on interim and fully-loaded basis, as of the date of this Prospectus. 
MREL and subordination requirements do not apply to Issuer´s consolidated balance sheet, but to 
the Prudential Group comprising mainly of the Issuer, and its direct subsidiaries. As the Prudential 
Group is not a legal entity or reporting unit, there is no statutory reporting, but there is a capital 
requirement at the consolidation level of the Prudential Group which are reported in the public 
disclosures. 
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The RBI Group 
The Issuer is a subsidiary of RBI and is part of the RBI Group. RBI is established in the legal form 
of an Austrian stock corporation under Austrian law with unlimited duration with its registered 
seat in Vienna, Austria and its principle place of business is located at Am Stadtpark 9, 1030 
Vienna, Austria. RBI is registered with the Austrian companies register of the commercial court of 
Vienna under registration number FN 122119 m since 9 July 1991. 
RBI operates as a credit institution according to § 1 para 1 of the Austrian Banking Act 
(Bankwesengesetz) and its shares are listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange. 
RBI regards Austria, where it engages primarily in corporate and investment banking, as well as 
Central and Eastern Europe ("CEE") as its home market. RBI Group is a universal banking group 
offering banking and financial products as well as services to retail and corporate customers, 
financial institutions and public sector entities predominantly in or with a connection to Austria 
and CEE.  
In CEE, RBI operates through subsidiary banks in Albania, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, 
Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Kosovo, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia and

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
Ukraine as well as through a branch in Poland and leasing companies and numerous specialized 
financial service providers. 
Additionally, the RBI Group comprises numerous other financial service providers, for instance in 
the fields of leasing, asset management, as well as M&A. To support its business activities, RBI 
operates representative offices and service branches at selected Asian and Western European 
locations. 
As at 31 December 2020, the RBI Group comprised around 45,400 employees and serviced 
approximately 17.2 million customers through around 1,860 business outlets. RBI Group's balance 
sheet total amounted to approximately EUR 166 billion as at 31 December 2020. 
The RBI Group is present in Croatia through its indirectly owned (directly owned by the Issuer) 
subsidiaries on different segments of the financial market: banking, investment fund management, 
pension funds management and pension insurance, leasing and the savings and crediting in 
collective system for housing segment.  
Principal subsidiaries of the Issuer 
As of the date of this Prospectus the Issuer has the following principal subsidiaries, which are 
wholly owned by the Issuer: 
• 
Raiffeisen stambena štedionica d.d.; 
• 
Raiffeisen Consulting d.o.o.; 
• 
Raiffeisen Invest d.o.o.; 
• 
Raiffeisen Leasing d.o.o.; 
• 
Raiffeisen mirovinsko društvo za upravljanje obveznim i dobrovoljnim mirovinskim 
fondovima d.d.; 
• 
Raiffeisen mirovinsko osiguravajuće društvo d.d.; and 
• 
Raiffeisen Bonus d.o.o. in liquidation. 
To put the above-mentioned principal subsidiaries of the Issuer in perspective in the context of the 
Group, the Issuer represents as at 31 December 2020 more than 92% of the Group's assets. 
Dependencies on other entities within the RBI Group 
The Issuer is operationally independent from the RBI Group, but strategically integrated in the RBI 
Group's operations with steering influences received in virtue of the ownership position. As such, 
material changes in the strategy at the RBI Group level can result in changes with regards to 
steering direction at the Issuer level. Also, the Issuer represents the RBI Group within the local 
market, thus any perceived adverse effect at the RBI Group level may have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer. 
 
TREND INFORMATION 
4.1 
Material adverse changes in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published 
audited financial statements 
Since 31 December 2020 there have been no material adverse changes in the prospects of the Issuer. 
4.2 
Significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last 
financial period for which financial information has been published 
Since 31 December 2020 there have been no significant changes in the financial performance of 
the Group to the date of this Prospectus

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
4.3 
Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are 
reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Issuer's prospects for at least the current 
financial year 
The Issuer has identified the following trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments, or events that 
are reasonably likely to have a material effect on its prospects for at least the current financial year: 
• 
COVID-19 pandemic 
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has impacted the Issuer's 2020 results versus its 2020 
budget as approved in 2019. During 2020 significant actions have been undertaken by 
international and local authorities aiming to mitigate the short-term negative effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic but the pace of the economic recovery remains uncertain. Also, due 
to the novelty of many such measures, long term impact and effects of the ongoing 
COVID-19 pandemic cannot be fully assessed at this time, and uncertainty may linger for 
a significant period, triggering potential negative consequences for the business prospects 
of the Issuer. 
• 
Continuing increasing regulatory requirements 
The regulatory requirements (as implemented by the CRR, CRD IV and BRRD) and the 
respective amendments (in particular the EU Banking Package and the Basel III reforms 
(for further details see also in the section Risk Factors under "The Issuer is subject to 
substantial regulation and supervision. Any new governmental or regulatory requirement 
and/ or any change in perceived levels of adequate capitalisation and leverage could 
subject the Issuer to increased capital and MREL requirements and require the Issuer to 
obtain additional capital or liquidity in the future.")), as well as any stress tests conducted 
by the competent authorities, will likely result in increased requirements for the Issuer – 
in particular on its capital and liquidity planning – which may restrict the Issuer's margin 
and potential for growth. 
• 
General trends regarding the financial services industry 
The uncertainties affecting the financial services sector, in addition to the afore-mentioned 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, continue to include the macroeconomic environment 
development. The financial services sector is affected by the related instability of and 
volatility on the financial markets, including a potential general economic downturn. Thus, 
the Issuer may not be able to escape the effects of corporate insolvencies, deteriorations 
in the creditworthiness of borrowers and valuation uncertainties. Likewise, the low interest 
rate environment could affect the behaviour of investors and customers alike, which may 
lead to weaker fee income for the Issuer and/or pressure on the interest rate spread. 
• 
Merger of Raiffeisen Building Society Plc 
In 2020, the Issuer started the process of merging its subsidiary Raiffeisen Building 
Society Plc. Both regulatory bodies (CNB and the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of 
Croatia) have been informed of the Issuer's intent. In May 2021 the Issuer has received the 
approval from the CNB. The process is expected to be completed in 2021. 
In addition, measures aimed at stimulating economic growth include financing companies 
from non-commercial sources, thus narrowing the demand for loans from commercial 
banks. Also, government incentives to increase targeted forms of consumption and 
investment as tool for spurring growth could result in the reduced rationality in borrowers' 
decisions, which exposes them to an increased risk of decline in creditworthiness during 
the loan repayment period, and consequently may increase losses in credit portfolio on 
side of lenders. 
4.4 
Profit Forecasts or Estimates 
Not applicable. This Prospectus does not contain profit forecasts or estimates.

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
5.1 
Members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer 
The Issuer is managed in a two-tier management system consisting of the Management Board and 
the Supervisory Board. 
The members of the Management Board may be contacted at the Issuer's business address at 
Magazinska cesta 69, 4th floor, Zagreb, Croatia. The members of the Supervisory Board perform 
their respective function at the following business addresses: 
• 
Peter Jacenko – Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Am Stadtpark 9, A-1030 Vienna, 
Austria, 
• 
Gabor Kovacs – Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Am Stadtpark 9, A-1030 Vienna, 
Austria, 
• 
Hrvoje Markovinović – Faculty of Law, Trg Republike Hrvatske 14, 10000 Zagreb, 
Croatia, 
• 
Harald Kreuzmair – Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Am Stadtpark 9, A-1030 Vienna, 
Austria, 
• 
Lovorka Penavić – Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d., Magazinska cesta 69, 10000 Zagreb, 
Croatia 
• 
Sabine Zucker – Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Am Stadtpark 9, A-1030 Vienna, 
Austria. 
The two-tier management system allows for the segregation of the Issuer's management 
responsibilities, carried out by the Management Board, from the responsibilities of 
control/supervision that are fulfilled by the Supervisory Board. The dual management system 
ensures the operational decision-making process to become efficient, while increasing control over 
the decision makers. 
The Supervisory Board exercises an ongoing control over the Issuer's current management activity 
conducted by the Management Board. The Supervisory Board generally consists of 741 members 
appointed by the General Meeting of Shareholders, being possible to be re-elected for additional 
mandates. 
The Management Board ensures the managing of the Issuer's current business and it generally 
consists of 4 members42 appointed by the Supervisory Board, with the possibility of being re-
appointed for additional time periods. 
 
41  The mandate of one of the members of the Supervisory Board expired on 31 May 2021. As at the date of this Prospectus the 
Supervisory Board of the Issuer consists of 6 members. 
42  The mandate of Mr. Zoran Košćak expired on 30 June 2021. The Supervisory Board of the Issuer has approved the appointment 
of another person for the position of the Member of the Management Board, subject to Croatian National Bank approval. This 
person will replace Mr. Zoran Košćak as a Member of the Management Board responsible for Corporate, Financial Markets and 
Investment Banking, following the regulatory approval of his appointment. Therefore, until the approval of the Croatian National 
Bank is obtained, as at the date of this Prospectus the Management Board of the Issuer consists of 3 members.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the current members of the Management Board and the 
Supervisory Board listed below hold the following additional supervisory board mandates or 
similar functions in various companies: 
Member 
Major functions outside the Issuer 
Members of the Issuer's Management Board 
Liana Keserić 
(President) 
Supervisory board functions 
• 
Raiffeisen stambena štedionica d.d., (Member) 
Georg Feldscher 
(Member) 
Supervisory board functions 
• 
Raiffeisen Consulting d.o.o., Croatia (President) 
• 
Raiffeisen Leasing d.o.o., Croatia (Member) 
Višnja Božinović 
(Member) 
Supervisory board functions 
• 
Raiffeisen mirovinsko osiguravajuće društvo d.d., Croatia 
(President) 
• 
Raiffeisen Invest d.o.o., Croatia (President) 
Members of the Issuer's Supervisory Board 
Peter Jacenko 
(Deputy Chairman) 
Supervisory board functions 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank d.d. Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnia and 
Herzegovina (Chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen banka a.d., Serbia (Deputy Chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank Zrt., Hungary (Deputy Chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen Bausparkasse Gesellschaft m.b.H., Austria 
(Member) 
Harald Kreuzmair 
(Member) 
Supervisory board functions 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank Sh.a., Albania (Member) 
Sabine Zucker 
(Member) 
Supervisory board functions 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank d.d. Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnia and 
Herzegovina (Member) 
• 
RSC Raiffeisen Service Center GmbH, Austria (Member) 
5.2 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies' Potential Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer is not aware of any undisclosed respectively unmanaged conflicts of interest between 
the obligations of the Issuer's Supervisory Board members and/or the Management Board members 
and their private or other interests. 
In addition, the Issuer has internal provisions pursuant to the CNB regulation regarding the 
prudential requirements for credit institutions as well as compliance rules (taking into account 
respective Croatian legal provisions as well as the EBA Guidelines for internal governance 
(EBA/GL/2017/11), the Joint ESMA and EBA Guidelines on the assessment of suitability of 
members of the management body and key function holders).

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
Their objective is to prevent conflicts of interests which may adversely affect the interests of 
customers or of the Issuer. If any conflicts of interest are identified with respect to the members of 
the Management Board, Supervisory Board, procedures are in place for measures to be taken to 
manage and to disclose such conflicts of interest. 
The guidelines and rules also cover actual and potential conflicts which may affect the Issuer, the 
employees themselves (including management), their spouses/partners, children or other family 
members living in the same household to the extent that these persons have a close relationship 
with customers or other contractual partners (in particular suppliers) or issuers of financial 
instruments. 
Each member of the Management Board must promptly disclose any conflict of interest to the 
Supervisory Board and inform the other members of the Management Board of the conflict. 
The various functions held by the members of the Supervisory Board might cause a potential 
conflict of interest in specific circumstances. However, the members of the Supervisory Board are 
required to disclose immediately any conflict of interest to the Chairman of the Supervisory Board, 
especially if such conflicts may arise as a result of consultancy services or by holding a board 
position with a business partner. In the event that the Chairman himself should encounter a conflict 
of interest he must report this immediately to the Deputy Chairman. 
No actual or potential conflict of interests exists in respect of any member of the Management 
Board or Supervisory Board between his duties to the Issuer and his private or other interests or 
duties. Members of the Management Board or Supervisory Board may enter into business 
transactions with the RBI Group in the ordinary course of business on an arm's length basis. 
Members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer who are serving 
on management boards or supervisory boards or performing any similar functions in other 
companies/foundations, may, in individual cases, be confronted with conflicts of interest arising in 
the context of the Issuer's banking operations if the Issuer maintains active business relations with 
such other companies/foundations. Generally, members of the Issuer´s executive bodies serving 
on management or supervisory boards outside the Issuer, including customers of and investors in 
the Issuer, in individual cases, may be confronted with potential conflicts of interest if the Issuer 
maintains active business relations with said companies. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is not aware of any conflicts of interest between the 
duties of the Issuer's administrative, management and supervisory bodies and their private interests 
and/or other duties. 
 
SHARE CAPITAL AND MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
6.1 
Share capital of the Issuer 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer's nominal share capital amounts to HRK 3,621,432,000 
and is fully subscribed and paid. It is divided into 3,621,432 nominative, dematerialised shares, 
each having a nominal value of HRK 1,000 and granting equal voting rights. The shares of the 
Issuer are not listed on any market. 
6.2 
Shareholders of the Issuer 
The Issuer's sole shareholder is RSRH, Austrian company registered with Commercial Court of 
Vienna under number FN 255194 k, with its registered seat at Am Stadtpark 9, A-1030 Vienna, 
Austria, which holds 100% of the Issuer's share capital as of the date of this Prospectus. RSRH is 
indirectly held by RBI (100%). Thus, the Issuer is indirectly a 100% subsidiary of RBI. 
As mentioned above, 100% of voting rights in the Issuer is held directly by RSRH and indirectly 
by RBI. Hence, RSRH exercises direct control over the Issuer through 100% of voting rights and, 
implicitly, through the right to appoint most of the members in the Supervisory Board. 
Notwithstanding the control relationship between the Issuer and RSRH, the applicable Croatian 
legislation as well as the internal by-laws of the Issuer prevent the controlling shareholder from 
exercising its rights in an abusive manner; in particular: (i) the transactions and relationships in

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
place between the Issuer and its controlling shareholder comply with the arm's length principle and 
are entered into on a normal commercial basis; (ii) the control is not exercised against the interests 
of the Issuer; (iii) each share issued by the Issuer grants equal rights to any holder thereof; and 
(iv) misuse of corporate assets is strictly prohibited under the applicable corporate laws and internal 
regulations. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, there are measures, like applicable corporate governance 
regulations, to ensure that such control over the Issuer is not abused. 
The source of the above-mentioned information is internal data as of 31 December 2020. 
6.3 
Arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result 
in a change in control of the Issuer 
As of the date of this Prospectus, there are no arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of 
which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Issuer. 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Selected Financial Information 
The Issuer 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
Key profitability and efficiency ratios 
 
 
Return on assets (after tax)  ............................................... 
1.31% 
0.37% 
Return on equity (after tax)  .............................................. 
10.36% 
2.82% 
Net interest margin............................................................ 
2.60% 
2.37% 
Cost/Income  ..................................................................... 
58.74% 
64.18% 
Loans/deposits .................................................................. 
72.01% 
66.93% 
Key risk ratios 
 
 
NPL (HRK mn)................................................................. 
1,058 
1,210 
Total gross exposure (balance and off-balance sheet; HRK 
mn).................................................................................... 
41,094 
43,702 
NPL ratio .......................................................................... 
2.57% 
2.77% 
NPL coverage ratio ........................................................... 
77% 
65% 
Provisioning ratio .............................................................. 
0.17% 
1.01% 
Total capital specific key ratios 
 
 
Total capital ratio .............................................................. 
20.76% 
23.77% 
Risk-weighted assets (HRK mn)  ...................................... 
20,543 
19,544 
Leverage ratio ................................................................... 
11.09% 
10.94% 
The Group 
31 December 2019* 
31 December 2020* 
Key profitability and efficiency ratios 
 
 
Return on asset (after tax)  ................................................ 
1.19% 
0.33% 
Return on equity (after tax)  .............................................. 
9.34% 
2.57% 
Net interest margin............................................................ 
2.61% 
2.37% 
Cost/Income  ..................................................................... 
71.04% 
78.52% 
Cost/Income** .................................................................. 
62.99% 
69.28% 
Loans/deposits .................................................................. 
74.80% 
69.45% 
Key risk ratios 
 
 
NPL (HRK mn)  ................................................................ 
1,215 
1,310 
Total gross exposure (balance and off-balance sheet; HRK 
mn) ................................................................................... 
44,055 
46,895 
NPL ratio .......................................................................... 
2.76% 
2.79% 
NPL coverage ratio ........................................................... 
69% 
63% 
Provisioning ratio 
0.15% 
0.98% 
Total capital specific key ratios 
 
 
Total capital ratio 
20.06% 
23.62% 
Risk-weighted assets (HRK mn) 
21,942 
20,647 
Leverage ratio 
10.89% 
11.05% 
 
 
* based on Audited IFRS-EU Financial Statements of the Issuer 
** excluding premium on pension insurance contract from operating income and repayment of 
 
pension contracts and technical reserves for pension insurance form administrative expenses 
Source: Internal information and calculation of the Issuer

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
Alternative Performance Measure 
Definition 
Return on assets 
Return on assets (ROA) is a profitability ratio and measures how efficiently a 
company can manage its assets to produce profits during a period. It is computed by 
dividing profit before tax/after tax by average assets (based on total assets, average 
means the average of year-end figure and the relevant month´s figures). 
Return on equity 
Return on equity ratio is a profitability ratio which assesses how well equity is used 
to generate profit. It provides a profitability measure for both management and 
investors by expressing the net profit for the period as presented in the income 
statement as a percentage of the respective underlying (either equity related or asset 
related). Return on equity demonstrates the profitability of the bank on the capital 
invested by its shareholders and thus the success of their investment. Return on 
equity is a useful measure to easily compare the profitability of a bank with other 
financial institutions. Return on the total equity including non-controlling interests, 
i.e. profit before tax respectively after tax in relation to average equity on the 
statement of financial position. Average equity is calculated on month-end figures 
including non-controlling interests and does not include current year profit. 
Net interest margin 
Net interest margin is used for external comparison with other banks as well as an 
internal profitability measurement of products and segments. It is calculated with net 
interest income set in relation to average interest-bearing assets (total assets less 
investments in subsidiaries and associates, tangible fixed assets, intangible fixed 
assets, tax assets and other assets). 
Cost/Income 
Cost/Income ratio is an economic metric and shows the company's costs in relation 
to its income. The ratio gives a clear view of operational efficiency. Banks use the 
cost/income ratio as an efficiency measure for steering the bank and for easily 
comparing its efficiency with other financial institutions. General administrative 
expenses in relation to operating income (before impairment) are calculated for the 
cost/income ratio. General administrative expenses comprise staff expenses, other 
administrative expenses and depreciation/amortization of intangible and tangible 
fixed assets. Operating income comprises net interest income, dividend income, 
current income from investments in associates, net fee and commission income, net 
trading income and fair value result, net gains/losses from hedge accounting and 
other operating income. 
Loans/deposits 
Loan/deposit ratio indicates a bank's ability to refinance its loans by deposits rather 
than wholesale funding. It is calculated with loans to non-financial corporations and 
households in relation to deposits from non-financial corporations and households. 
NPL 
A default and thus a non-performing loan pursuant to Article 178 CRR applies if it 
can be assumed that a customer is unlikely to fulfil all of its credit obligations to the 
bank, or if the debtor is overdue at least 90 days on any material credit obligation to 
the bank. 
NPL ratio 
NPL ratio is a risk ratio which assesses the quality of a portfolio by showing the 
percentage of loans which are unlikely to be paid over the gross loan volume. 
 
NPL ratio is expressed as: 
 
Non-performing loans and advances and debt securities to Nonbanks and Banks 
other than held for trading / Loans and advances to Nonbanks and Banks (gross 
carrying amount balance sheet and off-balance sheet; including "Cash balances at 
central banks" and "Other demand deposits") and Debt securities 
NPL coverage ratio 
NPL coverage ratio is a risk ratio which assesses how well is the NPL volume 
covered with balance sheet and off-balance sheet provisions. 
 
NPL coverage ratio is expressed as: 
 
Allowances for credit-impaired for non-performing loans (Stage 3) / Non-performing 
loans and advances and debt securities to Nonbanks and Banks other than held for 
trading 
Provisioning ratio 
Provisioning ratio is an indicator for development of risk costs and provisioning 
policy of an enterprise. It is computed by dividing impairment or reversal of 
impairment on financial assets (customer loans) by average customer loans 
(categories: financial assets measured at amortized cost and financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income). 
Source: Internal information of the Issuer

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
Total capital specific key figures 
Definition 
Total capital ratio 
Total capital ratio is expressed as: 
 
Total capital/Risk-weighted assets 
 
Regulatory capital consists of three categories, each governed by a single set of 
criteria that instruments are required to meet before inclusion in the relevant 
category: 
▪ 
Common Equity Tier 1 (going-concern capital), 
▪ 
Additional Tier 1 (going-concern capital), 
▪ 
Tier 2 Capital (gone-concern capital). 
Total regulatory capital is the sum of Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1 and 
Tier 2 capital, net of regulatory adjustments. 
Risk-weighted assets 
Risk-weighted asset (RWA) is a bank's assets adjusted for risk. Risk-weighted assets 
are used to determine the minimum amount of regulatory capital that must be held 
by banks to maintain their solvency. This minimum is defined for each type of bank 
risk exposure: credit, market, operational, counterparty and credit valuation 
adjustment risks. The riskier the asset, the higher the RWAs and the greater the 
amount of regulatory capital required. For capital requirements RBHR uses 
Standardized approach. 
Leverage ratio 
Leverage ratio is expressed as: 
 
Capital measure/Exposure measure 
 
The capital measure for the leverage ratio is the Tier 1 capital. Tier 1 capital is the 
sum of Common Equity Tier 1 and Additional Tier 1 capital, net of the regulatory 
adjustments. The total exposure measure is the sum of the following exposures:  
▪ 
on-balance sheet exposures,  
▪ 
derivative exposures,  
▪ 
securities financing transaction exposures, and  
▪ 
off-balance sheet items.  
This generally follows the accounting values, complemented by specific treatments 
for exposures related to derivative transactions, securities financing transactions and 
off-balance sheet items. 
Total capital ratio 
Total capital ratio is expressed as: 
 
Total capital/Risk-weighted assets 
 
Regulatory capital consists of three categories, each governed by a single set of 
criteria that instruments are required to meet before inclusion in the relevant 
category: 
▪ 
Common Equity Tier 1 (going-concern capital), 
▪ 
Additional Tier 1 (going-concern capital), 
▪ 
Tier 2 Capital (gone-concern capital). 
Total regulatory capital is the sum of Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1 and 
Tier 2 capital, net of regulatory adjustments. 
Source: Internal information of the Issuer 
8. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
The Issuer is involved and has been involved in the twelve months preceding the date of this 
Prospectus in certain legal, governmental or arbitration proceedings before various courts and 
governmental agencies arising in the ordinary course of business involving contractual and other 
matters. 
The following is a description of the most relevant proceedings in which the Issuer is involved a 
at the date of this Base Prospectus (value per issue EUR 5 million or more): 
• 
The plaintiff was not a client of the Issuer, but was a constructor of a building, the investor 
of in which was the Issuer's client. The Issuer granted a loan to the investor, but since the 
investor did not fulfil its' obligation the Issuer terminated the loan agreement. Therefore, 
the investor did not pay completed work to the plaintiff. The plaintiff sued the Bank 
alleging that its termination of the loan agreement with the investor, the Bank made the 
investor unable to pay the plaintiff. The claim against the Issuer amounts to approximately 
EUR 5.9 million of value in dispute.

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
• 
In May 2015 a judgment was passed, by which the claim was declined. The plaintiff 
submitted an appeal against this judgment which is not finally decided.  
• 
A plaintiff, to whom the Issuer's former client assigned the claim toward the Issuer, 
launched a lawsuit claiming damages based on the allegation that negotiations in 
connection with the financing of a real estate project had been conducted in bad faith by 
the Issuer and finally terminated. The claim against the Issuer amounts to approximately 
EUR 16.2 million of value in dispute. 
• 
A former client launched a claim in the amount of approximately EUR 7.0 million for 
damages alleging that the loan agreement had not been duly signed on behalf of the client 
and the co-debtor, represented by the same person. The Issuer received first instant 
judgement by which court declined the claim of the client. Client submitted the appeal and 
now the Issuer is waiting for the second instance court decision. 
• 
A former client launched a claim for damages in the amount of approximately EUR 24.3 
million based on the allegation that the Issuer had acted fraudulently by terminating loans, 
which had been granted for the financing of the client's hotel business. In previous court 
proceedings in respect of the termination of the loans as well as the enforcement over the 
real estate, all final judgments were in favour of the Issuer. Several hearings were held as 
well as submissions exchanged. As at the date of this Base Prospectus no ruling has been 
made. 
• 
The Issuer, following the merger into the Bank of Raiffeisen Services Ltd. ("RF") (a 
former factoring company wholly owned by the Bank), became a party (both a defendant 
and a plaintiff) in a counter-lawsuit filed by a client as a reaction to the former RF lawsuit 
against the client. RF concluded a recourse factoring transaction with the client/supplier 
and a debtor, member of GCC Agrokor. The recourse was contracted as an accessory 
guaranty and not as a several and joint guarantee. Following the debtor's payment default, 
the client/supplier declined the payment of all its' recourse obligations RF therefore 
initiated court proceedings against the client claiming payment. The client filed a 
counterclaim alleging it had no recourse obligations towards RF, because RF was not 
diligent enough in respect of the failing debtor but choose to simply wait and then called 
its recourse rights against the client (i.e. in bad faith). Alternatively, the client is suing for 
damages incurred due to RF's bad faith, in the amount equalling RF's claim. The claim 
against the Issuer amounts to approximately EUR 5.6 million of value in dispute. 
Since this is a declaratory lawsuit and there is no monetary claim, the provisions shall be 
booked only on the costs of proceeding. 
• 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, several hearings have been held and both plaintiff 
and defendant have filed submissions, but there is no first instance judgment. 
• 
CHF-indexed consumer loan portfolio of the Bank 
In 2012, a local Croatian consumer protection association called Potrošač (the "Plaintiff"), 
filed before the Commercial Court of Zagreb a collective lawsuit against eight banks, 
including the Issuer which engaged in granting to consumers HRK loans where the 
principal amount was linked to the Swiss Franc ("CHF") both at disbursement and at 
repayment; and where interest rates were reset from time to time unilaterally by the 
respective lender bank. These loans were disbursed between 2004 and 2008. 
The Plaintiff was seeking to have both the CHF-indexing of the HRK principal amounts 
and the unilateral interest rate resetting declared null and void. 
The Commercial Court of Zagreb ruled in favour of the Plaintiff. The ruling was of a 
declaratory and not of a condemnatory nature, i.e. an interested party needed to institute 
separate legal proceedings in respect of its claims regardless. The ruling was appealed by 
the defendant banks.

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
In 2014, the High Commercial Court, acting on the appeals, finally ruled that while the 
CHF-indexing was not in itself against the law, the unilateral interest rate resetting was. 
Pursuant to a series of amendments of the Consumer Credit Act and the Credit Institutions 
Act in 2015, the defendant banks converted the CHF-indexed loans into EUR-linked or 
straight HRK loans, at a legally capped interest rate. Excess amount repaid under the old 
CHF-indexed loans were repaid to consumers. Later legal remedies sought by the 
defendants (request for a judicial review and constitutional complaint) were denied and 
the High Commercial Court ruling was upheld. 
In January 2020, the Supreme Court made public its legally binding opinion to the effect 
that there is no time bar vis a vis a contract declared null and void. The Plaintiff filed a 
constitutional complaint regarding the ruling of the Croatian Supreme Court vis a vis the 
CHF-indexing. 
On 3 February 2021 the Constitutional Court made public its ruling to the effect that it 
found both the CHF-indexing and the unilateral interest rate resetting to be unlawful and 
therefore null and void. 
There are still legal issues that remain unclear and will need to be cleared by way of 
individual lawsuits initiated or yet to be initiated by clients. Among those is the validity 
of the terms and conditions of loans converted pursuant to the above-mentioned 
amendments to the Consumer Credit Act and the Credit Institutions Act.  
Although only part of the Bank's former CHF-indexed consumer loans portfolio is subject 
to ongoing court proceedings, the entire portfolio has been and continues to be fully 
provisioned. 
With respect to "Lex Agrokor" (lex specialis introduced in Croatia for Agrokor group) and 
CHF loans the Bank initiated against Republic of Croatia UNCITRAL arbitration which 
is in progress and also proceeding before Commercial Court in Zagreb in which the Bank 
claims the damage sustained in the amount yet to be finally defined. 
 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE GROUP 
Save as disclosed in section 4.3 "Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, 
commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Issuer's prospects 
for at least the current financial year", first bullet point ("COVID-19 pandemic") above, there has 
been no significant change in the financial position of the Group since 31 December 2020. 
 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries have not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary 
course of business which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to holders of the Notes. 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
If and to the extent information contained in this Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time, 
has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that to the best of its knowledge this 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as the Issuer is aware and able to 
ascertain from information published by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
This Prospectus, any supplements hereto and the documents incorporated herein by reference are 
available on the Issuer's Website (www.rba.hr) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). The day of such first publication is deemed to be the valid day of 
publication. 
This Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of its approval.

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
All documents mentioned above and the Issuer's Articles of Association will be available together 
with this Prospectus for at least ten years after the publication of this Prospectus free of charge at 
the Issuer's registered office and on the Issuer's Website (www.rba.hr). 
The English language convenience translation of the Issuer's Articles of Association can be 
inspected at https://www.rba.hr/documents/20182/21851/RBHR-statut-en.pdf .

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
TAXATION 
THE TAX LAWS OF THE INVESTOR'S STATE OF RESIDENCE AND OF THE ISSUER'S 
STATE OF INCORPORATION MIGHT HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED 
FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN NOTES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN TAX ADVISERS AS TO WHICH COUNTRIES' TAX LAWS COULD BE RELEVANT TO 
ACQUIRING, HOLDING AND DISPOSING OF NOTES AND RECEIVING PAYMENTS OF 
INTEREST, PRINCIPAL AND/OR OTHER AMOUNTS UNDER THE NOTES AND THE 
CONSEQUENCES OF SUCH ACTIONS UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF THOSE COUNTRIES.

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The provisions relating to resolutions of Holders under the German Act on Debt Securities 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") will apply to Notes issued under the Programme. The Holders 
may agree to amendments or decide on other matters relating to the Notes by way of resolution to be passed 
by taking votes without a meeting. Any such resolution duly adopted by resolution of the Holders shall be 
binding on each Holder of the respective issue of Notes, irrespective of whether such Holder took part in 
the vote and whether such Holder voted in favour or against such resolution.  
The rules of the SchVG are, if applied by the Issuer, largely mandatory, although they permit in limited 
circumstances supplementary provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions.  
The following is a brief overview of some of the statutory rules regarding the taking of votes without 
meetings and the convening and conduct of meetings of Holders, the passing and publication of resolutions 
as well as their implementation and challenge before German courts.  
Specific Rules regarding Votes without Meeting  
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be (i) a 
notary public appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a common representative of the Holders (the "Holders' 
Representative") has been appointed, the Holders' Representative if the vote was solicited by the Holders' 
Representative, or (iii) a person appointed by the competent court.  
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During such 
voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such notice 
shall also set out in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid.  
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote based 
on evidence provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it is 
established that no quorum exists, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a meeting of 
the Holders. Within one year following the end of the voting period, each Holder participating in the vote 
may request a copy of the minutes of such vote and any annexes thereto from the Issuer.  
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks 
following the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person 
presiding over the taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, the person presiding over the taking of 
votes shall promptly publish the result. If the person presiding over the taking of votes does not remedy the 
objection, he shall promptly inform the objecting Holder in writing.  
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of such 
proceedings.  
Rules regarding Holders' Meetings applicable to Votes without Meeting  
In addition, the statutory rules applicable to the convening and conduct of Holders' meetings will apply 
mutatis mutandis to any vote without a meeting. The following summarises some of such rules.  
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Holders' Representative, if any. Meetings of 
Holders must be convened if one or more Holders holding five per cent or more of the outstanding Notes 
so require for specified reasons permitted by statute.  
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting out 
the proposals for resolution.  
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders' representing by value not less than 
50 per cent of the outstanding Notes. If the quorum is not reached, a second meeting may be called at which 
no quorum will be required, provided that where a resolution may only be adopted by a qualified majority, 
a quorum requires the presence of at least 25 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding 
Notes.

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more Global 
Notes, resolutions which amend or supplement the Terms and Conditions have to be implemented by 
supplementing or amending the relevant Global Note(s).  
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against an Issuer, a Holders' Representative, if appointed, 
is obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any resolutions passed by 
the Holders are subject to the provisions of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung).  
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Conditions, Holders may bring an action to set aside 
such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one month following the 
publication of the resolution.

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Raiffeisen Bank International AG, 
Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d. and any new dealer appointed under the Programme (the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed 
by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 16 July 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made 
between the Issuer and Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d. If in the case of any 
Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that 
Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other 
interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of 
that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of 
distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by 
the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and 
several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which 
is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including 
whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that 
Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision the expression retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or 
publish this Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Prospectus.

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolution of the Management Board of the Issuer 
on 6 May 2021and resolution of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer on 7 May 2021. The issuances of Notes 
under the Programme under the annual funding plan determining the issuance volume was authorised by 
resolution of the Management Board of the Issuer on 5 March 2021and resolution of the Supervisory Board 
of the Issuer on 18 March 2021. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining 
the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period 
from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first 
Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment 
date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant 
issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
Conflicts of Interest  
The Dealers and their affiliates may be customers, borrowers or creditors of the Issuer and its affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial Notes (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or Notes of the Issuer and 
its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial Notes and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and Notes.

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The specified parts of the following documents which have been previously published or are simultaneously 
published with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF are incorporated by reference into 
and form part of this Prospectus and will be available together with this Prospectus for at least ten years 
after the publication of this Prospectus. 
Document/Heading 
Page 
reference in 
the relevant 
document 
English language translation of the Issuer's Consolidated Financial Statements Prepared 
in Accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed by the 
European Union (the "Audited IFRS-EU Financial Statements 2019") and the audit 
report for the Financial Statements 2019 
Source:  
the Consolidated Annual Report of the Issuer containing the audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements for fiscal year 2019, as made available on the Issuer's Website:  
https://www.rba.hr/documents/20182/274367/2019+Annual+Report/3471856c-abf0-
d215-d3da-cb311e4c37b2?version=1.0    
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
39 - 50 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
53 - 54 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
51 - 52 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
55 
Consolidated and Separate Statement of Cash Flows 
56 - 57 
Notes to the Financial Consolidated Statements for fiscal year ended at 
31 December 2019 
64 - 185 
English language translation of the Issuer's Consolidated Financial Statements Prepared 
in Accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed by the 
European Union (the "Audited IFRS-EU Financial Statements 2020") and the audit 
report for the Financial Statements 2020 
Source:  
the Consolidated Annual Report of the Issuer containing the audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements for fiscal year 2020, as made available on the Issuer's Website:  
https://www.rba.hr/documents/20182/274367/RBA+and+Raiffeisen+Group+Results+f
or+2020/339b9b3a-239c-3d78-4825-6d603e835f88?version=1.0   
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
28 - 39 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
42 - 43 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
40 - 41 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
44 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
45 - 46 
Notes to the Financial Consolidated and Separate Statements for fiscal year ended at 
31 December 2020 
54 - 202 
Please note that the English language translations referred to above are translations from the originals, 
which were prepared in Croatian language. All possible care has been taken to ensure that the translations 
are accurate representation of the originals.

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the annual reports for fiscal year ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2020 respectively, which are not explicitly listed in the tables above, are not incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus as these parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in 
this Prospectus. 
References in the independent auditor's reports to "other information" are references to the administrators' 
report and the non-financial statement. Such administrators' report and non-financial statement are not 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Such parts of the documents which are explicitly listed above shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and 
form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in such a document shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this 
Prospectus modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to 
constitute a part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d. 
Magazinska cesta 69 
10000 Zagreb 
Croatia 
DEALERS 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Am Stadtpark 9 
1030 Vienna 
Austria  
Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d. 
Magazinska cesta 69 
10000 Zagreb 
Croatia 
FISCAL AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENTS 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Croatian law: 
To the Dealers as to German law: 
WOLF THEISS Rechtsanwälte  
GmbH & Co KG 
Zagreb Branch 
Ivana Lučića 2a/19th Floor  
"Eurotower" 
10 000 Zagreb 
Croatia 
Clifford Chance Partnerschaft mbB 
Junghofstraße 14 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte d.o.o. 
Radnička cesta 80 
10000 Zagreb 
Croatia