--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
RAIFFEISENBANK A.S. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Czech Republic) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Mortgage Covered Bond (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní list) Programme 
Under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Bond Programme (the Programme), Raiffeisenbank a.s., with its registered office at 
Hvězdova 1716/2b, 140 78 Prague 4, Czech Republic, Identification No. 492 40 901, registered with the Commercial Register maintained by 
the Municipal Court in Prague, File No. B 2051, LEI: 31570010000000004460 (the Issuer) may from time to time issue mortgage covered 
bonds (hypoteční zástavní listy) in accordance with Czech Act No. 190/2004 Coll., Act on Bonds, as amended (the Czech Bonds Act), Section 
28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III (Mortgage Covered Bonds) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below). This prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Base Prospectus) issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). 
Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form (the Bearer Mortgage Covered Bonds). The maximum aggregate nominal amount 
of all Mortgage Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme (or, in relation to the nominal amount of any Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which are not denominated in euro, its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the dealer agreement dated 5 
September 2024 (the Dealer Agreement)) will not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000, subject to increase as described herein. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under Overview of the Programme 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together, the Dealers), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case 
of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
such Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
An investment in Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see 
Risk Factors. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg (the CSSF) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the 
economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in 
accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative 
aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the Luxembourg Law). Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Mortgage Covered Bonds being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Mortgage 
Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and have been listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date of approval in 
relation to Mortgage Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the 
EEA) or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) 
can have access (in which case they shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or offered to the public in the EEA other 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends upon expiration on 5 September 2025. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Mortgage Covered Bonds, the 
issue price of Mortgage Covered Bonds and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under Terms and 
Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and Related Information) of Mortgage Covered Bonds will be set out in a final terms document 
(the Final Terms) which, with respect to all Mortgage Covered Bonds will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of this Base Prospectus and Final 
Terms in relation to Mortgage Covered Bonds to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The Programme provides that Mortgage Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and/or Mortgage Covered Bonds not admitted to trading on any market. 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody's or the Rating Agency) is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. The Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected to be assigned an "Aa1" rating 
by Moody's. However, the Issuer may also issue Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unrated or rated by another rating agency. Where a 
Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same 
as the ratings assigned to other Tranches of Mortgage Covered Bonds. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Mortgage Covered Bonds may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. See Form of the Mortgage Covered Bonds for 
a description of the manner in which Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued. The Mortgage Covered Bonds are subject to certain restrictions 
on transfer, see Subscription and Sale. 
Arranger 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Dealers 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 5 September 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 4 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 19 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................... 58 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .......................................................................................... 60 
FORM OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS ...................................................................................... 61 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS AND RELATED 
INFORMATION .............................................................................................................................................. 62 
I. GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................ 63 
II. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS (GERMAN 
LANGUAGE VERSION) .................................................................................................................. 65 
III. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS (ENGLISH 
LANGUAGE VERSION) ................................................................................................................ 197 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................... 323 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF CZECH LEGISLATION RELATING TO MORTGAGE COVERED 
BONDS .......................................................................................................................................................... 342 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC AND REGULATION OF 
EMERGENCY MEASURES IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC ......................................................................... 359 
THE INTERNATIONAL COVER POOL ..................................................................................................... 361 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................................... 366 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................. 370 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................................................ 374 
RISK MANAGEMENT ................................................................................................................................. 387 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS ........................................................................................................ 403 
CZECH BANKING REGULATION ............................................................................................................. 406 
MORTGAGE LOANS AND THEIR REGULATORY FRAMEWORK ...................................................... 413 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................... 421 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................................... 430 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 433 
INDEX ........................................................................................................................................................... 436 
APPENDIX I - FORM OF FINAL TERMS (GERMAN TRANSLATION) ................................................ 442

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer with its registered office at Hvězdova 1716/2b, 140 78 Prague 4, Czech Republic, accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares to the best of its knowledge that 
the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of 
the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. No other person 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus, other than the Issuer, is responsible for the information given in this Base 
Prospectus and any supplement thereto. This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with all 
documents which are deemed to be incorporated in it by reference (see Documents Incorporated by Reference). 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form 
part of this Base Prospectus.  
Other than the relevant parts of the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, 
no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Mortgage Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Arranger or the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Mortgage Covered Bonds: (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Mortgage Covered Bonds 
should purchase any Mortgage Covered Bonds. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Mortgage Covered 
Bonds should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Mortgage Covered Bonds constitutes an offer, solicitation of 
an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Arranger or the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Mortgage Covered Bonds 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger and the Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Mortgage Covered Bonds of any information coming to their attention. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that to the best of its knowledge this 
information has been accurately reproduced and that so far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by such third party no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Mortgage Covered Bonds may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Mortgage Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an 
exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Mortgage Covered Bonds or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Mortgage Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Mortgage Covered Bonds may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Mortgage Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Mortgage Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including 
the Czech Republic), the United Kingdom and Japan: see Subscription and Sale. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds with 
a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or such Mortgage Covered 
Bonds that are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, 
to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access, EUR 1,000 (or, if the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency), 
i.e. only in circumstances where there is an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to 
publish a prospectus. As a result, any offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA (each, 
a Relevant Member State) or the United Kingdom (the UK) must be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds in that Relevant 
Member State or the UK may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor 
any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus 
for such offer. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO TAX REGIME OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED 
BONDS  
This Base Prospectus describes in summary form certain Czech tax implications in connection with an investment 
in the Mortgage Covered Bonds (see Risk Factors – Risks associated with the withholding taxation regime in the 
Czech Republic, Risk Factors – Risks associated with the evidencing of Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax 
Relief and Taxation). Investors must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to 
ensure correct tax treatment of their Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain financial measures presented in this Base Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference are 
not recognised financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union (IFRS) (Alternative Performance Measures) and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to 
the financial measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles. The Alternative Performance Measures are intended to supplement investors' understanding of the 
Issuer's financial information by providing measures which investors, financial analysts and management use to 
help evaluate the Issuer's financial leverage and operating performance. Special items which the Issuer does not 
believe to be indicative of ongoing business performance are excluded from these calculations so that investors 
can better evaluate and analyse historical and future business trends on a consistent basis. Definitions of these

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
 
Alternative Performance Measures may not be comparable to similar definitions used by other companies and 
are not a substitute for similar measures according to IFRS. 
MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS, SOCIAL BONDS OR 
SUSTAINABILITY BONDS 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued as Green Bonds (Green Bonds), Social Bonds (Social Bonds) or Sustainability 
Bonds (Sustainability Bonds) or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Mortgage 
Covered Bonds will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, 
“social” or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use (including in relation to Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation) and any related technical screening criteria, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds 
and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds 
(the EU Green Bond Regulation), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the 
financial services sector (SFDR) and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in 
the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. None of the 
Dealers is responsible for the use and allocation of proceeds for any Mortgage Covered Bonds issued as Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds nor do any 
of the Dealers undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible Projects (as defined in Other 
related risks - In respect of any Mortgage Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable 
for the investment criteria of an investor below) to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the 
issue of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in full. 
In addition, none of the Dealers is responsible for the assessment of the Sustainability Bond Framework (as 
defined in Use of Proceeds below) including the assessment of the applicable eligibility criteria in relation to 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds set out in therein. ISS has issued an independent second party 
opinion, dated 4 May 2022, on the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework (the SPO). The SPO provides an 
opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or 
other aspects of an investment in any Mortgage Covered Bonds, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The SPO is a statement of opinion, not a statement 
of fact. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the SPO or any such other opinion or 
certification may change at any time and the SPO may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or 
withdrawn. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein. The Sustainability Bond Framework may also be subject to review and 
change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any 
subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The SPO is not, nor should 
be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Mortgage Covered 
Bonds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the SPO or any 
opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds 
issued as Green Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or 
hold any such Mortgage Covered Bonds. The SPO and any other such opinion or certification do not form part 
of, nor are incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any such Mortgage Covered Bonds are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a 
dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities 
market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
ESG RATINGS 
The Issuer’s exposure to environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks and the related management 
arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been or may be assessed by several agencies, as selected by 
the Issuer, among others, through environmental, social and governance ratings (the ESG ratings). The exposure 
of the Issuer to ESG-related risks was assessed by the independent ESG rating agency Morningstar Sustainalytics.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG rating agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may 
differ. 
The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, 
or any future ability to service the Mortgage Covered Bonds and are only current as of the dates on which they 
were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings 
information contained in the Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore, ESG 
ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other 
similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the 
assessment methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant rating agency’s website 
(which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, the Base Prospectus). 
None of the Dealers, any of their affiliates or any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus has verified 
any ESG ratings and makes no representation as to any ESG rating comprised or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus. 
BENCHMARK REGISTER 
Amounts payable on the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (as defined below) will be calculated by 
reference, inter alia, to Constant Maturity Swap (CMS), which are currently provided by ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (IBA), to EURIBOR, which is currently provided by European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI), to PRIBOR, which is currently provided by Czech Financial Benchmark Facility (CFBF), to SONIA®, 
which is currently provided by the Bank of England, to SOFR®, which is currently provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, to €STR®, which is provided by the European Central Bank or other indices which 
are deemed benchmarks for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks 
Regulation) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SONIA®, SOFR® 
and €STR® do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
EMMI and CFBF are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation, while IBA does not appear on such register. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Mortgage Covered Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", the Mortgage Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
No key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Mortgage Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled MiFID II Product 
Governance which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and 
which channels for distribution of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Mortgage Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Mortgage Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Mortgage

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
 
Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Mortgage Covered Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to 
UK Retail Investors", the Mortgage Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in point (e) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Mortgage Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled UK MiFIR Product 
Governance which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and 
which channels for distribution of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Mortgage Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Mortgage Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Each potential investor in Mortgage Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of 
its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
and the impact the Mortgage Covered Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds and be familiar with the 
behaviour of financial markets;

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
 
(e) 
be aware that it may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with 
the laws and practices of the country where the Mortgage Covered Bonds are transferred or other 
jurisdictions; 
(f) 
ask for its own tax adviser's advice on its individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and 
redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and  
(g) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
U.S. dollars, U.S. $ and $ refer to United States dollars, the currency of the United States of America; 
Czech Koruna and CZK refer to Czech Koruna, the currency of the Czech Republic; and 
EUR, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
The definitions for the capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus can be found using the Index of the defined 
terms on pages 436-441 of this Base Prospectus. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds, the dealer or dealers (if any) named as 
stabilisation manager(s) in the applicable final terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilisation manager) may 
over-allot Mortgage Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant tranche of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules by 
the relevant stabilisation managers.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered 
to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market (the Delegated Prospectus Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in Form of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and Terms and Conditions of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. In addition, there are certain factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. These risk 
factors are set out under Risk Factors on pages 19-57 below and 
include: 
 
(a) 
Risks relating to treatment of the International Cover Pool 
(as defined below) in insolvency of the Issuer – including, 
in particular, a risks associated with over-indebted Covered 
Block (as defined below) and the principle of dual recourse; 
 
(b) 
currency risk – the Mortgage Loans in the International 
Cover Pool will only be denominated in Czech Koruna; 
 
(c) 
risks relating to the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme; 
 
(d) 
risks relating to the Czech mortgage market and certain 
other market risks; and 
 
(e) 
certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Description: 
Mortgage Covered Bond (hypoteční zástavní list) Programme 
Arranger: 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Dealers: 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG and Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds denominated in a currency 
in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
 
(see Subscription and Sale) including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year 
will, if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued 
to a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination 
of at least GBP 100,000 or its equivalent (see section Subscription 
and Sale). 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Asset Monitor: 
Deloitte Audit s.r.o. will act as asset monitor pursuant to the terms 
of an asset monitor agreement (the Asset Monitor). The Asset 
Monitor will be required to carry out agreed upon procedures as 
defined in the asset monitor agreement in relation to the checks and 
calculations performed by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech 
Bonds Act and the CNB Decree (see General Description of Czech 
Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds below) and the 
Conditions (see Issuer Covenants and The International Cover Pool 
below). 
Programme Size: 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Mortgage Covered 
Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme (or, in 
relation to the nominal amount of any Mortgage Covered Bonds 
which are not denominated in euro, its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) is EUR 
5,000,000,000 outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Mortgage 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will have such maturities as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at 
an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, 
par. 
Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg and, together with Euroclear, the 
ICSD), Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (CBF) and/or, in 
relation to any Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds, any other 
clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2021 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., (or any successor 
thereto) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Mortgage Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series) (ISDA Definitions); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Yield 
The yield for the Mortgage Covered Bonds with fixed interest rates 
will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which determines 
the effective interest rate of mortgage covered bonds taking into 
account accrued interest on a daily basis. The calculation will be 
based on the assumption, that no interest step-up event occurs during 
the term of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Mortgage Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons, illegality or invalidity or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving 
notice to the holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders) on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Mortgage Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year 
may be subject to restrictions on their denomination and distribution, 
see Certain Restrictions above.

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
 
Extended Maturity Date: 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Extended Maturity 
Date will apply to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
 
As regards redemption of Mortgage Covered Bonds to which an 
Extended Maturity Date so applies, if the Issuer or an involuntary 
covered block administrator (in Czech, nucený správce krytých 
bloků) fails, not at its discretion, to redeem the relevant Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or within two Business 
Days thereafter) or if any other relevant circumstance set out in the 
Conditions occurs, the maturity of the principal amount outstanding 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds not redeemed will automatically 
extend on a monthly basis up to, but not later than, the Extended 
Maturity Date. In that event the Issuer may redeem all or any part of 
the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds on 
an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity 
Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. 
 
As regards interest on Mortgage Covered Bonds to which an 
Extended Maturity Date so applies, if the Issuer fails to redeem the 
relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or 
within two Business Days thereafter) or if any other relevant 
circumstance set out in the Conditions occurs, the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount outstanding of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the earlier of the date on which the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date 
and will be payable in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date in arrear or 
as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms on each 
Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date at the rate provided 
for in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the case of a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds to which an 
Extended Maturity Date so applies, those Mortgage Covered Bonds 
may for the purposes of the Programme be: 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds or Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the 
Issue Date to (and including) the Maturity Date; and 
 
(b) 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds or Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in respect of the period from (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date to (and including) the 
Extended Maturity Date, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Denomination of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save 
that the minimum denomination of each Mortgage Covered Bond 
will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see 
Certain Restrictions above, and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Mortgage Covered Bond will be EUR 100,000 
(or, if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or, where 
it is a Mortgage Covered Bond to be admitted to trading only on a 
regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to 
which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
 
Regulation) have access, EUR 1,000 (or, if the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
As specified in the applicable Terms and Conditions, all payments 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made after 
deduction and withholding of current or future taxes, levies or 
governmental charges imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction, to the extent 
that such deduction or withholding is required by law. In the event 
that any such deduction or withholding is made, the Issuer may or 
may not be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts 
so deducted or withheld as provided in § 6 (Taxes) of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
All payments in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be 
made subject to any deduction or withholding required by FATCA, 
as provided in § 6 (2) of the Terms and Conditions and no additional 
amounts will be paid to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will not contain a 
negative pledge provision. 
Contractual Asset Cover Test: 
For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual Asset Cover 
Test will not result in an Event of Default. However, whilst such 
breach is continuing the Issuer must not issue any Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which have the benefit of the Cover Pool. 
Status of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds and the Issuer's cover pools: 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (in 
Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) issued in accordance with Section 
28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act. 
 
The Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds are all instruments and/or 
securities issued by the Issuer as mortgage covered bonds pursuant 
to Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act, 
whether issued under and governed by Czech or foreign law and 
whether issued under the Programme (as the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds), under a programme yet to be established by the Issuer or on 
a standalone basis, which are then outstanding (the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, which definition includes the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds). 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer operates three 
active Cover Pools. The first is the Cover Pool with an identifier: 
RBCZ_BLOCK_03 
(the 
International 
Cover 
Pool). 
The 
International Cover Pool covers the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued 
under this Programme. The second is the Cover Pool with an 
identifier RBCZ_BLOCK_02 (the Local Cover Pool). The Local 
Cover Pool covers the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the 
Issuer under Czech law on a standalone basis, ISIN CZ0002007057 
(and certain other debts). The third is the Cover Pool with an 
identifier: RBCZ_BLOCK_EQB (the Equa Bank Legacy Cover 
Pool). The Equa Bank Legacy Cover Pool covers the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Equa Bank Legacy 
Covered Bond Programme (and certain other debts). In the future, 
the Issuer may also create other cover pools than the International 
Cover Pool, the Local Cover Pool and the Equa Bank Legacy Cover 
Pool. 
 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
 
passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, then outstanding and benefiting from the 
International Cover Pool and with all other obligations of the Issuer 
that have been provided the same priority as such Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. 
 
The obligations of the Issuer arising from the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds can be repaid and satisfied from any assets forming the 
International Cover Pool. Although the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, in any insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer, the Czech Insolvency Act provides 
for a special regime in respect of the obligations arising from the 
outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme) issued by the Issuer 
(see further General Description of Czech Legislation relating to 
Mortgage Covered Bonds). 
 
Each Mortgage Covered Bond will bear the designation “hypoteční 
zástavní list” to be recognised as such under the Czech Bonds Act, 
the CNB Decree and the Czech Insolvency Act. 
Issuer’s other programmes: 
In addition to the Programme, the Issuer has, as a result of the 
acquisition of Equa Bank a.s. (which merged with the Issuer as the 
successor company with effect as of November 2022), as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, inactive (second) CZK 7,000,000,000 
domestic bond programme with outstanding mortgage covered 
bonds under Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 
et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree (and thus falling within the definition of the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds) (the Equa Bank Legacy Covered Bond 
Programme). The Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Equa Bank Legacy Covered Bond Programme are covered by the 
Equa Bank Legacy Cover Pool.  
 
All Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme, which are then outstanding: (i) have, and will have, the 
benefit of a statutory priority under the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB 
Decree and the Czech Insolvency Act over the International Cover 
Pool; and (ii) constitute and will constitute unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves 
and with all other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided 
the same priority as such Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Issuer Covenants: 
The Issuer covenants in favour of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders in connection with the value and maintenance of the 
International Cover Pool and its compliance with certain other key 
obligations imposed on it under the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree (see General Description of Czech Legislation relating to 
Mortgage Covered Bonds and The International Cover Pool – 
Composition of Assets). 
 
In addition, the Issuer also covenants, amongst other things, to 
ensure that it does not breach the Statutory Tests and the Contractual 
Asset Cover Test (see The Valuation of Assets – Statutory Tests and 
The Statutory Minimum OC Level Test – Contractual Asset Cover 
Test). 
 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree (as to which 
see further General Description of Czech Legislation relating to 
Mortgage Covered Bonds), the Issuer may create, at its sole

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
 
discretion and subject to the Statutory Tests and the Contractual 
Asset Cover Test, one Cover Pool or multiple Cover Pools, in which 
case the Issuer has to specify which Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
(or other Czech covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Czech Bonds Act) should be covered by each Cover Pool. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer operates three 
active Cover Pools. Only the International Cover Pool covers the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under this Programme. 
Therefore, the holders of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds covered 
by other Issuer's Cover Pools will not have the benefit of the 
International Cover Pool.  
 
In the future, the Issuer may update the Equa Bank Legacy Covered 
Bond Programme under which it has issued, and may issue further, 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Issuer may also operate 
further programmes for the issuance of Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds (other than this Programmeand the Equa Bank Legacy 
Covered Bond Programme) in the future or it may also issue Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds on a standalone basis. Therefore, the 
International Cover Pool must be maintained in a way that satisfies 
and complies with the terms and conditions and legal requirements 
applicable to all Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds then outstanding.  
 
Assets included in the International Cover Pool may not, according 
to the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree (as to which see further 
General Description of Czech Legislation relating to Mortgage 
Covered Bonds), be transferred, pledged or otherwise used as a 
collateral. 
 
In addition, the Issuer covenants that assets included in the 
International Cover Pool satisfy all of the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria (see The International Cover Pool – Composition of Assets 
– Statutory Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Assets (the Statutory 
Eligibility Criteria)) and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (see The 
International Cover Pool – Composition of Assets – Contractual 
Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Assets).

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
 
Rating: 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are 
expected to be assigned an "Aa1" rating by Moody's. However, the 
Issuer may also issue Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unrated or 
rated by another rating agency. Where a Series of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to 
other Tranches of Mortgage Covered Bonds. A security rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Moody's appends long-term obligation ratings at the following 
levels: Aaa, Aa, A, Baa, Ba, B, Caa, Ca and C. To each generic rating 
category from Aa to Caa Moody's assigns the numerical modifiers 
"1", "2" and "3". The modifier "1" indicates that the bank is in the 
higher end of its letter-rating category, the modifier "2" indicates a 
mid-range ranking and the modifier "3" indicates that the bank is in 
the lower end of its letter-rating category. Moody's also has the 
option of adding further guidance (referred to as "under review") as 
to whether a rating is likely to be upgraded (possible upgrade), 
downgraded 
(possible 
downgrade) 
or 
uncertain 
(direction 
uncertain). Outlooks are assigned indicating the direction of any 
pressure. Characteristics are positive, negative, stable and 
developing. Moody's short-term ratings are opinions of the ability of 
issuers to honour short-term financial obligations and range from P-
1, P-2, P-3 down to NP (Not Prime). 
Approval, Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as 
a base prospectus. Application has also been made for Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
Subject to the principles set out below in section Czech Law 
applicable to the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
German law. 
Czech Law applicable to the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Although otherwise governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
German law, the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be subject to and 
will benefit from those provisions of the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB 
Decree, the Czech Insolvency Act and any other provisions of Czech 
law applicable to or relevant for the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds. Therefore, the Mortgage Covered Bonds will need to satisfy 
requirements of Sections 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech 
Bonds Act and the International Cover Pool and its maintenance will 
be governed by Czech law. Also, Section 375 of the Czech 
Insolvency Act and other relevant provisions of the Czech 
Insolvency Act will apply to the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
 
Covered Blocks in the case of insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including the Czech 
Republic), the United Kingdom, Japan and such other restrictions as 
may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds, see Subscription 
and Sale. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Mortgage Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. There is a wide range 
of risks which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in 
respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. It is not possible to identify all such risks as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus or to determine which risks are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant 
risks as of the date of this Base Prospectus and certain risks which it currently deems not to be material may 
become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in 
this Base Prospectus the following factors which could materially adversely affect its business or ability to make 
payments due under the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
In addition, risks which have been identified as material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described in the list below.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk risks are presented in the individual categories depending on their nature with the most material risk 
risk presented first in each category.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
 
1. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER`S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The risk factors regarding the Issuer and the Raiffeisen Group are presented in the following categories 
depending on their nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
• 
Risks Related to the External Conditions under which the Issuer Conducts its Business;  
• 
Risks Related to the Issuer's Business; 
• 
Risks Related to the Regulatory Environment; 
• 
Risks Related to the International Cover Pool; and 
• 
Risks Related to the Issuer's Insolvency. 
Risks Related to the External Conditions under which the Issuer Conducts its Business  
Risks related to the overall economic conditions in Europe 
The financial strength and profitability of the Issuer's business could be adversely affected by worsening 
conditions in the global financial markets and global economy, particularly in the European Union (the EU), 
including the Czech Republic. Such a potential economic and financial downturn may be caused by various 
factors including, among others, investors' sentiment, low interest rates levels, inflation development, the 
availability and cost of credit, the liquidity on the global financial markets and the volatility of equity prices. All 
of these factors are able to significantly affect investors' appetite for bank financing and customers' ability to 
service and/or refinance their outstanding debt. There are many possible scenarios that investors should be aware 
of, for example (i) an economic downturn could adversely affect the quality of the Issuer's on-balance sheet and 
off-balance sheet assets and consequently lead to higher loan loss provisions, goodwill impairments and as such 
to a lower profitability of the Issuer; (ii) the unfavourable market sentiment could cause the Issuer to incur mark-
to-market losses in its trading portfolios; or (iii) a prolonged market downturn could have a negative impact on 
the fees the Issuer earns for managing clients' assets and, similarly, on the in-flows of assets under management. 
Additionally, significantly higher interest rates could adversely affect the long-term funding facilities. 
If the economic or political conditions deteriorate due to, among other things, concerns over the European 
economy, a slow-down of economic growth or a return of the European sovereign debt crisis, the resulting market 
disruptions could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
Also, the outbreak of the coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) in late 2019 and its development into a global 
pandemic had major economic consequences for the economy in the EU. Even though the EU is recovering from 
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which damped economic activity and eroded financial conditions across 
the European countries, there is no guarantee that any similar pandemics or outbreaks will not occur in the future. 
If such pandemics or outbreaks occur in the future, these may result in similar or more adverse effects as the 
COVID-19 pandemic, and could result in similar or further adverse effects on the EU economy. The following 
table shows the GDP growth of selected European countries in the years 2023, 2022 and 2021, showcasing the 
overall downturn in the GDP growth rate.1 
Country 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(in per cent.) 
Czech Republic ........................................................................................ 
-0.5 
2.4 
3.6 
Slovakia ................................................................................................... 
1.1 
1.8 
4.8 
Germany .................................................................................................. 
-0.3 
1.8 
3.2 
Italy .......................................................................................................... 
0.9 
4.0 
8.3 
France ...................................................................................................... 
0.7 
2.5 
6.4 
Spain ........................................................................................................ 
2.5 
5.8 
6.4 
 
1 Source: Eurostat data available at: ec.europa.eu

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
 
Austria ..................................................................................................... 
-0.8 
4.8 
4.2 
Any of these developments and the increased political and economic uncertainty accompanying them have had 
and could continue to have a material adverse effect on the European and global economy and financial sector. 
Instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets may reduce the overall market liquidity which may 
in extreme circumstances lead to a credit crunch and severe financial distress of key market participants. Overall, 
the economic outlook continues to be subject to a number of risks and, hence, may prove to cause increased 
market volatility together with detrimental fluctuations in asset values or currency exchange rates or result in the 
European market sliding back into a recession. 
Risks related to the war in Ukraine and the conflict between Israel and Hamas 
Throughout 2021, the Russian military build-up along the border of Ukraine has escalated tensions between 
Russia and Ukraine and strained bilateral relations. These events have continued in 2022 with Russia 
commencing a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022.  
Following the invasion of Ukraine, the EU and the United States, UK, Switzerland, Canada, Japan, Australia and 
some other countries made announcements regarding imposition of sanctions and sanctions have been 
implemented in the meantime (the Invasion of Ukraine).  
Although the Issuer does not have direct operations in Ukraine or in Russia and the volume of exposure of the 
Issuer realised in Russia and Ukraine is negligible (it is less than 1 per cent. of the total volume of Issuer’s assets), 
the Invasion of Ukraine may have an indirect impact on the Issuer’s operations by affecting the Czech economy 
and financial markets caused by, inter alia, imposition of sanctions and the effects of the war, including price 
volatility, increased inflation, the CZK depreciation and problems related to massive inflow of Ukraine's 
refugees.  
On 7 October 2023, Hamas launched a combined rocket and ground attack on Israeli territory and civilian targets, 
which went down as unofficial beginning of Israel's renewed armed conflict with Hamas. After clearing Hamas 
militants from its territory, the Israeli military embarked on an aerial bombardment of the Gaza Strip followed 
by a large-scale ground invasion.  
Similarly to the Invasion of Ukraine above, this conflict may (although the Issuer does not operate in the Middle 
East region) have an indirect impact on the Issuer’s operations by affecting the Czech economy and financial 
markets caused by, inter alia, imposition of sanctions and the effects of the war, including price volatility, 
increased inflation and the CZK depreciation. 
Therefore, depending on the future development of the Invasion of Ukraine and the conflict between Israel and 
Hamas, it is not possible to exclude negative effects with respect to the Issuer. A potential slowdown in economic 
growth caused by these conflicts might affect the Issuer’s lending activity and the quality of its loan portfolio. A 
significant and permanent weakening of the CZK vis-a-vis foreign currencies might affect borrowers' ability to 
repay FX loans. It may also lead to an increase in funding costs and execution risks related to debt issuance in 
the capital markets. The realisation of any of these and other risks may have material adverse effects on the 
Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Social, economic or political developments in the Czech Republic could adversely affect the Issuer 
The Issuer's operations in the Czech Republic are exposed to a wide range of risks arising from currency 
fluctuations, regulatory changes, level of inflation, deflation, economic recession, local market disruption, social 
unrest, changes in disposable income or gross national product, variations in interest rates changes in tax policy, 
levels of economic growth and other similar factors. The adverse effects of these factors could lead to an increase 
in defaults by the Issuer's customers resulting in a deterioration of the Issuer's earnings. Political developments 
or changes in the fiscal policy in the Czech Republic could have an adverse effect on the overall economic and 
political stability of the country. As substantially all of the Issuer's business is conducted in the Czech Republic, 
the Issuer is particularly exposed to macroeconomic or other factors that may adversely affect growth in the 
Czech banking market and the credit-worthiness of Czech retail and corporate customers. There can be no 
assurance that any political or economic instability will not occur in the Czech Republic or that any such 
instability will not adversely affect the Issuer's business. Any of these developments or a sovereign downgrade 
of the Czech Republic's rating, a decrease in the amount of customers or a decline in the credit worthiness of

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
 
these customers could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
In recent years, the Czech economy has been affected by a high level of inflation, which, however, has been 
decreasing lately. According to the Czech Statistical Office, the year-on-year inflation level reached 2.0 per cent. 
in June 2024.2  Based on the Macroeconomic Forecast of the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic published 
in April 20243, annual consumer price inflation had reached the Czech National Bank’s (the CNB) inflation target 
for the first time in three years at the beginning of 2024 and should remain below the upper boundary of the 
tolerance band through 2024, with the exception of the last quarter. The average inflation rate could thus fall to 
2.7 per cent. in 2024 and 2.4 per cent. in 2025. Based on the forecast of the CNB published on 2 May 2024, the 
year-on-year level of inflation is expected to reach 2.3 per cent. in 2024 and 2.0 per cent. in 2025.4However, there 
is still a risk that the Czech economy will not avoid a recession which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects.  
Prior to the Invasion of Ukraine, the Czech Republic was almost entirely dependent on Russian gas, which, 
according to the information published by the Czech Ministry of Industry and Trade in 2021 represented 
approximately 97 per cent. of the Czech Republic’s total gas imports in 2021. This was reduced to approximately 
3 per cent. in 2022 and subsequently fell to zero in January 2023 when Russian gas was entirely replaced by 
supplies from Norway and liquefied natural gas (LNG) from terminals in the Netherlands and Belgium. Although 
the Czech Republic and its gas storage capacity proved to be well-positioned to navigate the 2022 – 2023 heating 
season, uncertainty around the 2023 – 2024 heating season still persists given the need to replenish the storage 
capacity and the possibility of reduced availability of alternatives sources of gas in case the on-going construction 
of LNG terminals in Germany and Poland does not progress as planned. However, such an abrupt re-orientation 
from Russian gas to alternative sources of gas has inevitably had a severe impact on Czech businesses and 
households as rising energy prices contributed materially to the high inflation rate and the government emergency 
support measures implemented in response to the energy crisis deepened the budget deficits of these countries.  
Based on the Macroeconomic Forecast of the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic published in April 2024, 
the possibility of renewed problems in supply chains, e.g. in the context of the ongoing conflict in the Middle 
East between Israel and Hamas, poses a significant risk, especially for certain sectors of the economy (e.g. the 
automotive industry). In addition to the negative impact on economic performance, supply-side frictions would 
create additional inflationary pressures. These could also be triggered by an increase in energy commodity prices 
in the event of an escalation of geopolitical tensions. The supply of natural gas and oil from Russia to the EU has 
been severely restricted and it is currently not expected to resume. The Macroeconomic Forecast mentioned above 
anticipates that this shortfall will be compensated by increased imports of these raw materials from other countries 
and demand-side measures such as investments in energy efficiency. 
The Invasion of Ukraine has caused a number of Ukrainian citizens to seek refuge in the Czech Republic. 
According to the United Nations Refugee Agency, almost 589,000 Ukrainians applied for asylum, temporary 
protection or similar national protection in the Czech Republic since the start of the Invasion of Ukraine, with 
over 380,000 Ukrainian refugees being recorded in the Czech Republic as of 31 January 2024.5 Such a large 
number of refugees may put a strain on public services and may lead to increased government spending, further 
deepening the budget deficit. This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer competes against several large international financial institutions and may face increased 
competition from less established banks or new entrants 
As banking and financial services markets in Central and Eastern Europe (CEE), and the Czech Republic in 
particular, are becoming increasingly saturated, the Issuer may experience increased competition from both 
global financial institutions and local competitors, which may lead to reductions in interest rate margins, pricing 
of loans and other products, fee and commission income and business volumes, as well as increased costs of 
deposits and other funding. Currently, the Czech banking market is highly concentrated. Although there are only 
a few competitors comparable in size and scope of business to the Issuer, the Issuer may also face increased 
 
2 Source: Information published by the Czech Statistical Office available at: https://www.czso.cz/csu/czso/ari/consumer-price-indices-
inflation-june-2024 
3 Source: Macroeconomic Forecast of the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic available at: https://www.mfcr.cz/en/fiscal-
policy/macroeconomic-analysis/macroeconomic-forecast/2024/macroeconomic-forecast-april-2024-55477 
4 Source: Forecast of the CNB available at: https://www.cnb.cz/en/monetary-policy/forecast/ 
5 Source: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees statistics available at: https://data2.unhcr.org/en/situations/ukraine

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
 
competition from less established banks and financial institutions or new entrants seeking to offer more attractive 
interest or deposit rates or other aggressively priced products to penetrate the market. The Czech banking market 
continues to see an emergence of low-cost banks primarily focused on providing internet-based banking services. 
In addition, the year of 2021 marked a consolidation trend in the Czech banking sector, including (i) the 
acquisition of Equa Bank a.s. by Raiffeisen Bank International AG (RBI) (through the Issuer), which was closed 
on 1 July 2021, (ii) the re-contracting of retail customers of ING Bank N.V. by the Issuer, (iii) and the aqusition 
of Wüstenrot – stavební spořitelna a.s. and Wüstenrot hypoteční banka a.s. by MONETA Money Bank, a.s. This 
trend was initially expected to carry forward into the year 2022, when the proposed acquisition of Air Bank, 
Czech and Slovak Home Credit and Benxy, PPF Group’s banking and consumer lending companies by 
MONETA Money Bank, a.s. was expected to take place, however the transaction was ultimately called off in 
May 2022. In September 2022, Banka CREDITAS a.s. finalised the acquisition of Expobank CZ (renamed to 
Max banka a.s. in October 2022). In April 2023, Česká Spořitelna, Erste Group’s subsidiary in the Czech 
Republic, completed the purchase of the loan portfolio of Sberbank CZ. 
Another trend in the banking market is to reduce the use of intermediaries. Financial service providers seek to 
limit or remove intermediaries (such as brokers, independent agents and physical branches) because of the more 
diverse opportunities in new technologies that replace or reduce the need to use intermediaries. This tendency 
promotes the use of peer-to-peer lending, global payment schemes and other alternative service providers, and it 
is likely to create new competitors that may have different business models allowing them to compete even more 
aggressively on price and fees. 
New competitors in the market (such as the newly established Partners Banka) may also offer jobs to the Issuer’s 
employees and thus potentially cause the Issuer to lose talent, which may force the Issuer to create better 
conditions to retain its employees to mitigate this impact, thus potentially significantly increasing the personnel 
costs of the Issuer. 
In addition, the competition landscape in the payments market has been affected by Directive (EU) 2015/2366 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2015 on payment services in the internal market 
(the PSD2), which entered into force on 13 January 2018 and which aims to further develop the integrated 
internal market for electronic payments within the EU. Under the PSD2, among other things, banks are required 
to grant access to a customer's online account and payment services to third-party providers. This enables 
customers to choose these providers instead of the bank maintaining their account for so-called (i) account 
information services, for example the display of information regarding one or more bank accounts maintained 
with one or more banks, providing to customers better overview of their financial position; and (ii) payment 
initiation services, that is initiation of electronic payments between bank accounts, for example to a merchant. 
Although the initial response of the market to the PSD2's implementation has been slow, the spread of PSD2-
compliant services may result in increased competition in the payments markets. This could negatively affect the 
market share and the related transaction fees of banks, including the Issuer, in this market. 
In June 2023, the European Commission launched its proposal for the Payment Services Regulation (the PSR) 
and Payment Services Directive 3 (the PSD3), which together will succeed the PSD2. The main changes relate 
to fraud, further development of open banking, the granting of access to payment systems to non-bank payment 
service providers, further improving consumer rights and obligations and national competent authorities to 
closely monitor compliance and take enforcement action where relevant. The combat of fraud stands out and 
addresses new fraud types, such as impersonation fraud. To that end, the PSR introduces an obligation for 
electronic communications services providers to contribute to the collective fight against fraud, the IBAN/name 
check, a legal basis for payment service providers to share fraud related data, intensified transaction monitoring 
and an obligation for payment service providers to increase fraud awareness through education. All actors in the 
ecosystem must contribute to the combat of fraud. The PSR grants certain refund rights to consumers that 
suffered damages from the failure of the IBAN/name verification or that are a victim of bank employee 
impersonation fraud. 
The Issuer's ability to compete effectively will depend on the ability of its businesses to adapt quickly to these 
new market and industry trends, including product offerings, customer behaviour and legal developments, such 
as the adoption of the PSR and the PSD3. The Issuer continuously monitors its business in order to adapt to such 
trends, but various factors could adversely impact the implementation of such business initiatives, including 
failure to identify new products or customer demands in time or at all, misinterpretation of anticipated trends, 
flawed assumptions underlying such initiatives or unsuccessful execution of implementation measures. If the 
Issuer fails to compete effectively with either local competitors, large international financial institutions or new

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
 
financial services providers entering the market as a result of, among other things, the PSR and the PSD3, it may 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital 
base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer depends on credit conditions in the client sector 
A major share of the Issuer's operating income consists of its net interest income, which, in turn, consists, for the 
most part, of net income from customer loan credit conditions and of interest income from debt securities. Credit 
conditions in the client sector largely depend on factors beyond the Issuer's control, such as the overall economic 
output and macroeconomic situation in the Czech Republic or regulation conducted by Czech, and/or European 
policy makers, the CNB and the European Central Bank (the ECB). Although the Issuer applies a conservative 
business model and credit policy, any deterioration of credit conditions in the client sector or part thereof could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital 
base or prospects. 
Access to capital markets 
The Issuer's funding depends in part upon issues of retail bonds and covered bonds placed on local markets. The 
continuing ability of the Issuer to access such funding sources on favourable economic terms is dependent upon 
a variety of factors, including factors outside its control, such as prevailing market conditions or the investors' 
perception of risks related to investing in the Czech Republic. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will 
continue to be able to access such funding sources on favourable terms in the future, the lack of which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base 
or prospects. 
Risks Related to the Issuer's business 
The Issuer relies on customer deposits, which are mostly short-term or demand deposits, as its primary source 
of funding 
The Issuer relies on customer deposits to meet a substantial portion of its funding requirements. The majority of 
the Issuer's deposits are retail deposits, a significant proportion of which are demand deposits. As of 
31 December 2023, the Raiffeisen Group's customer deposits comprised 87.2 per cent. of its total liabilities and 
current accounts represented 66.5 per cent. of the Raiffeisen Group's customer deposits. Such deposits are subject 
to fluctuation due to factors outside of the Issuer's control, and the Issuer can provide no assurance that it will 
not experience a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time as a reaction to factors outside its 
control, which may result in liquidity gaps that the Issuer may not be able to cover. Any material decrease in 
deposits could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Czech banking sector experienced such an occurrence when, following the Invasion of Ukraine, the CNB 
announced on 28 February 2022 that it had launched steps towards the revocation of the banking licence of 
Sberbank CZ, a.s., an indirect subsidiary of the Russian majority state-owned Sberbank, following a run on the 
bank. 
Additionally, if depositors in other financial institutions in the Czech Republic or other countries were to 
withdraw significant amounts of savings generally, resulting in a failure of that institution, this could create a 
systematic effect among depositors and investors in the Czech Republic. This could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or 
reputation. 
The Issuer is exposed to liquidity risks 
The Issuer's business is subject to liquidity risks that could affect the Issuer's ability to meet its financial 
obligations as they fall due or to fulfil its commitments to lend. The liquidity risk encompasses both the risk with 
respect to the ability to finance the Issuer's assets by instruments with an appropriate repayment date, as well as 
its ability to sell its assets for an acceptable price within an acceptable time horizon.

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
 
In order to ensure that the Issuer continues to meet its funding obligations and to maintain or grow its business 
generally, it relies on diversified sources of funding including customer savings, term deposits, outstanding 
securities, accepted loans, as well as shareholder equity. 
The ability of the Issuer to access retail and wholesale funding sources on favourable economic terms is 
dependent on a variety of factors, including a number of factors outside of its control, such as liquidity 
constraints, general market conditions, especially continued volatility in the international financial markets, and 
confidence in the Czech banking system.  
The large sovereign debts and fiscal deficits in certain European countries have raised concerns regarding the 
financial condition of European financial institutions and their exposure to such countries. Generally, concerns 
about a potential default by one financial institution can lead to significant liquidity problems, losses for, or 
defaults by, other financial institutions. Defaults by large financial institutions, such as credit institutions or 
insurance undertakings, could adversely affect the financial markets. The financial soundness of many financial 
institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit-granting, trading, clearing or other relationships 
between the particular institutions. As a result, concerns about, or a default by, one or more large financial 
institutions could lead to significant market-wide liquidity problems resulting in losses or defaults by other 
financial institutions and also to a need for the Issuer to raise additional capital while at the same time making it 
more difficult to do so. 
If concerns over sovereign and financial institutions' solvency continue, or if the conditions further deteriorate, 
there is a danger that interbank funding may become generally unavailable or available only at elevated interest 
rates, which might impact the Issuer's access to, and cost of, funding. Should the Issuer be unable to continue to 
source a sustainable funding profile, the Issuer's ability to fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or 
at all, could be adversely affected. This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation.  
The Issuer is exposed to volatility in interest rates and interest spread risks 
Like most commercial banks, the Issuer earns interest from loans and other assets, and pays interest to its 
depositors and lenders. Banks, including the Issuer, usually make loans at interest rates that are different from 
the interest rates paid on deposits and borrowed funds. If the Issuer's interest spread (the difference between the 
rate of interest that the Issuer pays on funds from depositors and lenders and the rate of interest that it charges 
on loans it grants to its customers) decreases, then its net interest income will also decrease unless it is able to 
compensate by increasing the total amount of funds it lends to customers. A decrease in rates charged to 
customers will often have a negative effect on the interest spread, particularly when interest rates on deposit 
accounts are already very low, because the bank has little ability to make a corresponding reduction in the interest 
it pays to depositors and lenders. 
Furthermore, an increase in rates charged to customers can also negatively impact interest income if it reduces 
the amount of customer borrowings. A decrease in the general level of interest rates may affect the Issuer through, 
among other things, increased pre-payments on its loan portfolio and increased competition for deposits. Interest 
rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, including monetary policies implemented by the 
ECB and the CNB, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions. Central banks' 
interest rate cuts could also lead to a further compression of interest spreads. Overall, large decreases in interest 
rates can be expected to have an adverse effect on the Issuer's net interest income and continued low interest 
rates will make it more difficult to achieve growth. On the other hand, higher interest rates could lead to some 
borrowers becoming unable to service their debts, resulting in a higher proportion of non-performing loans. The 
CNB Bank Board at its most recent monetary policy meeting held on 27 June 2024, lowered the two-week repo 
rate by 0.5 percentage point to 4.75 per cent. At the same time, it lowered the discount rate by the same amount 
to 3.75 per cent. and the Lombard rate to 5.75 per cent. The new interest rate levels came into effect on 28 June 
2024. However, there is still a risk that interest rates will increase if the inflationary pressures persist. 
Deposits usually have shorter maturities than loans and, therefore, can adjust to changing interest rates faster 
than loans. Accordingly, interest rates paid by banks, including the Issuer, on shorter term deposits tend to 
increase faster than the rates banks can earn from their loans. As a result of this mismatch between loans and 
deposits, a decrease in or instability of the interest rates charged on loans may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer's net interest income. In addition, for competitive reasons, the Issuer may also choose to raise the rates of 
interest it pays on deposits without being able to make a corresponding increase in the interest rates it charges to 
its customers or re-price the securities portfolio at the same time. If the Issuer is unable for any reason to re-price

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
 
or adjust the rates on its interest earning assets in response to changes in rates on its interest bearing liabilities in 
an expedited or an effective manner as a result of economic or other reasons, the Issuer's interest income margins 
would be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, 
financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer is exposed to cyber risk and other unauthorised access of its internal and customer data 
The scale of the Issuer's business and nature of its operations requires the Issuer to receive, process and store 
significant volumes of confidential information about its customers, employees and counterparties, all of which 
needs to be safeguarded against loss, damage, mismanagement or unauthorised disclosure. Despite the Issuer's 
security measures and data protection mechanisms, its information technology and infrastructure may be 
vulnerable to cyber-attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. 
Any such breach could compromise the Issuer's networks and the information stored there could be accessed, 
modified, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, modification, disclosure or other loss of information 
could damage the Issuer's reputation and result in regulatory sanctions and other liability for breach of data 
protection laws. Such breach may, among other things, result in significant fines under applicable data protection 
laws. Cyber-attacks could also result in the loss of internal communication or communication with the Issuer's 
customers, which may result in reduced productivity and a loss of revenues. In addition, it could cause the Issuer's 
service to be perceived as not being safe, thereby harming the Issuer's reputation and deterring current and 
potential customers from using the Issuer's services. Cyber-attacks may also prevent the Issuer from discharging 
its contractual or regulatory obligations. The materialisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or 
reputation. 
A change in the ECB or the CNB collateral standards could have an adverse effect on the funding of the 
Issuer and its access to liquidity 
The ECB and the CNB currently accept certain debt instruments, such as sovereign bonds or debt instruments 
issued by central banks, as collateral for repo operations. If the ECB or the CNB were to impose more stringent 
requirements or conditions on the determination of eligible collateral or if they were to increase the rating 
requirements for securities posted as collateral, it could materially increase the Issuer's funding costs and limit 
the Issuer's access to liquidity, especially if deposits or other sources of liquidity are inadequate in the short term. 
This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The value of collateral securing the Issuer's loans and advances may not be sufficient to recover the full 
amount of any such loans and advances in the event of a default 
Deterioration in economic conditions in the Czech Republic or a decline in certain markets (either related to the 
Invasion of Ukraine or not) may reduce the value of collateral securing the Issuer's loans and advances, increasing 
the risk that the Issuer would not be able to recover the full amount of any such loans and advances in the event 
of a default. 
According to the Czech Banking Association (CBA), Czech housing transactions dropped by 50 per cent. in 2022 
to a 10-year low, as high inflation, high interest rates, higher energy prices and the war in Ukraine deterred buyers. 
New mortgage volumes for the full year 2022, excluding refinancing, dropped by 57 per cent., according to the 
CBA, as official interest rates soared to 7 per cent. in 2022 from 0.25 per cent. in 2021. New mortgage volumes 
for the full year 2023 dropped by 24 per cent. From a year-on-year perspective, the volume of mortgages thus 
increased by 93 per cent. in December 2023, compared to December 2022, however, the volume of mortgages 
remains more than 50 per cent. lower than in December 2020, according to the CBA.  
Since August 2021, the CNB Act enables the CNB to set binding upper limits on the loan-to-value ratio (LTV), 
debt-to-income ratio (DTI) and debt service-to-income ratio (DSTI) for all providers of consumer credit secured 
by residential property in connection with the identification of the systemic risks relating to those loans. However, 
the CNB Bank Board deactivated the upper limit on the DSTI with effect from 1 July 20236 as well as deactivated

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
 
the upper limits on the DTI with effect from 1 January 2024.7 This decision was based on an assessment of the 
financial cycle and the vulnerability of the banking sector and other factors affecting the sector’s resilience.  
Since economic conditions in the Czech Republic have been deteriorating due to the negative impact of the 
Invasion of Ukraine, rising energy prices and spiking inflation levels, further declines in the value of collateral 
securing real property loans, including mortgage loans, are more likely to occur and may result in the Issuer’s 
loan portfolio impairment losses increasing materially. 
In its press release dated 1 June 2023, the CNB stated that it estimates that apartment selling prices in the Czech 
Republic declined on average but were nonetheless 57 per cent. higher at the end of the first quarter of 2023 than 
the level consistent with the income of the median household buying owner-occupied housing. From the 
perspective of buy-to-let property, the estimated overvaluation was approximately 23 per cent.8 Declines in the 
value and liquidity of collateral securing loans, including mortgage loans, could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects.  
Furthermore, the Issuer undertakes certain types of lending without tangible collateral, relying only on personal 
guarantees, which may not be sufficient to cover the outstanding amount following a default. In the case of a 
default of such a loan, the Issuer has no recourse to collateral, and as a result of this if a large proportion of these 
borrowers were to default due to deteriorating economic conditions or otherwise this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects 
or reputation. 
Defaults by counterparties may lead to losses that exceed the Issuer's provisions and the maximum probable 
losses predicted by the Issuer's risk management processes and procedures 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk that borrowers or other counterparties will not be able to meet their obligations 
owed to the Issuer. Counterparties include, among others, brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment 
banks, and other institutional as well as retail customers. Exposures can arise through trading, lending, deposit-
taking, clearance and settlement and other financing activities and relationships. The Issuer may incur losses if 
its counterparties default on their obligations. If losses arising from counterparty defaults significantly exceed 
the amounts of the Issuer's provisions or require an increase of such provisions, this could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. This 
risk may be exacerbated if the collateral held by the Issuer cannot be realised or can only be liquidated at prices 
below the level necessary to recover the full amount of the loan, derivative or other contractual exposures. 
The Issuer continues to maintain a very sound loan portfolio. Impairment losses on credit and off-balance sheet 
exposures increased by CZK 1,478 million year on year, totalling CZK 1,351 million as of 31 December 2023 
(on an individual basis). At the Raiffeisen Group level, impairment losses on credit and off-balance sheet 
exposures increased by CZK 1,123 million year on year, totalling CZK 983 million as of 31 December 2023 (on 
a consolidated basis). The Raiffeisen Group keeps a very good quality of client's credit portfolio. The proportion 
of loans and advances with forbearance decreased by 0.3 per cent., totalling 0.6 per cent. of the total loan 
portfolio. 
Concerns about potential defaults by one financial institution can lead to significant liquidity problems, losses 
for, or defaults by, other financial institutions. The commercial and financial stability of many financial 
institutions is interrelated due to credit, trading and other relationships, and consequently even a perceived lack 
of creditworthiness may lead to market-wide liquidity problems. This could lead to a need for the Issuer to raise 
additional capital while at the same time making it more difficult to do so. If the levels of the counterparty risk 
return it could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer faces the possibility of losses from operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems or from external events. The definition of operational risk includes legal risk, but excludes strategic and 
 
7 Source: CNB press release dated 29 November 2023 available at: https://www.cnb.cz/en/cnb-news/press-releases/CNB-retains-binding-
LTV-limit-for-mortgage-loans-deactivates-binding-DTI-limit-and-leaves-countercyclical-capital-buffer-rate-at-2/  
8 Source: CNB press release dated 1 June 2023 available at: https://www.cnb.cz/en/cnb-news/press-releases/CNB-leaves-binding-mortgage-
limits-except-for-DSTI-unchanged-and-lowers-countercyclical-capital-buffer-rate-to-2.25/

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
 
reputational risk. Legal risk includes, among others, exposure to fines, penalties or punitive damages resulting 
from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements. 
The Issuer's business operations are dependent on the ability to process a large number of complex transactions 
across different markets in many currencies. Operational losses, including monetary damages, costs, and direct 
and indirect financial losses or write-downs, may result from inadequacies or failures in internal processes, 
systems, e.g., information and communication technology (ICT) systems, licences from external suppliers, fraud 
or other criminal actions, employee errors, outsourcing, failure to properly document transactions or agreements 
with customers, vendors, sub-contractors, co-operation partners and other third parties, or to obtain or maintain 
proper authorisation, or from customer complaints, failure to comply with regulatory requirements, including, 
among others, to anti-money laundering, data recording, data protection and antitrust regulations, conduct of 
business rules, equipment failures, failure to protect its assets, including intellectual property rights and collateral, 
failure of physical and security protection, natural disasters or the failure of external systems, including those of 
the Issuer's suppliers or counterparties and failure to fulfil its obligations, contractual or otherwise.  
There can be no assurances that risk controls and other actions implemented by the Issuer to mitigate exposures 
or losses will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced by the Issuer, or that the Issuer's 
reputation will not be damaged by the occurrence of any operational risks. 
As a part of its banking activities, the Issuer provides its customers with investment advice, access to internally 
as well as externally managed funds and serves as custodian of third-party funds. In the event of losses incurred 
by its customers due to investment advice from the Issuer, or the misconduct or fraudulent actions of external 
fund managers, the Issuer's customers may seek compensation from the Issuer. Such compensation might be 
sought even if the Issuer has no direct exposure to such risks, or has not recommended such counterparties to its 
customers. Any claims in this respect could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
The Issuer faces significant ICT risks inherent in the banking business 
The Issuer is dependent on ICT systems. The ICT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as 
software and hardware malfunctions, malicious hacking, physical damage to vital ICT centres and computer 
virus infection. If the ICT systems fail, even for a short period of time, the Issuer may be unable to service some 
or all of its customers' needs on a timely basis and could thus lose business and potential income. Likewise, a 
temporary shut-down of the ICT systems could result in higher internal costs associated with the recovery of the 
systems. ICT systems require regular upgrading to meet the needs of changing business and regulatory 
requirements, to remove vulnerabilities and software errors and to keep pace with the growth of banks' and 
financial institutions' existing operations and possible expansion into new business lines and markets. The Issuer 
and its service providers may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis, and upgrades may 
fail to function as planned. 
The unification and implementation of new ICT systems may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
operational risk profile. In addition to costs incurred as a result of any failure or interruption of its ICT systems, 
the Issuer could face fines from the CNB if its ICT systems fail to enable it to comply with the applicable banking 
or other regulations. There can be no assurances that the procedures and controls put in place by the Issuer will 
be effective in preventing or managing all risks relating to the ICT systems of the Issuer. This could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, 
prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer's risk management strategies and procedures may prove insufficient or fail 
The Issuer's strategies and procedures for managing credit risk, country risk, market risk, liquidity risk and 
operational risk may prove insufficient or fail. Some of the Issuer's methods for managing risk are based upon 
observations of historical market behaviour. The Issuer also applies statistical techniques to observations to arrive 
at quantifications of its risk exposures. However, these methods may not accurately quantify the Issuer's risk 
exposures. As additional information becomes available, the Issuer may need to make additional provisions if 
default rates are higher than expected. If circumstances arise whereby the Issuer did not identify, anticipate or 
correctly evaluate certain risks in developing its statistical models, losses could be greater than the maximum 
losses envisaged under its risk management system.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
 
In addition, if any of the instruments and strategies that the Issuer uses to hedge its exposure to various types of 
risk is not effective, the Issuer may incur losses. Unexpected market developments may also adversely affect the 
effectiveness of the Issuer's hedging strategies, and the Issuer may choose not to hedge all of its risk exposures 
in all market environments or against all types of risk. In addition, the methodology by which gains and losses 
resulting from certain ineffective hedges are recorded may result in additional volatility in the Issuer's reported 
results of operations. 
Any material deficiency in the Issuer's risk management or other internal control policies or procedures may 
expose it to significant credit, liquidity, market or operational risk and material unanticipated losses, which may 
in turn have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Resignation or loss of key personnel could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to execute its strategy 
The Issuer's key personnel, including the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer and other members of 
the Issuer's senior management, have been instrumental in establishing and implementing the Issuer's key 
strategies. Their continued service at the Issuer is critical to the overall management of the Issuer and its ability 
to implement its strategies. The loss of their services, or the inability to attract and retain other suitably qualified 
senior management personnel, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, 
financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer may have difficulty recruiting or retaining qualified employees 
The continued growth of the Issuer's existing operations and its ability to successfully expand its business 
depends on its ability to retain existing employees and to identify, recruit and retain additional individuals who 
are not only familiar with the local language, customs and market conditions, but also have the necessary 
qualifications and level of experience in banking and related businesses. In the Czech Republic, where the Issuer 
operates, the pool of individuals with the required set of skills is smaller than in most Western European 
countries. Increasing competition for labour in the Czech Republic from other financial institutions may also 
make it more difficult for the Issuer to attract and retain qualified employees and could lead to increases in labour 
costs. If the Issuer is unable to attract and retain new talent or if competition for qualified employees increases 
its labour costs, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer may have difficulty detecting or deterring employee misconduct 
The Issuer faces the risk of further loss due to its employees' lack of knowledge, employee error, including 
administrative or record keeping errors, wilful or negligent violation of laws, rules, regulations and internal 
policies and procedures or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees occurs in the financial services industry 
and could involve, among other things, improper use or disclosure of confidential information, violation of laws 
and regulations concerning financial abuse, including insider trading, money laundering, embezzlement and 
fraud, any of which could result in regulatory sanctions and fines as well as serious reputational and financial 
harm. Misconduct by employees, including violation of the internal risk management or other policies and 
procedures of the Issuer, could also include binding the Issuer to transactions that exceed authorised limits or 
present unacceptable risks, or hiding unauthorised or unsuccessful activities, which, in either case, may result in 
unknown and unmanaged risks and losses. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct and the 
precautions the Issuer takes to detect such activity may not be effective. Given the Issuer's high volume of 
transactions, errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. In addition, a 
number of banking transactions are not fully automated, which may further increase the risk that human error or 
employee tampering will result in losses that may be difficult to detect quickly or at all. The direct and indirect 
costs of employee misconduct and reputational harm could be substantial. This could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or 
reputation. 
The Issuer is exposed to foreign exchange and currency risks 
As of 31 December 2023, foreign currency position of the Raiffeisen Group expressed as Value at Risk (VaR) 
was CZK 1 million and the main foreign currencies, in which assets and liabilities of the Raiffeisen Group were 
denominated, were EUR and in USD (for details see Risk Management - Types of Risks Managed). The Issuer

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
 
translates such assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on such assets and liabilities, and gains 
and/or losses realised upon the sale of such assets, to Czech Koruna in preparing its financial statements. The 
overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Issuer's results of operations depends on the rate of depreciation 
or appreciation of the Czech Koruna against its principal trading and financing currencies (EUR and USD). In 
addition, the Issuer has a portfolio of derivatives which expose it to fluctuations in the value of the Czech Koruna 
against foreign currencies. 
As a protection against open foreign currency risk, the Issuer uses a set of limits established by reference to the 
standards of the group comprised of RBI and its direct and indirect subsidiaries including the Issuer (the RBI 
Group). The limits are set for individual currencies and for the overall currency position. 
Although the Issuer sets such limits, manages its foreign exchange positions accordingly and performs certain 
other measures aimed at reducing exchange rate risk, including, among others, entering into foreign exchange 
derivative contracts, these measures may not be effective and the fluctuations in exchange rates could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, 
or prospects. 
The Issuer is subject to risks in its trading activities 
The Issuer trades various securities and derivatives, including debt, equity and commodities, both as agent and 
principal, and it derives a portion of its non-interest income from profits earned in such trades. The consolidated 
net loss on financial operations of the Raiffeisen Group for the year 2023 was CZK 322 million. 
The Issuer may be exposed to a number of risks related to changes in the value of such financial instruments, 
including the risk of unfavourable market price movements relative to its investment positions, a decline in the 
market liquidity of the related instruments, volatility in market prices, interest rates or foreign currency exchange 
rates relating to these positions and the risk that the instruments with which the Issuer chooses to hedge certain 
positions do not track the market value of those positions. If the Issuer incurs any losses from these exposures, 
this could reduce the Issuer's income or cause the Issuer to suffer losses, either of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base and 
prospects. 
Risks related to the group interdependence 
The Issuer's business is interwoven with that of its parent company, RBI. The mutual ties are established, among 
others, through numerous refinancing arrangements, mutually shared products and standards, as well as through 
existing funding (with respect to the equity, additional tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments) provided to the Issuer. 
Potential economic problems of RBI may result in a risk of potential additional capital support not being available 
for the Issuer. Moreover, any potential downgrade of credit ratings of RBI could also have a negative effect on 
the investors' perception of the Issuer. Furthermore, deterioration of the financial performance of RBI could, in 
turn, adversely affect the Issuer's own business. The materialization of any of such risks relating to the RBI could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital 
base, prospects or reputation. 
If the Issuer and RBI Group do not maintain their reputation, the Issuer’s ability to attract new customers 
and retain existing customers may be harmed 
Reputational risk is inherent to the Issuer’s business activity. The ability to retain customers and to attract new 
customers depends in part on the Issuer’s and RBI Group’s brand recognition and their reputation for quality of 
service. Negative public opinion towards the Issuer, RBI Group or the financial services sector as a whole could 
result from real or perceived practices in the financial sector in general, such as negligence during the provision 
of financial products or services, or even from the way that the Issuer conducts, or is perceived to conduct, its 
business operations. In addition, the Issuer’s reputation is strongly linked to the reputation of the RBI Group, 
meaning that negative perceptions of RBI Group could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s reputation. Such a 
development could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to maintain and attract customers, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
 
The Issuer is dependent on its banking and other licences 
The banking and other operations performed by the Issuer require it to obtain licences from the CNB and other 
Czech authorities. A large majority of the Issuer's business depends on its banking licence issued by the CNB. If 
the Issuer loses its general banking licence, it will be unable to perform any banking operations in the Czech 
Republic. Although the Issuer believes that it has the necessary licences for its banking and other operations and 
that it is currently in compliance with its existing material licence and reporting obligations, there is no assurance 
that it will be able to maintain the necessary licences in the future. The loss of a licence, a breach of the terms of 
any licence or failure to obtain or renew any required licences in the future could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Risks Related to the Regulatory Environment 
Changes and developments in laws or regulations in the Czech Republic and the EU, including legislation 
relating to the financial and banking sectors, may have a material adverse impact on the Issuer 
The Issuer is subject to a number of laws and regulations in a number of jurisdictions where it conducts its 
operations, particularly the Czech Republic. Such laws and regulations include, among other things, banking 
regulation designed to maintain the safety and financial soundness of banks and limit their exposure to risk, 
regulations relating to financial services, securities products and other businesses, tax, accounting and financial 
reporting regulation, anti-money laundering, consumer credit, capital requirements or corporate requirements 
regulation. 
As a result of new and more demanding regulatory requirements and other changes in legislation, the Issuer may 
need to increase its capital or debts eligible to meet the minimum capital requirement and eligible liabilities, 
increase retained earnings or reduce risk-weighted assets, for example through their sales, or stop participating 
in certain activities. These facts could lead to a reduction in the Issuer’s ability or complete inability to meet its 
debts. 
On 14 September 2022, the European Commission introduced a proposal for a Council Regulation (EU) 
2022/1854 on an emergency intervention to address high prices (the Emergency Intervention Regulation) 
which, among others, establishes a solidarity contribution of electricity generating companies and fossil fuel 
sector due to the current market situation and their profits. Following the adoption of the Emergency Intervention 
Regulation, on 6 October 2022, the Czech Ministry of Finance introduced a windfall tax proposal, which was 
approved by the Parliament of the Czech Republic, signed by the President and published in the Collection of 
Laws during November 2022 and fully entered into force on 1 January 2023 (the Windfall Tax Amendment).  
The windfall tax introduced by the Windfall Tax Amendment applies to energy sector companies and banks with 
net interest income exceeding CZK 6 billion in the previous year, which is the threshold generally separating 
large and medium banks and small banks, as defined by the CNB. The tax rate is 60 per cent. and applies to the 
concerned companies as a tax surcharge on top of the 21 per cent. corporate income tax on their excessive profits. 
The additional 60 per cent. tax rate is applied against positive difference between tax base in the current year and 
the arithmetic average of its historical tax bases for the four preceding tax years before 2022 (i.e. 2018-2021) 
increased by 20 per cent. The Windfall Tax Amendment assumes time limited effect for years 2023 to 2025. 
Advances on this tax were paid during 2023 along with advances on corporation tax based on 2022 reported tax 
base.  
The above-described measures will result in additional tax liabilities/costs of the Issuer and as such could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital 
base, prospects or reputation. 
On 7 September 2023, the CNB Bank Board decided to end the remuneration of minimum reserves with effect 
from 5 October 2023. The CNB took this step to lower the cost of implementing monetary policy. The ECB 
adopted a similar decision in July 2023. Until then, the minimum reserves were remunerated by the two-week 
repo rate announced by the CNB, which was at 7 per cent at that time. This step will likely be reflected by a 
lower net interest income of the Issuer in 2024. 
Additionally, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the following regulatory developments are most likely 
to impact the Issuer in the short-to-medium-term future:

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
 
• 
The Raiffeisen Group and the Issuer have been and, in the future, will be subject to stress testing 
exercises initiated and/or conducted by the European Banking Authority (the EBA), the ECB 
and/or any other competent authority. The Issuer's results of operations may be adversely affected 
if the Issuer or any of the financial institutions with which the Issuer does business receives 
negative results on such stress tests. In 2024, the ECB is conducting its first ever cyber resilience 
stress test to assess how banks respond to and recover from cyberattacks. The outcome of any such 
stress tests will be taken into account for supervisory decisions such as the Supervisory Review 
and Evaluation Process (the SREP). Further, the Banking Package (as defined below) contains 
provisions whereby environmental, social and governance risks will also be taken into 
consideration for the purpose of SREP. Given that the Raiffeisen Group and the Issuer will be 
included in future stress tests carried out by EBA and other institutions, this may result in a 
requirement to increase its own funds and/or other supervisory interventions if the Issuer's capital 
was to fall below the predefined threshold at the end of the stress test period and/or other 
deficiencies are identified in connection with a stress test exercise. 
• 
The CRR, BRRD (as both terms are defined below) and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended from time to time (the CRD) as well 
as the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of 15 July 2014, as amended from time to time, in particular 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the 
SRM Regulation) set out certain minimum capital (in terms of quantity and quality) and other 
regulatory requirements applicable to credit institutions such as the Issuer. This regulatory 
framework (and the related Czech implementation laws) is subject to permanent developments and 
changes. 
• 
Since 28 December 2020 amendments to the previously existing rules for setting the amount to be 
complied with for purposes of fulfilling the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act (MREL) have started 
to apply. In this context, it should be noted that the SRM Regulation and the BRRD continue to be 
subject to discussion and change, such as in the context of the proposal to adjust further the existing 
EU bank crisis management and deposit insurance (CMDI) framework published by the European 
Commission in April 2023 and expected to apply from late 2026 onwards at the earliest. 
• 
Further, in October 2021, the European Commission has published a draft legislative package, 
which will further amend the CRR and the CRD (the Banking Package). In December 2023, final 
elements of the Banking Package have been agreed and the Banking Package has been endorsed 
by the Council and the European Parliament. The Banking Package is currently subject to the final 
vote in the plenary of the European Parliament and is expected to apply from 1 January 2025 (with 
respect to the changes to the CRR). In this context, it should be noted that the Banking Package 
introduces, inter alia, a lower limit on capital requirements that banks calculate when using internal 
models (so-called output floor), which will be phased in gradually until 2032. Such changes as well 
as any further specifications made by the European Commission, EBA and/or the relevant Member 
States may result in increased uncertainty, increased capital requirements, increased costs of 
funding for the Issuer and, by requiring the Issuer to monitor ongoing developments, in increased 
costs of compliance. 
The above and any further regulatory changes may result in additional material costs for the Issuer and 
significantly impact its capital resources and requirements. As such, they may adversely affect the Issuer by, 
among other things, restricting the type or volume of transactions the Issuer may enter into, set limits on, or 
require the modification of, rates or fees that the Issuer charges on loans or other financial products. The Issuer 
may also face increased compliance costs and material limitations on its ability to pursue business opportunities. 
All these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and Raiffeisen Group's business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation, which in turn may have a 
negative impact on the Mortgage Covered Bonds and be detrimental to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
(including the risk of a total loss of interest and capital invested by the Mortgage Covered Bondholders). 
The Issuer is subject to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, implementing BRRD and setting out a bank 
recovery and resolution framework which is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to 
credit institutions considered to be failing or at risk of failing. The implementation of any action under it 
could materially affect the Issuer and/or the value of any Mortgage Covered Bonds

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and amending Council Directive 
82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 
2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European 
Parliament and of the Council (BRRD I) designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or relevant entity. This is so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant 
entity's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity's failure on 
the economy and financial system. 
The powers set out in BRRD I, as amended by BRRD II (BRRD) impact how credit institutions and investment 
firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. BRRD is implemented in Czech 
law by the Czech Act No. 374/2015 Coll., on Recovery and Resolution in the Financial Market, as amended (the 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act), which provides for a framework for the recovery and resolution of Czech 
banks and investment firms. 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for a special resolution regime applicable to Czech banks 
(such as the Issuer) or their groups (including the Raiffeisen Group) and distinguishes between two basic sets of 
measures. These measures are crisis prevention measures (in Czech, opatření k předcházení krizí) and crisis 
resolution measures (in Czech, opatření k řešení krize). Responsibility for operation of the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act rests almost exclusively with the CNB as the relevant resolution authority whilst the Ministry of 
Finance of the Czech Republic has some joint powers together with the CNB in adopting and applying the 
government stabilisation tools (including the temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of a 
Czech bank). The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act enables the CNB to intervene in failing Czech banks, 
Czech banks which are likely to fail, or Czech banks reaching a point of non-viability and also deals with certain 
other discrete matters. The measures and procedures were implemented into Czech law by the Czech Resolution 
and Recovery Act without substantial deviations from BRRD. 
The exercise of any power under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act or any suggestion of such exercise 
could, therefore, materially adversely affect the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation and/or the rights of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the price 
or value of their investment in any Mortgage Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds. For a detailed description of the powers available under BRRD, 
as implemented in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, see section General Description of Czech Legislation 
relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Basel III framework may affect the capital requirements and/or the liquidity associated with a holding of 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds for certain investors and the Issuer may incur substantial costs in monitoring 
and complying with new capital adequacy requirements 
In 1988, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee) adopted capital guidelines that 
explicitly link the relationship between a bank's capital and its credit risks. In June 2006 the Basel Committee 
finalised and published new risk-adjusted capital guidelines (Basel II). Basel II includes the application of risk-
weighting which depends upon, amongst other factors, the external or, in some circumstances and subject to 
approval of supervisory authorities, internal credit rating of the counterparty. The revised requirements also 
include allocation of risk capital in relation to operational risk and supervisory review of the process of evaluating 
risk measurement and capital ratios.  
Basel II has not been fully implemented in all participating jurisdictions. The implementation of the framework 
in relevant jurisdictions may affect the risk-weighting of the Mortgage Covered Bonds for investors who are or 
may become subject to capital adequacy requirements that follow the framework. The Basel II framework was 
implemented in the European Union by the Directive 2006/48/EC and Directive 2006/49/EC on the capital 
adequacy of investment firms and credit institutions (the Capital Adequacy Directives). The Basel Committee 
on Banking Supervision has approved a sequence of major reforms to the Basel II framework (the set of reform 
measures being commonly referred to as Basel III) which envisages a substantial strengthening of existing 
capital rules, including new capital and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to 
establish minimum liquidity standards and minimum leverage ratios for financial institutions. In particular, the 
changes include amongst other things, new requirements for the capital base, measures to strengthen the capital 
requirements for counterparty credit exposures arising from certain transactions and the introduction of a 
leverage ratio as well as short-term and longer-term standards for funding liquidity (referred to as the Liquidity

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
 
Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)). Basel III set an implementation deadline on 
member countries to implement the new capital standards from January 2013, the new LCR from January 2015 
and the NSFR from January 2018. The changes approved by the Basel Committee may have an impact on the 
capital requirements in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and on incentives to hold the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds for investors that are subject to requirements that follow the revised framework and, as a result, they may 
affect the liquidity and value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Basel III has been implemented in the European Union by Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investments firms (CRD IV) and Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (CRR I). CRD IV and CRR I 
were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013. Most of the provisions in CRD 
IV and CRR I took effect on 1 January 2014. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published its final revised standards for calculating the risk exposure 
amount, also known as Basel IV. The Basel Committee recommends, among others, that constraints on internal 
models and the revised standardised approaches should be implemented beginning in 2022. However, the 
political process that should eventually lead to the implementation of the recommendations in the EU has started 
only recently, and the outcome thus remains uncertain. 
In general, investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds and as to the consequences for and effect on them of any changes to the Basel II 
framework (including the Basel III as well as the possible Basel IV changes described above) and the relevant 
implementing measures. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or 
otherwise. 
The requirements of the NSFR set out criteria for a minimum amount of stable resources to cover illiquid assets 
and contingent liabilities in the medium term (i.e. more than one year). The binding minimum standard for the 
NSFR is part of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amending CRR I (CRR II) and adopted together with Directive (EU) 
2019/878 amending CRD IV (CRD V), Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending BRRD I (as defined below) (BRRD 
II) and the SRM Regulation, which entered into force on 28 June 2021. The level at which the NSFR is set may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base 
or prospects. 
There is no certainty as to the final framework for, or the timing of, the capital adequacy standards that will be 
ultimately developed and implemented, and the Issuer may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying 
with the new capital adequacy requirements. The new capital adequacy requirements may also impact existing 
business models. In addition there can be no assurances that breaches of legislation or regulations by the Issuer 
will not occur and, to the extent that such a breach does occur, that significant liability or penalties will not be 
incurred. 
Legal and regulatory claims could have an adverse impact on the Issuer's business 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer and some other members of the Issuer are subject to regulatory 
oversight and liability risk. The Issuer carries out operations through a number of legal entities mainly in the 
Czech Republic, where it is subject to regulation. Laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer are continuously 
amended and new requirements are imposed on the Issuer and some other members of the Issuer, including, 
among others, regulations relating to financial services, securities products and other businesses, and tax, 
accounting and financial reporting regulations, anti-money laundering, consumer credit, capital requirements or 
corporate requirements.  
Non-compliance with, or any breaches of, such regulation expose the Issuer to the risk of various claims, 
disputes, legal proceedings or governmental investigation. Moreover, the Issuer is involved in a variety of claims, 
disputes or other legal proceedings and governmental investigations in jurisdictions where it is active. These types 
of claims and proceedings expose the Issuer to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs), 
direct or indirect financial loss, civil and criminal penalties, loss of licences or authorisations, or loss of 
reputation, as well as the potential for regulatory restrictions on its businesses, all of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital base, prospects 
or reputation.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
 
Insolvency and other laws and regulations governing creditors’ rights in the Czech Republic may limit the 
Issuer’s ability to obtain payments on defaulted credits 
Insolvency proceedings in the Czech Republic often take several years and the level of the creditors’ recovery is 
relatively low. Therefore, the Issuer cannot ensure that its rights as a creditor in insolvency proceedings will be 
adequate to enable the Issuer to successfully collect amounts owed by debtors. Moreover, the Issuer’s litigation 
costs stemming from insolvency proceedings of its borrowers or counterparties may increase substantially as a 
result of any newly adopted and untested procedures and potential changes in the regulation. 
The process of collateral enforcement in the Czech Republic is rather costly and often takes several years. As a 
result, the Issuer may be unable to enforce in a timely manner, for reasonable costs or at all, collateral securing 
loans and other credit extended by the Issuer, including mortgage loans. This could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation.  
Non-compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), or stricter interpretation of the 
existing requirements or future modifications of the data protection laws, could have a negative impact on the 
Issuer’s business 
With effect as of 25 May 2018 the Issuer’s operations and services need to comply with Regulation (EU) 
2016/679, General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR) which generally imposes uniform rules on all market 
participants operating within the EU and strict sector specific rules under the e-Privacy Directive (Directive 
2002/58/EC). GDPR implements a stricter data protection compliance regime and substantially increases fines 
for a breach of data protection regulation. Under GDPR, data protection agencies have the right to audit the 
Issuer and impose orders and fines, up to EUR 20 million, or up to 4 per cent. of the worldwide annual revenue 
for the previous financial year, if they find that the Issuer has not complied with applicable laws and adequately 
protected customer data. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are few official guidelines available that 
would indicate how data protection agencies will evaluate and investigate non-compliance issues and a degree 
of uncertainty therefore remains in this regard. As such, there can be no assurance that the Issuer is fully 
compliant with GDPR in all aspects of its operations. Any difference in interpretation of the GDPR by the data 
protection agencies resulting in the Issuer’s non-compliance with GDPR or any other applicable data protection 
laws, or any limitations imposed by stricter interpretation of the existing requirements or by future modifications 
of the data protection laws, could have a significant impact on the Issuer’s business operations and its ability to 
market products and services to existing or potential customers. As such, the materialisation of any of the above 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and anti-terrorism financing rules involves 
significant ongoing costs and efforts and non-compliance may have severe legal and reputational 
consequences 
The Issuer must comply with national and international rules and regulations regarding money laundering, 
anti-corruption and the financing of terrorism. In recent years, these rules and regulations have been tightened 
and may be further tightened and more strictly enforced in the future. Compliance with these rules and regulations 
puts a significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and poses significant technical 
problems. Any violation of these or similar rules, or even the suspicion of such violations, may have severe legal, 
monetary and reputational consequences, including sanctions imposed by the CNB, and thus could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, 
prospects, or reputation. 
Risks relating to the International Cover Pool 
The holders of Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under this Programme may share the International Cover 
Pool with holders of other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any person and constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which will rank pari passu among themselves and with 
all other Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the International

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
 
Cover Pool and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the same priority as the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer may create one Cover Pool, providing cover for all Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (and other Czech covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act) 
or several Cover Pools, in which case the Issuer has to specify which Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (or other 
Czech covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act) should be covered by each 
Cover Pool.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer operates three active Cover Pools. Only the International Cover 
Pool covers the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under this Programme. The Issuer has other bond programmes, 
under which it has issued Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and also issued Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds on 
a standalone basis, all of which are covered by one of the other Issuer’s Cover Pools. The Issuer may issue further 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds in the future on a standalone basis or otherwise which will be covered by the 
International Cover Pool. 
If the Mortgage Covered Bondholders declared their Mortgage Covered Bonds due and demanded their 
immediate redemption in accordance with their terms, the proceeds of the International Cover Pool would be 
distributed among all Mortgage Covered Bondholders, whose Mortgage Covered Bonds were (i) covered by the 
International Cover pool, and (ii) accelerated or became due and payable. This may result in Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders receiving less than the total interest and principal they were expecting in respect of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. Although the Issuer will comply with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test 
(each as defined and described in section The International Cover Pool below), there can be no assurance that 
the Cover Assets (as defined in section General Description of Czech Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered 
Bonds – 2. Czech Covered Bond Legislation below) and the Accessory Assets (as defined below in section 
General Description of Czech Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 3. Cover Assets, Liquidity 
Buffer and Statutory Cover Tests below) which are eligible assets for the purposes of the Czech Bonds Act and 
which comprise the International Cover Pool will have sufficient value to meet all payments due in respect of 
the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Mortgage Covered Bonds). 
The CNB may take action if it determines that there are Shortcomings in the Issuer’s activities whilst 
operating as a bank 
If the CNB discovers Shortcomings (i.e., “shortcomings in the activities” of the Issuer as defined and described 
in section General Description of Czech Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 9. Consequences of 
Certain Issuer's Shortcomings below), which include, for instance, violation of the general prudential 
requirements, such as failure by the Issuer to comply with or remedy the breach of the applicable tests set out in 
the Czech Bonds Act (i.e., the Statutory Tests) (as defined and described in section The International Cover Pool 
below), the CNB may, for as long as the Issuer holds its banking licence and until insolvency proceedings have 
been opened against the Issuer, impose a Measure (as defined and described in section General Description of 
Czech Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 9. Consequences of Certain Issuer's Shortcomings 
below) upon the Issuer. As a result of the imposition of a Measure, the Issuer may be restricted in, or prohibited 
from, certain trades which would represent a risk for the Issuer, including that the Issuer may not be allowed to 
issue further Mortgage Covered Bonds or Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, refinance the existing Mortgage 
Covered Bonds or any other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds or make any payments under the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds or any other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds to any party or the Issuer may have to cease payments only 
to those parties who are closely associated with the Issuer or persons who are a part of the same consolidated 
unit or Connected Persons (as defined and described in section General Description of Czech Legislation relating 
to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 9. Consequences of Certain Issuer's Shortcomings below) to the Issuer. 
Therefore, there can be no assurance, upon the CNB having discovered the Shortcoming, and consequently, 
having imposed the Measure, that the Issuer will be able to issue further Mortgage Covered Bonds, refinance 
existing Mortgage Covered Bonds, make payments under the Mortgage Covered Bonds or comply with any other 
obligations the Issuer has under the Conditions. During such period the Mortgage Covered Bondholders might 
have no access to the International Cover Pool. 
In addition, if any of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders are persons who are closely associated with the Issuer 
or persons who are a part of the same consolidated unit or Connected Persons (as defined and described in section 
General Description of Czech Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 9. Consequences of Certain

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
 
Issuer's Shortcomings below) to the Issuer, such Mortgage Covered Bondholders are unlikely to receive 
payments under the Mortgage Covered Bonds and will not have immediate recourse to the Cover Pool, provided 
that the relevant Measure has been imposed by the CNB and for as long as that Measure is in effect. 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ position might deteriorate as a result of the transfer of assets included 
in the International Cover Pool and the transfer of the Issuer’s obligations under the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds 
If the Issuer is failing or is likely to fail and it is beyond the reach of less drastic remedial action to prevent such 
failing than the application of crisis resolution measures (as described in section General Description of Czech 
Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 10. Czech Resolution and Recovery Act below), the CNB 
may, pursuant to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act (which implements the BRRD), adopt a set of crisis 
prevention measures (in Czech, opatření k předcházení krizí) and crisis management measures (including crisis 
resolution measures and actions and the appointment of a special manager) (in Czech, opatření k řešení krize). 
The crisis resolution measures and tools include, among other things, a transfer of business measure, a transfer 
to a bridge institution measure and a transfer to an asset management entity measure which can be achieved 
through various share and property transfers (as also described in section General Description of Czech 
Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 10. Czech Resolution and Recovery Act below). The approval 
of the respective Issuer’s creditors for such transfers is not required. There is a risk that these transfers may affect 
the Issuer’s assets that are included in the International Cover Pool or the Issuer’s obligations under the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (or any other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds).  
However, the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for various protections from the effect of partial 
property transfers. Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, a transfer or passage of property, rights and 
liabilities under legal arrangements or relationships that qualify as “protected rights and liabilities”, may not 
provide for the transfer or passage of some, but not all, of such “protected rights and liabilities” from legal 
arrangements or relationships. The “protected rights and liabilities” under legal arrangements or relationships 
under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act in turn comprise, irrespective of number of parties or their 
governing law and no matter if the reason for their creation and continuation is contractual or statutory, among 
other things, covered bonds as well as structured finance arrangements, including securitisations and instruments 
used for hedging which form an integral part of the Cover Pool and which are secured in a way similar to the 
covered bonds.  
Although the Issuer complies with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test in respect of the 
International Cover Pool, the Mortgaged Property Value might reduce over time causing the value of the 
Mortgage Loans becoming insufficient to meet the relevant Contractual Asset Cover Test and Statutory Tests 
and insufficient to provide cover for the issued and outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The International Cover Pool consists of (i) Cover Assets which include the Mortgage Loans secured by way of 
a legally perfected first ranking mortgage in favour of the Issuer over the Mortgaged Property (as defined below) 
and (ii) Accessory Assets. 
Cover Assets must comply with the applicable requirements or criteria set out in the Czech Bonds Act. In 
particular, pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the nominal value of each Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan in the 
Cover Pool may not exceed 100 per cent. of the value of the Mortgaged Property (as defined in section General 
Description of Czech Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 3. Cover Assets, Liquidity Buffer and 
Statutory Cover Tests). In addition, the Issuer covenants, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, to ensure 
compliance with the Contractual Eligibility Criteria and the Contractual Asset Cover Test. If the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are issued as “CRR Compliant” Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Cover Assets covering them will 
also need to comply with the conditions set out in the CRR. If the Issuer fails to comply with the applicable 
requirements or criteria set out in the Czech Bonds Act or the CRR, such non-compliance constitutes an 
administrative delict under the Czech Bonds Act, subject to a fine of up to CZK 20 million. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, all the Mortgaged Property is located in the Czech Republic. The 
Mortgaged Property Value as well as the value of the Mortgage Loans included in the International Cover Pool 
may reduce over time (including, in particular, in the event of a general downturn in the value of properties 
located in the Czech Republic) causing the value of the Mortgage Loans becoming insufficient to meet the 
Contractual Asset Cover Test, the Statutory Tests and insufficient to provide cover for the issued and outstanding 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Issuer covenants, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, to ensure

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
 
compliance with the Contractual Asset Cover Test, a general downturn in the value of properties located in the 
Czech Republic could adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and business 
prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the value of the 
International Cover Pool. 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders will receive limited information in respect of the International Cover 
Pool 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage 
Loans or other assets contained or to be contained in the International Cover Pool, as it is expected that the 
constitution of the International Cover Pool will change from time to time due to, for example, the purchase or 
origination of further Mortgage Loans by the Issuer. The Issuer is, pursuant to Section 32 of the Czech Bonds 
Act and the CNB Decree, required to maintain the Covered Block Records and, pursuant to the Decree of the 
CNB No. 346/2013 Coll. of 16 October 2013 (in Czech, Vyhláška České národní banky č. 346/2013 Sb. ze dne 
16. října 2013), required to file quarterly reports with the CNB (within 25 calendar days following the end of 
each calendar quarter) containing summary information about the International Cover Pool and the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, however, neither the Covered Block Records nor 
the quarterly reports are publicly available. Deloitte Audit s.r.o. has been appointed to act as the Asset Monitor 
pursuant to the terms of an Asset Monitor Agreement, pursuant to which it will be required to conduct on annual 
basis certain agreed upon procedures consisting in checks and calculations on the Statutory Tests performed by 
the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree (see section General Description of 
Czech Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds below) and the Conditions (section Issuer Covenants 
and The International Cover Pool below). The Asset Monitor will only be required to perform its role starting 
from the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date and in the scope as per the wording of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement valid on the date the Asset Monitor is performing its procedures. The Asset Monitor Report will not 
be publicly available or available to potential investors in the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Risks associated with the Permission for Covered Block 
Pursuant to Section 30d of the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer must, no later than on the date of issuance of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and throughout the period of the issuance of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, possess the 
Permission for Covered Block (as defined below), which is granted (as well as potentially revoked) by the CNB 
if certain conditions set out in the Czech Bonds Act are met (as described in section General Description of 
Czech Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 6. Covered block and its Management below).  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has obtained the Permission for Covered Block from the CNB 
but there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to maintain the Permission for Covered Block. If the 
Permission for Covered Block were to be revoked, the Issuer would no longer be able to issue the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Risk relating to the Issuer’s insolvency 
The Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Mortgage Covered Bonds or to issue further Mortgage 
Covered Bonds may be restricted or discontinued by a preliminary injunction issued by a Czech court 
Under Section 74 et seq. of the Czech Act. No 99/1963 Coll., as amended (the Civil Procedure Code), a Czech 
court may, at its discretion and upon a petition from any third person filing a claim against the Issuer, issue a 
preliminary injunction (in Czech, předběžné opatření) if: (i) it is necessary to temporarily govern the relationship 
between the Issuer and that third person; or (ii) there is a doubt whether the enforcement of a court decision 
issued will be carried out. Such preliminary injunction may stay in effect until the end of the relevant court 
proceedings. This is a general regulation of the civil procedure under Czech law and, thus, regardless of the 
Issuer’s insolvency, there can be no assurance that such a preliminary injunction would not impose upon the 
Issuer the obligation to stop or delay payments under Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds) or restrict or prohibit the Issuer from issuing further Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds). 
Following the Issuer having become unable to pay its monetary obligations as they fall due, the value of the 
Mortgage Loans in the International Cover Pool might reduce becoming insufficient to meet the relevant

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
 
Contractual Asset Cover Test and Statutory Tests and thus insufficient to provide cover for the issued and 
outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds as a result of some debtors of the Mortgage Loans having 
exercised the right of unilateral set-off of their claims and obligations vis-à-vis the Issuer 
If the Issuer enters into separate transactions (including transactions under various agreements on current or other 
bank accounts) with the debtors of Mortgage Loans, which are in the International Cover Pool, such debtors 
may, under certain conditions, have a right of set-off of their obligations under the Mortgage Loans against any 
amounts owed by the Issuer. 
Czech law allows for two means of set-off, a unilateral set-off and a contractual set-off. In both cases the law 
requires that the subject matter of mutual claims to be set-off is of the same kind. In broad terms, a unilateral set-
off refers to circumstances when one of the parties takes a unilateral action towards the other party invoking a 
set-off without any action being taken whatsoever by the other party. The general rule is that a unilateral set-off 
of mutual claims is only possible when such claims are due and payable. In contrast, a contractual set-off, which 
is always based on an agreement between the parties, can always take place regardless of whether mutual claims 
to be set-off are due and payable. Current instalments on the Mortgage Loans would typically become due and 
payable but not the whole amount of the Mortgage Loan except when the Mortgage Loan is a defaulted loan and 
it has, as a consequence, become due and payable. Therefore, the possibility of a unilateral set-off against the 
whole amount of the Mortgage Loan or its significant part is very limited in practice. 
Czech law allows not only for a pre-insolvency but also an insolvency set-off, although additional restrictions 
apply in an insolvency set off compared to the pre-insolvency regime described immediately above. Mutual 
claims of the Issuer and its creditor may generally be set-off after the initiation or opening of insolvency 
proceedings (in Czech, zahájení insolvenčního řízení) (the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings), 
however set-off at this stage of the insolvency proceedings may be restricted by the insolvency court by issuing 
a preliminary injunction. Mutual claims of the Issuer and its creditor may be set-off after the declaration of 
insolvency (in Czech, rozhodnutí o úpadku) (the Declaration of Insolvency), provided that the statutory 
conditions for set-off have been fulfilled prior to the decision on the manner of resolution of the debtor’s 
insolvency. Also, the set-off after the Declaration of Insolvency will not be possible if: (i) the creditor did not 
file the claim to be set off in the insolvency proceedings; (ii) the creditor acquired its claim through an ineffective 
legal act; (iii) the creditor was aware of the debtor’s insolvency at the time it acquired the claim to be set off; (iv) 
the creditor has not yet satisfied the debtor’s due and payable claim for the amount owing which exceeds the 
creditor’s claim to be set off; and (v) in certain other circumstances described in the Czech Insolvency Act, such 
as upon the issuance of the Preliminary Injunction by the insolvency court. There is only one available method 
of resolving the Issuer’s insolvency and that is bankruptcy (in Czech, konkurs). The insolvency court would 
therefore always decide simultaneously on a Declaration of Insolvency to confirm the state of affairs and on a 
declaration of bankruptcy (in Czech, rozhodnutí o prohlášení konkursu) (the Declaration of Bankruptcy) to 
decide on the use of method to resolve the insolvency. Therefore, the statutory conditions for set-off must be met 
prior to the Declaration of Insolvency and Declaration of Bankruptcy in respect of the Issuer. According to the 
conservative interpretation this means that a set-off must be perfected prior to such decision, i.e. that the set-off 
must also be invoked against the Issuer prior to the Declaration of Bankruptcy. However, there is also a view 
that the legal conditions of set-off do not comprise the act by which set-off is invoked against the Issuer. 
In summary, the above means that, having no regard to whether the relevant claims and obligations have become 
due and payable, the right of a unilateral set-off of (i) the claims of the debtors under the Mortgage Loans vis-à-
vis (ii) the claims of the Issuer under the Mortgage Loans, may be exercised not only prior to the insolvency but 
also after the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings or even after the Declaration of Bankruptcy in respect 
of the Issuer and, subject to some other conditions, always only provided that the Issuer is unable to pay its 
monetary obligations as they fall due. Although the Issuer may contractually eliminate such debtors’ rights to 
set-off and such contractual arrangements would continue to apply following the Commencement of the 
Insolvency Proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the Issuer has not done that in its agreements or contracts on 
Mortgage Loans and/or agreements or contracts on current or other bank accounts it has entered into with its 
clients as the debtors under the Mortgage Loans, nor has the Issuer done that in its Standard Contractual Terms 
and Conditions applicable to those agreements or contracts. 
Hence, the Issuer’s clients, who are the debtors of the Mortgage Loans and at the same time have a claim against 
the Issuer from separate transactions (including transactions under various agreements on current or other bank 
accounts), may exercise the right of unilateral set-off of their claims against the Issuer and the possibility of that 
set-off taking place cannot be completely excluded. Consequently, no assurance can be given that, if the right of

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
 
unilateral set-off has been duly exercised by some debtors of the Mortgage Loans, the value of the Cover Assets 
or Accessory Assets in the International Cover Pool will be sufficient to pay all amounts due and payable under 
all Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including the Mortgage Covered Bonds).

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus are complex financial instruments and are 
not suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. An investment in the Mortgage Covered Bonds is only 
suitable for investors experienced in financial matters who are in a position to fully assess the risks relating to 
such investment and who have sufficient financial means to absorb potential loss stemming therefrom. 
The risk factors regarding the Mortgage Covered Bonds are presented in the following categories depending on 
their nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
• 
Risks arising from the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
• 
Risks related to the nature of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
• 
Risks related to the trading market for the Mortgage Covered Bonds and to the admission of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds to trading on a regulated market; and 
• 
Other risks related to the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Risks arising from the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Step-up/Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
A Mortgage Covered Bondholder with a fixed rate of interest (the Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds) is 
exposed to the risk that the price of such Mortgage Covered Bond falls as a result of changes in the market 
interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bond as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Mortgage Covered Bond, the current interest rate on capital 
markets (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price 
of a Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bond also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate 
increases, the price of a Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bond typically falls, until the yield of such Mortgage 
Covered Bond is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the price of a 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bond typically increases, until the yield of such Mortgage Covered Bond is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the Mortgage Covered Bondholder of a Fixed Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bond holds such Mortgage Covered Bond until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without 
relevance to such Mortgage Covered Bondholder as the Mortgage Covered Bond will be redeemed at a specified 
redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Mortgage Covered Bond. The same risks apply to fixed 
rate Mortgage Covered Bond where the fixed rate of interest increases over the term of the Mortgage Covered 
Bond (the Step-up Mortgage Covered Bonds) or where the fixed rate of interest decreases over the term of the 
Mortgage Covered Bond (the Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds and, together with Step-up Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, the Step-up/Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds) if the market interest rates in respect of 
comparable Mortgage Covered Bonds are higher than the rates applicable to such Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued with a fixed interest rate and a floating interest rate (the Fixed to Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds) comprise both, risks relating to Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (see section  
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Step-up/Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds) above) and risks 
relating to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (see section Floating Rate below). In addition, the Issuer's 
ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be 
lower than the rates on other Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Risks associated with the reform of Euribor, Pribor and other interest rate benchmarks 
A Mortgage Covered Bondholder of a Mortgage Covered Bonds with a floating rate of interest (the Floating 
Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds) is exposed to the risk of fluctuating CMS rates (in case of Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds linked to a constant maturity swap rate (the CMS)) or fluctuating reference rate levels 
(in case of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds linked to reference rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (Euribor), the Prague Interbank Offered Rate (Pribor) or other reference rates) and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating CMS rate levels or reference rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating 
Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds in advance. 
The Euribor, the Pribor and other interest rate indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (each a Benchmark 
and together the Benchmarks) have become the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which may have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds linked to such a Benchmark.  
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include Benchmarks Regulation. In addition, there are 
numerous other proposals, initiatives and investigations which may impact Benchmarks. The Benchmarks 
Regulation applies to 'contributors', 'administrators' and 'users' of Benchmarks in the EU, and (i) requires, among 
other things, Benchmark administrators to be authorised (or, if non-EU-based, to have satisfied certain 
'equivalence' conditions in its local jurisdiction, to be 'recognised' by the authorities of a Member State pending 
an equivalence decision or to be 'endorsed' for such purpose by an EU competent authority) and to comply with 
requirements in relation to the administration of Benchmarks and (ii) ban the use of Benchmarks of unauthorised 
administrators. The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called 'critical Benchmark' 
indices such as Euribor, will apply to many other interest rate indices. Given that the Benchmarks Regulation 
does not apply to central banks and that the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA®), the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (SOFR®) and the euro short-term rate (€STR®) are administered by the Bank of England, the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York and European Central Bank (the ECB), respectively, SONIA®, SOFR® and 
€STR® do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation as at the date of this Base Prospectus. In case 
the administrator of any of these reference rates changes in the future, such reference rate might fall within the 
scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds linked to 
a Benchmark rate or index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation, its authorisation is withdrawn or suspended, or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which 
(subject to applicable transitional provisions) does not satisfy the 'equivalence' conditions, is not 
'recognised' pending such a decision and is not 'endorsed' for such purpose. In such event, depending on 
the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, the 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or 
otherwise impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark' could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate 
or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the 
terms of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, including Issuer determination of the rate or level 
in its discretion. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a material 
adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in 
certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the 
disappearance of certain Benchmarks. In this context, it should be noted that also the Euribor is subject to 
constant review and revision. It is currently not foreseeable whether the Euribor will be discontinued from 2025. 
Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the abovementioned changes and/or any further changes

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
 
in the administration or method of determining a Benchmark could affect the level of the published rate, including 
to cause it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be, and/or could have an effect on the value 
of any Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds whose interest or principal return is linked to the relevant 
Benchmark, investors should be aware that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and the amount payable under the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds. Benchmarks could also be discontinued entirely. If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds which are linked to such Benchmark 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
which in the end could result in the same rate being applied until maturity of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest (or resulting in a redemption 
right of the Issuer). Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
the amounts payable on Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds whose rate of interest is linked to a discontinued 
Benchmark.  
Under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission has also been granted powers to 
designate a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of an EU 
Member State, where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. It is currently unclear whether 
the fallback provisions of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds would be considered suitable, and there is 
therefore a risk that if the consent to solicitation is not successful the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
would be required to transition to a replacement benchmark rate selected by the European Commission. There is 
no certainty at this stage what any such replacement benchmark would be.  
Risks associated with new reference rates such as SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR® 
Interest rates of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be linked to SONIA®, SOFR® and 
€STR®(collectively, the Alternative Reference Rates). SONIA® is based on actual transactions and reflects the 
average of the interest rates that banks pay to borrow sterling overnight from other financial institutions. Investors 
should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the SONIA® as a reference rate in the capital 
markets and its adoption as an alternative to the Sterling London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). The market 
or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA® that differs significantly from that set out in 
the Terms and Conditions. It may be difficult for investors in Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds which 
reference a SONIA® rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. Further, if the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds become due and payable, the 
rate of interest payable shall be determined on the date the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds became due 
and payable. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
On 22 June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (ARRC) convened by the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York identified the SOFR® as the rate that 
represented best practice for use in certain new U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts. The Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York notes that use of the SOFR® is subject to important limitations and disclaimers. 
SOFR® is published based on data received from other sources. There can be no guarantee that the SOFR® will 
not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors 
in the respective Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. If the manner in which the SOFR® is calculated is 
changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and the trading prices of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. SOFR® has been published 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York since April 2018. Investors should not rely on any historical changes 
or trends in the SOFR® as an indicator of future changes in the SOFR®. Also, since the SOFR® is a relatively 
new market index, the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds might not yet have an established trading market 
when issued. Trading prices of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be lower than those of later-
issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if the SOFR® does not prove to be widely used in securities 
like the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, the trading price of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
may be lower than those of debt securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in the Floating 
Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may not be able to sell the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds at all or may 
not be able to sell the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from 
increased pricing volatility and market risk. Investors should consider these matters when making their 
investment decision with respect to any such Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
 
Similar to the approaches in the United States and the United Kingdom, the Governing Council of the ECB has 
decided to develop €STR® based on data already available to the eurosystem. €STR® reflects the wholesale euro 
unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks, complements existing benchmark rates provided by the 
private sector and is published on each TARGET Day (whereby TARGET Day means any day on which 
TARGET is open for settlements of payment in euro or, as from the day the successor real-time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem (the T2) will be operational, any day on which T2 will be open for settlements 
of payment in euro) since 2 October 2019. Given that it cannot be excluded that further changes will be 
implemented and, in particular, that there is no historical data or trends that investors could rely on and that the 
transition from (previously) existing reference rates to €STR® could result in further uncertainties and limitations, 
investors in the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds should consider all these factors when making their 
investment decision with respect to any such Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Since Alternative Reference Rates are a relatively new market index, the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or 
may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to such Alternative Reference Rates, such as 
the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such 
debt securities may be lower than those of later issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if these 
Alternative Reference Rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, the trading price of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be lower than those of debt securities 
linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may not be able 
to sell such Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds at all or may not be able to sell such Floating Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
There can also be no guarantee that these Alternative Reference Rates will not be discontinued or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds. If the manner in which the respective Alternative Reference Rate is calculated is changed, that change 
may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds and 
the trading prices of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Risk of early redemption 
Mortgage Covered Bonds that contain a call option of the Issuer (the Call-Option) may be redeemed by the 
Issuer on certain call dates (the Call Dates) as specified in the Final Terms, by giving notice to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders (subject to restrictions in applicable laws and regulations). 
If the Issuer redeems any Mortgage Covered Bonds prior to maturity or if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are 
subject to an early redemption due to a tax or regulatory event, a Mortgage Covered Bondholder is exposed to 
the risk that due to early redemption his investment may have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer might 
exercise his optional call right if the yield on comparable Mortgage Covered Bonds in the capital market falls 
which means that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in Mortgage Covered Bonds 
with a lower yield. 
Risks associated with the withholding taxation regime in the Czech Republic 
The Czech tax treatment of the Mortgage Covered Bonds has been significantly affected by the 2021 ITA 
Amendment and the 2022 Banking Act Amendment (all capitalized terms used in this risk factor are defined in 
section Taxation where more information on the taxation regime in the Czech Republic can be obtained and in 
section Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and Related Information). 
Such Czech tax changes may result in a potential Withholding Tax of up to 35 per cent. in respect of interest 
payments on the Mortgage Covered Bonds even to Beneficial Owners who would otherwise be entitled to tax 
relief (whether in the form of an exemption or a reduced rate) (the Tax Relief) unless certain administrative and 
technical steps, including certifications by the Mortgage Covered Bondholder, are complied with (for more 
details about these steps please refer to the Certification Procedures under Risks associated with the evidencing 
of Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax Relief). Furthermore, where the Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued at 
a price lower than its principal amount (i.e. below par), a failure to comply with these steps could trigger a 
withholding of Tax Security of 1 per cent. from any payment of principal on such Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Terms and Conditions may stipulate that no gross-up on any payment in respect of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will be provided by the Issuer, in which case no gross-up obligation will apply in respect of any payments

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. This applies, for example, to payments in respect of Zero Coupon 
Mortgage Covered Bonds as is stipulated in § 6 of the Terms and Conditions. 
Furthermore, even if § 6 of the Terms and Conditions stipulates that a gross-up obligation of the Issuer applies, 
there are certain carve outs from such obligation under which, for example, no gross-up applies to payments in 
respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds where any withholding or deduction by the Issuer is for or on account 
of the Tax Security or where the Beneficial Owner of such Mortgage Covered Bonds is a Czech Tax Resident 
individual. There may be certain other carve outs from gross-up applicable and any carve-out may apply even if 
the Beneficial Ownership Information has been duly provided in accordance with the Certification Procedures. 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding the implications for their 
holding, or the potential purchase or sale of any Mortgage Covered Bonds. Given that the new taxation regime 
is applicable in the Czech Republic only from 1 January 2022, it is not yet possible to determine the exact 
implications that the new regime may have on the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Further, the new tax regime 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is currently associated with many ambiguities and may be subject to further 
changes. 
Risks associated with the evidencing of Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax Relief 
Under Czech tax law, the Issuer is personally liable for (i) any Withholding Tax (all capitalized terms used in 
this risk factor are defined in the section Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and Related 
Information and Taxation) and Tax Security (as the case may be) which are required to be withheld or deducted 
at source at the appropriate rate under any applicable law by or within the Tax Jurisdiction from any payment of 
interest and principal in respect of Mortgage Covered Bonds as well as (ii) the granting of any Tax Relief. The 
Issuer bears the related burden of proof vis-à-vis the tax authorities, which necessitates, before any Tax Relief 
can be granted, collection of the Beneficial Ownership Information.  
Accordingly, for so long as this requirement is stipulated by Czech tax law, unless the Issuer receives, in 
accordance with the Certification Procedures, the Beneficial Ownership Information in relation to a payment of 
principal and interest in respect of a Mortgage Covered Bond (whether this is because the relevant Beneficial 
Owner fails to provide such information or because the Certification Procedures have not been duly followed or 
for any other reason, except where this is caused by actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents), the Issuer 
will withhold (i) up to 35 per cent. Withholding Tax from any payment of interest on such Mortgage Covered 
Bond and (ii) if such Mortgage Covered Bond was issued at a price lower than its principal amount (i.e. below 
par) 1 per cent. Tax Security from any payment of principal on such Mortgage Covered Bond unless the Issuer 
has in its possession all the necessary information (by virtue of other means and as determined by the Issuer in 
its sole discretion) enabling the Issuer not to apply the Withholding Tax (or to apply it at a lower rate) or not to 
apply the Tax Security (as the case may be) and the Issuer will not gross up payments in respect of any such 
withholding. 
As a result, the Beneficial Owner will be required to provide, in order to be entitled to any Tax Relief, the 
Beneficial Ownership Information. If the Beneficial Owner fails to provide the Beneficial Ownership 
Information or it is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, payments of interest to such Beneficial Owner will be 
subject to Withholding Tax of up to 35 per cent. and if the Mortgage Covered Bond was issued at a price lower 
than its principal amount (i.e. below par), the Tax Security of 1 per cent. from any payment of principal on such 
Mortgage Covered Bond will also apply. However, if the Beneficial Owner would otherwise be entitled to any 
Tax Relief, it may then make use of the Quick Refund Procedure to recover any such amounts withheld.  
Should the Beneficial Owner, who would otherwise be entitled to any Tax Relief, fail for any reason to make 
use of the Quick Refund Procedure, the Beneficial Owner may make use – with respect to Withholding Tax only 
– of the Standard Refund Procedure. There is a risk, however, that such Beneficial Owner may not, in spite of 
duly providing the Beneficial Ownership Information obtain a refund of any amounts withheld, as under the 
Standard Refund Procedure, it is conditional on the ability of the Issuer to, firstly, successfully obtain a 
corresponding refund of the amounts originally withheld and paid to the Czech tax authorities. The use of the 
Standard Refund Procedure is also subject to a fee in respect of the Issuer’s administrative costs in following this 
procedure. 
In addition, a concept of the Entitlement Date (as defined below), which is reflected in the Terms and Conditions 
and will also be taken into account for the purposes of the Certification Procedures, may adversely affect the

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
 
Beneficial Owner’s eligibility for any Tax Relief to be granted under these procedures (see risk factor Entitlement 
date applicable in respect of the Bearer Mortgage Covered Bonds below). 
The Certification Procedures have not yet been tested in practice and, as such, there is a risk that the procedures 
may be burdensome on the Beneficial Owners or result in additional costs being incurred by the Beneficial 
Owners. Further, the Issuer accepts no responsibility and will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by 
any Beneficial Owner who would otherwise be entitled to a Tax Relief, but payments on the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds to whom are nonetheless paid net of any Withholding Tax or Tax Security (as the case may be) withheld 
by the Issuer either because the Certification Procedures have proven ineffective or because the Certification 
Procedures have not been duly followed or for any other reason, except where this is caused by actions or 
omissions of the Issuer or its agents. 
Where the Beneficial Owner does not hold Mortgage Covered Bonds directly on an account in the books of the 
ICSDs, it may not be able to benefit from the Certification Procedures if the intermediary through which it holds 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the respective ICSD has not implemented the Certification Procedures.  
In addition, in accordance with the terms and conditions between the ICSDs and the participants to the ICSDs, 
the ICSDs are not obliged to provide tax assistance and may unilaterally decide to discontinue the application of 
tax services, for which no liability for any consequences is accepted. Consequently, there is a risk that the 
Certification Procedures may be discontinued at any time. 
See section Taxation for a fuller description of certain tax considerations relating to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
and the formalities which the Beneficial Owners must follow in order to claim exemption from Withholding Tax 
and Tax Security (as applicable) as well as the procedures and formalities for claiming a refund of amounts that 
have been withheld, where applicable. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders are subject to the risk of losing rights vis-à-vis the Issuer against their will in 
the event that the other Mortgage Covered Bondholders agree pursuant to the Final Terms with the Issuer to 
make certain amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds by majority vote 
according to the German Bond Act (in German, Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) and the particular Mortgage 
Covered Bondholder is supporting a dissenting view on a matter. As the relevant majority for Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders in relation to the relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds resolutions is generally based on votes 
cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds 
outstanding, any such resolution may technically be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds outstanding. 
In the case of an appointment of a common representative for all Mortgage Covered Bondholders, a particular 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder may lose, in whole or in part, the possibility to enforce his rights against the 
Issuer regardless of other Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds with a Cap 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be equipped with a cap with respect to the interest payment. In that 
case, the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders will not be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. The 
yield of these Mortgage Covered Bonds could therefore be lower than that of similarly structured Mortgage 
Covered Bonds without a cap. The market value of such Mortgage Covered Bonds may decrease or fluctuate 
over their term to a higher extent than comparable interest structured Mortgage Covered Bonds without a cap. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds with a participation rate (factor) 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be equipped with a feature that, for the calculation of interest 
payable on the Mortgage Covered Bonds, an amount calculated on the basis of the interest provisions of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds will be multiplied by a participation rate (factor). 
In the case of a participation rate (factor) which is below 100 per cent. (a factor smaller than 1), Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders usually participate less on a positive performance of the relevant reference rate(s) than this

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
 
would be the case in the event of a multiplication with a factor of 1 or if Mortgage Covered Bonds are not 
equipped with a participation rate (factor). In other words, the variable interest rate payable on the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds increases less than the relevant reference price(s). However, in the case of a participation rate 
(factor) which is above 100 per cent. (a factor bigger than 1), Mortgage Covered Bondholders usually are exposed 
to the risk that, despite of the influence of other features, the accrual of interest will decrease more in the case of 
a negative performance of the relevant reference rate(s) than this would be the case in the event of a multiplication 
with a factor of 1 or if Mortgage Covered Bonds are not equipped with a participation rate (factor). 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Zero coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds do not pay current interest (the Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered 
Bonds) but are issued at a discount from their nominal value (discounted Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered 
Bonds) or at their nominal value (compounded Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds). Instead of periodical 
interest payments, the difference between the redemption price and the issue price constitutes interest income 
until maturity and reflects the market interest rate. A Mortgage Covered Bondholder of a Zero Coupon Mortgage 
Covered Bonds is exposed to the risk that the price of such Mortgage Covered Bonds falls as a result of changes 
in the market interest rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds are more volatile than prices of 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes 
than interest bearing Mortgage Covered Bonds with a similar maturity. 
The Maturity Date may be delayed to the Extended Maturity Date under the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that an Extended Maturity Date (as defined below) is applicable to a Series 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds and the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter) or if any other relevant circumstance set out in the 
Conditions occurs, the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds not 
redeemed will be automatically extended up to (and including) the date designated as an “Extended Maturity 
Date” in the applicable Final Terms (the Extended Maturity Date). In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or 
part of the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in 
any month after the Maturity Date, up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. In that event also, the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, save in respect of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds from the 
Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer, and no payment will be payable to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders in that event other than as set out in the section Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds and Related Information. 
As discussed in The holders of Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under this Programme may share the 
International Cover Pool with holders of other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer and Risks 
associated with over-indebted Covered Block and the principle of dual recourse above, the Issuer's International 
Cover Pool is shared by all Mortgage Covered Bondholders. This means that if particular Final Terms specify 
Extended Maturity Date as applicable, there is a risk that, in the event that the Issuer were in financial difficulty, 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in relation to that Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds would not be paid as 
quickly as Mortgage Covered Bondholders in respect of similar Series without an Extended Maturity Date. This 
would put such Mortgage Covered Bondholders at a disadvantage if the Issuer entered into financial difficulties 
in the period between the Maturity Date and the Extended Maturity Date as other Series of Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds might be paid by the Issuer after the Maturity Date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds before any 
financial difficulty or increased financial difficulty were obvious. 
The concept of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under and governed by foreign law was adopted by 
the Czech Bonds Act in 2012 and it is not certain how the Czech Bonds Act as well as the CNB Decree and the 
relevant provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act will be interpreted in judicial, administrative or other relevant 
practice following the date of issue of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The current wording of Section 28(1) of the Czech Bonds Act provides that Czech covered bonds (in Czech, 
kryté dluhopisy) are either: (i) bonds (in Czech, dluhopisy) which are issued under and governed by Czech law; 
or (ii) similar debt securities representing a right for repayment of an owed amount issued under foreign law, 
which as of the respective issue date meet the Statutory Tests.

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
 
The Czech Bonds Act has been amended already in 2012 to enable the mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, 
hypoteční zástavní listy) (i.e. the only category of then recognized Czech covered bonds) to be issued not only 
as Czech law governed bonds (in Czech, dluhopisy) but also as foreign law (e.g., German law) governed debt 
securities such as the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Czech Bonds Act and the issuance of German law governed 
covered bonds have not been tested in Czech courts and, for this reason, there is no relevant case law available. 
It is uncertain how the Czech Bonds Act will be interpreted or whether changes or amendments will be made to 
it which will affect the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Therefore, no assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Czech law (including the Czech Bonds Act, 
the CNB Decree or the Czech Insolvency Act) or administrative or other relevant practice after the date of issue 
of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Additionally, the interpretation of certain provisions of Czech law, in particular commercial, financial and 
insolvency laws, is not well established due to little precedent in respect of sophisticated commercial and 
financial transactions between private parties. Furthermore, these laws are subject to changes and interpretation 
in a manner which cannot be currently foreseen and anticipated, and which may affect the rights and obligations 
arising in connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
In addition, any change in legislation or in practice in the Czech Republic, Luxembourg, Germany or in any 
other relevant jurisdiction could adversely impact: (i) the ability of the Issuer to service the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds; and (ii) the market value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
In any proceedings taken in the Czech Republic for the enforcement of the obligations of the Issuer under any 
contract governed by German law, the Czech courts should recognise the choice of German law as the governing 
law of such contract subject to the provisions of Regulation (EC) No 593/2008 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council on the law applicable to contractual obligations (the Rome I Regulation). To the extent the rules 
of the Rome I Regulation do not apply to unilateral acts, Section 90 of Czech Act No. 91/2012 Coll., on private 
international law (Czech Private International Law Act) provides (with effect from 1 January 2014) for free 
choice of law in respect of such unilateral acts. 
Recent changes in the Czech Bonds Act may affect various aspects of the validity or enforceability of the 
Issuer's or the Mortgage Covered Bondholders' rights and obligations including those under the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds  
A significant amendment No. 307/2018 Coll. to the Czech Bonds Act which introduced a new legal framework 
of Czech covered bonds including ring-fencing of the Cover Pool from the Issuer's general insolvency estate has 
entered into force on 4 January 2019. This framework was substantially modified by Act No. 96/2022 Coll., in 
particular in order to transpose into Czech law the directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision (the 
Covered Bond Directive). Considering that this new regulatory framework took effect from 4 January 2019 and 
its amendment transposing the Covered Bond Directive took effect from 29 May 2022, there is no case law and 
very limited market practice at this moment. It is not clear how the new and untested regulatory framework and 
regulations will be interpreted in the future and what effect such interpretation will have on the validity and 
enforceability of certain rights and obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to the nature of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Entitlement date applicable in respect of the Bearer Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Although the concept of a record date or entitlement date is not usually applicable to Bearer Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, the Terms and Conditions introduce this concept as the Certification Procedures (see risk factor Risks 
associated with the evidencing of Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax Relief above) require for it to be present 
in the documentation to ensure that the Certification Procedures work as intended. The concept of a record date 
or entitlement date serves as a cut-off date for determining the Mortgage Covered Bondholders entitled to receive 
payments of principal, interest or other amounts in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds as at the relevant 
payment date. Application of such concept in respect of the Bearer Mortgage Covered Bonds has not been tested 
in practice. 
As set out in the Terms and Conditions, any payments of principal, interest or any additional amounts in respect 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will only be made to a Mortgage Covered Bondholder that was a Mortgage

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
 
Covered Bondholder as of the close of business on the date being 15 Business Days prior to due date for the 
relevant payment date (the Entitlement Date). Accordingly, in case of any sale and transfer of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in the period between the Entitlement Date and the relevant payment date, the Issuer will pay 
such amounts to a Mortgage Covered Bondholder that held the Mortgage Covered Bonds as of the Entitlement 
Date and not to a Mortgage Covered Bondholder to which the Mortgage Covered Bonds had been transferred 
after the Entitlement Date. Such Mortgage Covered Bondholder will not be able to recover any amounts paid to 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholder that held the Mortgage Covered Bonds as of the Entitlement Date. 
Risks relating to market value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The market value (or the market price) of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be affected by a number of factors 
such as prevailing interest and yield rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions or, as 
the case may be, the remaining term of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are traded 
after their initial issuance, these factors may lead to a market value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds being 
substantially below their Issue Price. The market value, at which a Mortgage Covered Bondholder will be able 
to sell the Mortgage Covered Bonds, may be substantially below the Issue Price. The Issuer does not guarantee 
that the spread between purchase and selling prices lies within a certain range or remains constant. If the 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder sells the Mortgage Covered Bonds at a time where the market value of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds is below the Issue Price he will suffer a loss. 
Interest rate risk 
The interest rate risk is one of the central risks of interest-bearing Mortgage Covered Bonds. The interest rate 
level on the money and capital markets may fluctuate on a daily basis and cause the value of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds to change on a daily basis. The interest rate risk is a result of the uncertainty with respect to 
future changes of the market interest rate level. Mortgage Covered Bondholders of floating rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds may receive a lower interest amount than they have initially expected. Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders of fixed rate Mortgage Covered Bonds are exposed to an interest rate risk that could result in a 
diminution in value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds if the market interest rate level increases. In general, the 
effects of this risk increase as the market interest rates increase. 
Currency risk with respect to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be denominated in a currency other than the currency of the jurisdiction 
where the investor is domiciled or where the investor seeks to receive funds. Exchange rates between currencies 
(Currency Exchange Rates) are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international currency 
markets, which are affected by macro-economic factors, speculations and intervention by the central banks and 
governments (including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). Fluctuations in Currency Exchange 
Rates may have a negative impact on the value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and may result in a loss. 
Risks associated with over-indebted Covered Block and the principle of dual recourse 
In the case of the Issuer's insolvency, Czech law allows Mortgage Covered Bondholders to benefit from dual 
recourse against the (i) International Cover Pool, which covers the obligations of the Issuer arising from the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under this Programme, and (ii) insolvency estate of the Issuer. Where, after the 
commencement of insolvency proceedings, the aggregate value of the Cover Assets in the International Cover 
Pool is lower than the total nominal value of the debts for which the International Cover Pool serves (i.e. the 
Covered Block is over-indebted), the Covered Block Administrator shall quantify the claims of the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders to the extent in which they are not covered by the International Cover Pool and, without 
undue delay, shall send such quantification to the insolvency court within the period stipulated by the applicable 
law (typically two months). Upon delivery of the quantification, the respective claims contained therein are 
deemed to be registered within the insolvency proceedings (in order to seek satisfaction from the insolvency 
estate of the Issuer). The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may also register these claims themselves. 
However, if the Covered Block Administrator fails to quantify the relevant claims of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders within the above-mentioned period for registration of claims with the insolvency court and the 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders do not make the respective registration themselves within one year after the 
lapse of the period for registration of claims, the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will no longer be able to register 
such claims with the insolvency court.

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
 
The over-indebted Covered Block can also be subject to the proportional (pari passu) decrease of all debts from 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds for whose cover the Cover Pool serves (the Pari Passu Haircut) (see section 
General Description of Czech Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 11. Insolvency of the Issuer 
and The International Cover Pool below). The Pari Passu Haircut will not result in a permanent reduction of the 
nominal values of all such debts, but the amounts exceeding the Pari Passu Haircut shall not be covered by the 
respective Cover Pool. While the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be able to register their claims in the 
amount exceeding the Pari Passu Haircut within the respective insolvency proceedings, such claims will be 
satisfied on a pari passu basis with all the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
If any of these risks materialise, the Mortgage Covered Bondholders might lose a part of their investment.  
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may share the Issuer's Cover Pool with the holders of other covered 
bonds issued by the Issuer 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any person and constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which rank pari passu among themselves and with all 
other covered bonds issued by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the Cover Pool and with other 
obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the same priority as the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer may create one cover pool, providing cover for all covered bonds 
issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act, or several cover pools, in which case the Issuer 
has to specify covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act should be covered by 
each cover pool.  
Thus, all holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under this Programme have the benefit of the 
International Cover Pool. Furthermore, the Issuer is not limited in the nature or volume of covered bonds it may 
issue in the future which will be covered by the International Cover Pool, and may therefore also issue further 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds or other covered bonds without a limitation in terms of volume which will be 
covered by the same cover pool as the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under this Programme.  
Under the Czech Bonds Act, without undue delay after (i) the CNB has filed an insolvency petition seeking the 
Declaration of the Insolvency of the Issuer, (ii) the Commencement of the Insolvency Proceedings, (iii) the Issuer 
has entered into liquidation or (iv) the CNB has revoked the Issuer's banking licence, the CNB appoints an 
involuntary covered block administrator (in Czech, nucený správce krytých bloků) (the Covered Block 
Administrator). Upon its appointment, the Covered Block Administrator manages all the covered blocks of the 
Issuer, including the Covered Block (which is constituted by the Cover Pool and the debts that the Cover Pool 
covers). 
If the CNB would appoint the Covered Block Administrator, and if the Covered Block Administrator realised 
any proceeds from the International Cover Pool (in accordance with its powers described in section General 
Description of Czech Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds– 11. Insolvency of the Issuer and the 
Cover Pool below), the proceeds would be distributed among all Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the holders of 
any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer then outstanding that will be covered by the International Cover 
Pool and the creditors of other debts covered by the International Cover Pool. This may result in Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders receiving less than the total interest and principal they were expecting in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Issuer will comply with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset 
Cover Test, there can be no assurance that the assets comprising the International Cover Pool will have sufficient 
value to meet all payments due in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
In respect of any Mortgage Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for 
the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds may provide that it will be the 
Issuer's intention to apply  an amount, which at the Issue Date of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds, is equal 
to the net proceeds from an offer of those Mortgage Covered Bonds specifically for projects and activities that 
promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes, social or sustainable purposes (the Eligible 
Projects) in accordance with the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework as defined under the Use of Proceeds 
below. Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and the 
information set out in the section Use of Proceeds regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Mortgage Covered Bonds 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. The proceeds of such Mortgage Covered 
Bonds are not segregated and the performance of the Eligible Projects in which the proceeds or an amount 
equivalent to the proceeds of the Mortgage Covered Bonds may have been invested has no impact on the payment 
of principal and interest on the Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Projects will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Projects (including in relation to the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and 
any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom).  
No assurance can be given that Eligible Projects will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such 
“green”, “sustainable”, “social” or similar labels (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any 
related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation 
and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may 
evolve from time to time. Any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds issued under the Programme 
will not be compliant with the EU Green Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements 
and processes in the Sustainability Bond Framework. It is not clear if the establishment of the EuGB label and 
the optional disclosures regime for Mortgage Covered Bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" under the 
EU Green Bond Regulation could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds 
Mortgage Covered Bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures 
regime, such as the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds issued under this Programme. It could 
result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply with those standards proposed 
under the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
Application of proceeds of such Mortgage Covered Bonds for a portfolio of Eligible Projects will not result in 
any security, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance of such assets for the benefit of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders of any such Mortgage Covered Bond, nor will the performance of such projects or assets give rise 
to any specific claims under the Mortgage Covered Bonds or attribution of losses in respect of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Mortgage Covered 
Bonds so specified for Eligible Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects 
will be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Projects. Nor 
can there be any assurance that such Eligible Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or 
with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by 
the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. Also any failure by the Issuer to provide any reporting or obtain any opinion will not constitute 
an Event of Default under the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds for any Eligible 
Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Mortgage Covered Bonds no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of such Mortgage Covered Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Mortgage Covered 
Bonds which are intended to finance Eligible Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Sustainability Bond Framework and 
the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial 
adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds before deciding to invest. In addition, the Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
 
change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any 
subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Sustainability Bond 
Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of 
any third party relating to any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
The Issuer has appointed ISS to assess its Sustainability Bond Framework and its alignment with the ICMA 
Principles and Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines (GBP/SBP/SBG), and to issue the 
SPO. The SPO is published on the Issuer's website. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer and including 
the SPO) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds and in particular with any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds of the 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in the applicable Final Terms or the equivalent amount to 
fulfil any green, environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by 
the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current as at the date that 
opinion was initially issued, may be subsequently withdrawn and may not address risks that relate to any Eligible 
Project or may affect the value of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. The providers of such reports, assessments, 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the SPO and any other such opinion or certification 
may change at any time and the SPO may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn at 
any time. Any withdrawal of the SPO or any other opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in respect of which such opinion or 
certification is given and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in securities to be used for a particular purpose. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein. The SPO and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated 
by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party report, assessment, opinion or certification, 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Mortgage Covered Bonds and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which consequences may include the need 
to sell the Mortgage Covered Bonds as a result of the Mortgage Covered Bonds not falling within the investor’s 
investment criteria or mandate). 
There is no assurance that Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be admitted to trading on 
any dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that 
any admission obtained will be maintained 
If Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are at any time listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject 
of or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from any Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
 
given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be obtained in respect of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or, if obtained, that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds concerned.  
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are not linked to the performance of the Eligible Projects, 
do not benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or any 
contractual rights derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of such Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The performance of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds is not linked to the performance of 
the relevant Eligible Projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. 
There will be no segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds and the Eligible Projects. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or interest on the Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any rights of Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall depend on the 
performance of the relevant Eligible Projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such 
environmental or similar targets. Holders of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall have 
no preferential rights or priority against the assets of any Eligible Project nor benefit from any arrangements to 
enhance the performance of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Inflation risk 
The inflation risk is the risk of future money depreciation. The real yield from an investment is reduced by 
inflation. The higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a Mortgage Covered Bonds. If the inflation 
rate is equal to or higher than the nominal yield, the real yield is zero or even negative. 
Denominations 
In relation to any issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds which have a denomination consisting of the minimum 
Specified Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts in excess of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not 
integral multiples of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent). In such a case a Mortgage Covered Bondholder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
Risks related to the trading market for the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the admission of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds to trading on a regulated market 
Risk that no active trading market for the Mortgage Covered Bonds exists 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be newly issued securities, which may not be widely distributed and for which 
no active trading market may exist and may develop. 
Although applications could be made for the Mortgage Covered Bonds to be admitted to the regulated market of 
any stock exchange or to any market within the EEA, there is no assurance that such applications will be 
accepted, that a particular Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds will be admitted or that an active trading market 
will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance regarding the development or liquidity of a trading market for 
a particular Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds. Neither the Issuer nor a Dealer can assure that a Mortgage 
Covered Bondholder will be able to sell their Mortgage Covered Bonds prior to their maturity. If the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are not traded on any securities exchange, pricing information for the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
may be more difficult to obtain which may have a negative effect on the liquidity and the market prices of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds at any time and at any price in the open 
market, by tender or private agreement. Any Mortgage Covered Bonds purchased in this way by the Issuer may 
be held, resold or cancelled. If the Issuer (and/or any of its affiliates) acts as the only market maker or if there is 
no market maker, the secondary market may become even more limited. Market making means a situation in 
which the Issuer and any of its affiliates continuously quote bid and ask prices at which the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates are prepared to trade the Mortgage Covered Bonds in a certain volume. Market making, carried out

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
 
especially by the Issuer and any of its affiliates, may substantially influence the liquidity and/or the value of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. The prices quoted by a market maker usually do not correspond to the prices which 
would have been formed without Market Making and in a liquid market.  
The more limited the secondary market is, the more difficult it may be for Mortgage Covered Bondholders to 
realise the value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds prior to the maturity date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Therefore, a certain risk does exist that Mortgage Covered Bondholders have to hold the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds until the maturity date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or the Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed 
early (if a right to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds early is applicable). 
Risks relating to the offering volume 
The offering volume described in the Final Terms is equal to the maximum volume of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds offered, which might be increased at any time. This amount does not allow any conclusions on the volume 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds actually issued, and thus on the liquidity of a potential secondary market 
associated with the same risks as stated above. 
Legality of purchase 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer or any of their affiliates has assumed or assumes responsibility towards any 
potential investor for the legality of the acquisition of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, whether under the laws of 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
potential investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Other risks related to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Ratings 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Mortgage Covered 
Bonds to be issued under the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In addition, 
the Issuer may decide to no longer use the services of a particular rating agency or use the services of another 
rating agency. Any ratings assigned to Mortgage Covered Bonds as at the date hereof are not indicative of future 
performance of the relevant Issuer’s business or its future creditworthiness. 
Furthermore, in view of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council on Credit 
Rating Agencies (as amended), rating processes may differ from former ratings and rating processes as a result 
of which the rating of the Mortgage Covered Bonds may differ or may not be available at all. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not covered by the statutory deposit protection (in Czech, pojištění 
pohledávek z vkladů)  
Claims of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders under the Mortgage Covered Bonds are not covered by the 
statutory deposit protection (in Czech, pojištění pohledávek z vkladů). In the case of an over-indebted cover pool, 
the excessive part of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ receivables (i.e. to the extent the value of such 
receivables exceeds the available cover provided by the cover pool) remain uncovered. Such Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders’ claims may only be satisfied together with all other claims of all other general creditors of the 
Issuer registered with the insolvency court. Therefore, in such case and upon the insolvency of the Issuer, 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders could be subject to the risk of a significant loss of their investment in the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Transaction costs 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of Mortgage Covered Bondholders (direct costs), 
potential investors must also take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Potential investors 
should inform themselves about any additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds before investing in the Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
 
When Mortgage Covered Bonds are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction 
fees and commissions) are incurred beside the purchase or sale price of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. These 
incidental costs may significantly reduce or even eliminate any profit from holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Generally, credit institutions charge commissions, which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata 
commissions, depending on the order value. To the extent that additional – domestic or foreign – parties are 
involved in the execution of an order, for example domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders may also be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of 
such parties (third-party costs). 
Risks relating to hedging transactions 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders may not be able to make transactions to preclude or limit risks at all times during 
the term of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Their ability to do so will depend on, among other things, market 
conditions. In some cases investors may make such transactions only at a market price that is disadvantageous 
to them, so that a significant loss will occur. 
Transactions to reduce risks 
Any person intending to use the Mortgage Covered Bonds as a hedging instrument should recognise the 
correlation risk. The correlation risk in this case is the risk that the estimated and the actual correlation of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may differ. This means that the hedging position estimated to move in the opposite 
direction as a security may prove to be correlated with the security, and that this may lead to failure of the 
envisaged hedging transaction. The Mortgage Covered Bonds may not be a perfect hedge to an underlying or 
portfolio of which the underlying forms a part.  
Risks relating to the expansion of the spread between bid and offer prices 
In special market situations, the Issuer may be unable to conclude hedging transactions, or when such transactions 
are very difficult to conclude, the spread between the bid and offer prices which will be quoted by the Issuer may 
be temporarily expanded, in order to limit the economic risk of the Issuer. As a consequence, Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders who sell their Mortgage Covered Bonds on an exchange or directly among market participants via 
so-called over-the-counter dealings (off-exchange) can only sell them at a price that is substantially lower than 
the actual value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds at the time of the sale and will therefore suffer a loss.  
Reinvestment risk 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders may be exposed to risks connected to the reinvestment of cash resources freed 
from any Mortgage Covered Bonds. The return, the Mortgage Covered Bondholder will receive from a Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, depends not only on the price and the nominal interest rate of the Mortgage Covered Bonds but 
also on whether or not the interest received during the term of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, if any, can be 
reinvested at the same or a higher interest rate than the rate provided for in the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The 
risk that the general market interest rate falls below the interest rate of the Mortgage Covered Bonds during its 
term is generally called reinvestment risk. The extent of the reinvestment risk depends on the individual features 
of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Risks arising from financing the purchase of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
If a potential investor decides to finance the purchase of the Mortgage Covered Bonds with funds borrowed from 
a third party, the investor should make sure in advance that he can still pay the interest and principal payments 
on the loan also in the event of a loss. The investor should not rely on gains or profits from the investment in the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in order to repay interest and principal of the loans when due and payable. In that case, 
the expected return must be set higher since the costs relating to the purchase of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
and those relating to the loan (interest, redemption, handling fee) have to be taken into account. 
The Issuer and the International Cover Pool may be exposed to substantial foreign exchange and currency 
mismatches and risks related to any issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme denominated 
in foreign currencies (including in EUR or USD), which may be effectively hedged against for the sole benefit 
of the International Cover Pool and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders under the currently effective Czech

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
 
law applicable to the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds only after fulfilling certain requirements in respect of 
the hedging 
On top of the Issuer and its subsidiaries setting limits and performing certain other measures aimed at reducing 
foreign exchange rate risk, including but not limited to entering into foreign exchange derivative contracts, the 
Issuer may in respect of individual issuances of Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme, enter into 
hedging arrangements in the form of cross-currency swap transactions or similar swap or derivative transactions 
(a Hedging Arrangement or the Hedging Arrangements) in order to hedge its foreign exchange or other 
exposures and liabilities (or their part) under the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and 
eliminate any inherent currency or other mismatches. The Czech Bonds Act allow for a claim or receivable 
arising under a Hedging Arrangement to be included in the Cover Pool or a creditor of a claim or receivable 
arising under a Hedging Arrangement (the Hedging Counterparty) to have any direct or indirect claim or 
receivable or priority right to the Cover Pool provided that (i) the purpose of the Hedging Arrangement is to 
hedge against the risks related to Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool or the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, (ii) from the terms under which the Hedging Arrangement was concluded, it is clear that it is concluded 
in relation to the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, (iii) the terms of the Hedging Arrangement provide that 
insolvency of an Issuer or a crisis resolution or similar measure in respect of an Issuer cannot constitute an event 
of default or a termination or similar event which could lead to early termination of the Hedging Arrangement, 
and (iv) the Issuer’s counterparty to the Hedging Arrangement has granted its prior consent to registration of the 
Hedging Arrangement in the Cover Assets Register (whilst the same applies also to removal of the Hedging 
Arrangement from the Cover Assets Records). 
If the requirements set out in the previous paragraph are not met, the Issuer may enter into the Hedging 
Arrangements only by virtue of on-the-market swap or derivative transactions that would constitute ordinary and 
unsegregated on-balance-sheet claims or obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis the Hedging Counterparty without 
any specific direct or indirect link to the International Cover Pool whatsoever. As a result, any foreign exchange 
or currency risks that the Issuer and the International Cover Pool are exposed to in connection with any issuance 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme denominated in foreign currencies (including in EUR or 
USD) may not be effectively hedged against for the sole benefit of the International Cover Pool and the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders. 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as regards 
the transfer, payment and communication 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such 
Global Notes may be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Global Notes are New Global Notes, a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Mortgage Covered Bonds. While the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Mortgage Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge the 
payment obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds by making payments to the common depositary, or for 
Mortgage Covered Bonds that are New Global Notes, the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must 
rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability 
for the records relating to the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Note. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the 
event of a default under the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The market values of Mortgage Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (except for the status provisions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which are governed by Czech law) are based on German law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial or administrative decision or 
changes to German and/or Czech law after the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF shall be 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditor's report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 of the Issuer including the information set out at the following pages9 of the annual 
report for 2022: 
Auditor's Report ................................................................... 
Pages 57 to 63 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ............ 
Page 65 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ..................... 
Pages 66 to 67 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ..................... 
Page 68 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ..................................... 
Page 69 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ........................ 
Pages 70 to 195 
Available at:  
https://www.rb.cz/attachments/vyrocni-
zpravy/Raiffeisenbank_a_s_Annual_Financial_Report_2022_EN.pdf 
(b) 
the auditor's report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023 of the Issuer including the information set out at the following pages10 of the annual 
report for 2023: 
Auditor's Report ................................................................... 
Pages 58 – 64 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ............ 
Page 66 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ..................... 
Pages 67 to 68 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ..................... 
Page 69 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ..................................... 
Page 70 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ........................ 
Pages 71 to 192 
Available at:  
https://www.rb.cz/attachments/vyrocni-
zpravy/Raiffeisenbank_a_s_Annual_Financial_Report_2023_EN.pdf 
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds contained in the previous base prospectuses 
relating to the Programme: 
(i) 
base prospectus dated 15 December 2020 (pages 51 to 251) (available at: 
https://www.rb.cz/attachments/pi/rbi/rbcz-mortgage-covered-bonds-2020-base-
prospectus.pdf). 
(d) 
the supplements to the previous base prospectuses relating to the Programme (incorporated in their 
entirety): 
(i) 
first supplement dated 21 May 2021 to the base prospectus dated 15 December 2020 
(available 
at: 
https://www.rb.cz/attachments/pi/rbi/RBCZ_MCB%20Base%20Prospectus%20Firs
t%20Supplement.pdf)  
Any parts which are not explicitly listed in the above cross-reference lists are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. All documents incorporated by reference 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
 
9 Please note that not all pages of the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 of the 
Issuer are paginated and as such the relevant pages refer to the pages of the relevant PDF file thereof. 
10 Please note that not all pages of the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 of 
the Issuer are paginated and as such the relevant pages refer to the pages of the relevant PDF file thereof.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in Luxembourg.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds. Any such supplement to this Base Prospectus will be approved 
by the CSSF.

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS 
Holding of Mortgage Covered Bonds in a manner which would allow ECB eligibility 
If the recognition of the Mortgage Covered Bonds as eligible collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem is intended, the following applies: 
(a) 
If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in the form of a 'Classical Global Note', the 'Classical Global 
Note' is intended to be deposited directly with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt which does not 
necessarily mean that the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility); or 
(b) 
If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in the form of a 'New Global Note', the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the international central securities depositaries 
(ICSDs) as common safekeeper which does not necessarily mean that the Mortgage Covered Bonds will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility).

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS AND RELATED 
INFORMATION 
This section "Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and Related Information" comprises the 
following parts: 
I. 
General Information; 
II. 
Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (German language version); 
III. 
Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (English language version); and 
IV. 
Form of Final Terms.

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
 
I. 
General Information 
Issue Procedures 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The terms and conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (Terms and Conditions) are set forth in the following 
3 options (each an Option and, together, the Options): 
Option I applies to Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Step-up/Step-down Mortgage Covered 
Bonds). 
Option II applies to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds). 
Option III applies to Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Type A and Type B 
Each set of Terms and Conditions contains, for the relevant Option, in certain places placeholders or potentially 
a variety of possible further variables for a provision. These are marked with square brackets and corresponding 
comments. 
The Terms and Conditions apply to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds and as documented by the relevant 
Final Terms either in the form of "Type A" or in the form of "Type B": 
Type A 
If Type A applies to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (Conditions) will be determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will (i) determine which of the Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions shall apply to 
the relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds by inserting such Option in the Final Terms Part I and will (ii) 
specify and complete such Option so inserted, respectively. 
Where Type A applies, the Conditions only will be attached to the respective Global Note. 
Type B 
If Type B applies to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (Conditions) will be determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will (i) determine which of the Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions shall apply to 
the relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds and will (ii) specify and complete the variables that shall be 
applicable to such Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds by completing the relevant tables pertaining to the chosen 
Option contained in PART I of the Final Terms. 
Where Type B applies, both (i) the completed tables pertaining to the relevant Option in PART I of the Final 
Terms, and (ii) the relevant Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions will be attached to the respective 
Global Note. In such case, Mortgage Covered Bondholders have to use the information set out in Part I of the 
relevant Final Terms and read it together with the relevant Terms and Conditions by filling in relevant 
information into the placeholders and options of the relevant Terms and Conditions and by reading information 
provided in Part I of the Relevant Final Terms into the placeholders and options of the relevant Terms and 
Conditions. 
Language

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
 
The Final Terms relating to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds will determine whether the German or the 
English language version of the Terms and Conditions shall be controlling and binding. A translation into the 
English or German language version respectively will be provided for convenience only but will not be part of 
the Final Terms relating to such Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Final Terms relating to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds may also determine that the Terms 
and Conditions are written in the German or in the English language only. 
The Final Terms will be published in English language only whereas German translation of the Final 
Terms as set out in Appendix I to this Base Prospectus may be prepared for reference.

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
 
II. 
Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (German language version) 
Option I: Emissionsbedingungen für Festverzinsliche Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
§ 1 
(Serie, Form der Hypothekenpfandbriefe, Ausgabe weiterer Hypothekenpfandbriefe) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (Serie) von Hypothekenpfandbriefen (hypoteční zástavní listy; im Weiteren nur 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe) der Raiffeisenbank a.s. (Emittentin) wird am [Ausgabetag einfügen] 
(Ausgabetag) 
in 
Form 
von 
Inhaberhypothekenpfandbriefen 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
dieser 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen (Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen) in [Festgelegte Währung 
einfügen] (Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] 
(Gesamtnennbetrag) in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (Festgelegte 
Stückelung) begeben. 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wird, einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind anfänglich in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde (Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag (Austauschtag) nach dem Ausgabetag nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen, wonach der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe keine U.S.-Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder Personen, die Hypothekenpfandbriefe über solche Finanzinstitute halten) 
(Bescheinigungen 
über 
Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum), 
gegen 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(Dauerglobalurkunde und, zusammen mit der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, Globalurkunden und 
einzeln jeweils eine Globalurkunde) ausgetauscht. [Falls Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear als 
Clearingsystem bestimmt sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Details eines solchen Austausches werden in den 
Büchern der ICSDs (wie nachfolgend definiert) geführt.]  
Die Inhaber der Hypothekenpfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch 
auf Ausgabe von Hypothekenpfandbriefen in effektiver Form. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind als 
Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems 
übertragbar. Die Zinsansprüche sind durch die Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft. 
U.S.-Personen sind solche, wie sie in Regulation S des United States Securities Act of 1933 definiert 
sind und umfassen insbesondere Gebietsansässige der Vereinigten Staaten sowie amerikanische Kapital- 
und Personengesellschaften.] 
Jede Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten 
Vertretern der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der 
Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert).] 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag, einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft 
(Dauerglobalurkunde oder Globalurkunde), die die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften 
von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert) trägt. Die Inhaber der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe von 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen in effektiver Form. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind als Miteigentumsanteile 
an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems übertragbar. Die 
Zinsansprüche sind durch die Globalurkunde verbrieft.] 
(3) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt. Clearingsystem 
sind Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg (Clearstream, Luxemburg) und Euroclear Bank SA/NV

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
 
(Euroclear)][(Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear sind jeweils ein ICSD (International Central 
Securities Depository) und gemeinsam die ICSDs)]. 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde keine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden in Classical Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde eine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden in New Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (Common Safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. Der Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe entspricht dem jeweils in den Büchern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Hypothekenpfandbriefen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem 
ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
ist zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in die Bücher der ICSDs 
eingetragen und nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen 
und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Hypothekenpfandbriefe abgezogen. [Falls die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe aufgrund eines optionalen Kündigungsrechts teilweise zurückgezahlt werden 
können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der ICSDs im Fall der optionalen Rückzahlung (wie in 
§ 3 definiert) hinsichtlich einer teilweisen Rückzahlung wird der ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) entweder als Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem 
Ermessen der ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
Die Emittentin darf ohne Zustimmung der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger weitere 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe mit gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen zusammengefasst werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Hypothekenpfandbriefe erhöhen. Der Begriff "Hypothekenpfandbriefe" umfasst 
im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung auch solche zusätzlich begebenen Hypothekenpfandbriefe. 
§ 2 
(Verzinsung) 
(1) 
Die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie 
nachstehend in § 3 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) [im Falle, dass eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung anwendbar 
ist und der Zinssatz während der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nicht angepasst werden soll, einfügen: oder, im 
Falle einer Fälligkeitsverschiebung, bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 3 (1) 
definiert) (ausschließlich) zum Zinssatz pro Jahr] [im Falle, dass eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung anwendbar 
ist und der Zinssatz während der Fälligkeitsverschiebung auf einen variablen Zinssatz umgestellt werden 
soll, einfügen: zum Zinssatz pro Jahr und, in dem Zeitraum vom Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 3(1) 
definiert) (einschließlich) bis zum Verlängerten Fällikgeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 3 (1) definiert) 
(ausschließlich) in Übereinstimmung mit nachstehendem § 3 (8) verzinst. Der jeweilige Zinsbetrag wird, 
vorbehaltlich einer Verschiebung gemäß der Geschäftstagskonvention [Wenn eine Anpassung (wie in § 4 
bestimmt) erfolgt einfügen: oder einer Anpassung], gemäß § 4  nachträglich an jedem Zinszahltag gemäß 
den Bestimmungen des § 4 (1) zur Zahlung fällig. Die erste Zinszahlung wird, vorbehaltlich einer 
Anpassung gemäß § 4 , am [ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] erfolgen. [Im Falle eines kurzen/langen ersten

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
 
Kupons, einfügen: und beläuft sich auf [[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung, 
einfügen] je festgelegte Stückelung]] [[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag bezogen auf den 
Gesamtnennbetrag, einfügen] bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag]. [Im Falle eines kurzen/langen letzten 
Kupons, einfügen: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [Zinszahltag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgeht, 
einfügen] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) 
[im 
Fall, 
dass 
eine 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung anwendbar ist und der Zinssatz während der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nicht 
angepasst werden soll, einfügen: oder, im Fall einer Fälligkeitsverschiebung, bis zum Verlängerten 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich)] belaufen sich auf [abschließenden Bruchteilszinsbetrag je festgelegter 
Stückelung, einfügen] je festgelegte Stückelung]. [[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag bezogen auf den 
Gesamtnennbetrag, einfügen] bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag]. 
Zinsperiode ist jeder Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich) und von jedem Zinszahltag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils folgenden Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich). 
(2) 
Zinssatz meint 
[Im Fall von Hypothekenpfandbriefen, die keine Stufenzins-Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind, einfügen: 
 
[jährlichen Festzinssatz einfügen]. 
Zinszahltag meint den [Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] sowie den Fälligkeitstag 
[im Falle einer Fälligkeitsverschiebung einfügen: oder, im Fall einer Fälligkeitsverschiebung, 
den Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag].] 
[Im Fall von Stufenzins Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen:  
 
im Hinblick auf einen Zinszahltag den Prozentsatz, der in der Spalte "Zinssatz" der 
nachstehenden Tabelle für den jeweiligen Zinszahltag vorgesehenen ist. 
Zinszahltag(e) meint jeden Tag, der in der nachstehenden Tabelle in der Spalte "Zinszahltag" 
aufgeführt ist: 
Zinszahltag 
Zinssatz 
[erster Zinszahltag]  
[Zinssatz] 
[Für 
jeden 
weiteren 
Zinszahltag, 
einfügen:  
[Zinszahltag einfügen] 
 
[Zinssatz]] 
Fälligkeitstag[ oder Verlängerter Fälligkeitstag 
(falls anwendbar)] 
[Zinssatz]] 
(3) 
Die Berechnung des Zinsbetrags (Zinsbetrag) erfolgt, indem das Produkt aus Zinssatz und 
Zinstagequotient mit [der Festgelegten Stückelung] [dem Gesamtnennbetrag] multipliziert wird.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall eines auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe anzuwendenden Verlängerten Fälligkeitstags einfügen: 
(4) 
Zinstagequotient ist bei der Berechnung des auf einen Pfandbrief entfallenden Zinsbetrags für jeglichen 
Zeitraum (Berechnungszeitraum) 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA)einfügen: 
 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der gleich oder kürzer ist als die Zinsperiode, in die der 
Berechnungszeitraum fällt, einfügen:  
die Anzahl der Tage in dem Berechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage 
in der Zinsperiode, in die der Berechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die 
normalerweise in einem Jahr enden.] 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der länger ist als eine Zinsperiode einfügen: 
  
die Summe: 
(a)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die Zinsperiode fallen, in welcher der 
Berechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr; und 
(b)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die darauffolgende Zinsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinsperioden in einem Jahr.] 
[Im Fall eines kurzen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] als 
ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden.]  
[Im Fall eines langen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] 
jeweils als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden].] 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil dieses 
Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das 
Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl 
der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365)., berechnet wie 
folgt: 
Zinstagequotient = (DNLY/365) + (DLY/366) 
Wobei:

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
 
DNLY die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen innerhalb dieses Berechnungszeitraums ist, die in ein Nicht-
Schaltjahr fällt; und 
DLY die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen innerhalb dieses Berechnungszeitraums ist, die in ein Schaltjahr 
fällt.] 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird (es sei 
denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der 31. Tag eines Monats und der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist weder der 30. noch der 31. Tag eines Monats, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag 
enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist der letzte Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht 
als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[Im Fall von 30/360 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2021 einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im jeweiligen Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 
31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist größer als 29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 
ist.]

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 (deutsche Zinsmethode) einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages des Berechnungszeitraums (es sei denn, der 
letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums, der am Fälligkeitstag [im Fall, dass eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
anwendbar ist und der Zinssatz während der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nicht angepasst werden soll, 
einfügen: oder der Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag, falls anwendbar,] endet, ist der letzte Tag im Monat Februar, 
in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist.] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2021 einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im jeweiligen Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 
31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.]] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 (ISDA) (nur, wenn ISDA 2000 Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen (deutsche 
Zinsmethode)) einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt;

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag 
ist der letzte Tag des Februars, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, jedoch nicht der Fälligkeitstag 
[im Fall, dass eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung anwendbar ist und der Zinssatz während der 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung nicht angepasst werden soll, einfügen: oder der Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag, falls 
anwendbar], oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist,  
jedoch in jedem solchen Fall unter dem Vorbehalt, dass die Anzahl der Tage des Berechnungszeitraumes 
vom 
ersten 
Tag 
des 
Berechnungszeitraumes 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
letzten 
Tag 
des 
Berechnungszeitraumes (ausschließlich) berechnet wird.] 
§ 3 
(Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag [, Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen, Rückzahlung aufgrund einer 
Gesetzwidrigkeit oder Ungültigkeit, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option), 
Verlängerter Fälligkeitstag)] 
(1)  
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (Fälligkeitstag) [falls eine 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung anwendbar ist: oder im Falle einer Fälligkeitsverschiebung am [ [Verlängerten 
Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag) in Höhe [der Festgelegten Stückelung] [des 
Gesamtnennbetrages] [anderer Betrag]11 (der Rückzahlungsbetrag) zur Rückzahlung fällig. . 
[Im Falle, dass eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
 
(2)  
Falls: 
(a) 
die Emittentin oder ein unfreiwilliger Blockadministrator (auf Tschechisch: nucený správce 
krytých bloků) es versäumen, nicht nach ihrem Ermessen, alle diese Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
vollständig zum Fälligkeitstag oder innerhalb von zwei Bankarbeitstagen nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
zurückzuzahlen, oder 
(b) 
ein in § 32a(1)(a) bis 32a(1)(d) (einschließlich) des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
aufgeführter Umstand in Bezug auf die Emittentin eintritt, oder 
(c) 
eine Krisenabwicklungsmaßnahme (opatření k řešení krize) in Bezug auf die Emittentin auferlegt 
wurde oder eine Herabschreibung oder Umwandlung von zulässigen Kapitalinstrumenten und 
zulässigen 
konzerninternen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
(odpis 
nebo 
konverze 
odepisovatelných 
kapitálových nástrojů a vnitroskupinových závazků) gegen die Emittentin im Einklang mit dem 
anwendbaren Recht für die Sanierung und Abwicklung auf den Finanzmärkten, oder 
(d) 
ein in Artikel 54 Absatz 1 Buchstabe a) Ziffer i) oder Artikel 54 Absatz 1 Buchstabe a) Ziffer ii) 
der CRR genannter Umstand in Bezug auf die Emittentin eintritt; oder 
(e) 
die Emittentin die in § 28aa des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes festgelegten 
Anforderungen an den Liquiditätsdeckungspuffer nicht erfüllt oder sie durch die vollständige 
Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe am Fälligkeitstag nicht die Liquiditätsanforderungen 
gemäß dem unmittelbar anwendbaren EU-Rechts erfüllen würde, 
 
11 Entspricht mindestens der Höhe des Gesamtnennbetrags.

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
 
wird die Fälligkeit der Hypothekenpfandbriefe und das Datum, zu dem diese Hypothekenpfandbriefe für 
die Zwecke dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen zur Rückzahlung anstehen, automatisch bis zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) verlängert (eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung). In einem solchen 
Fall ist die Emittentin berechtigt, den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu einem 
Zinszahltag zurückzuzahlen, der in einen beliebigen Monat nach dem Fälligkeitstag fällt, und zwar bis 
zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich). 
(3) 
Die Emittentin hat den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern (im Einklang mit § 11) und der Hauptzahlstelle 
mindestens fünf Bankarbeitstage vor dem Fälligkeitstag oder dem jeweiligen Zinszahltag mitzuteilen, ob 
sie beabsichtigt, den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der Hypothekenpfandbriefe ganz oder teilweise 
vollständig zurückzuzahlen. Unterlässt es die Emittentin, die jeweilige Person zu verständigen, so hat dies 
keine Auswirkungen auf die Gültigkeit und Wirksamkeit der etwaigen Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag. Die Hauptzahlstelle wird das Clearingsystem 
von der Mitteilung seitens der Emittentin (falls zutreffend) unverzüglich nach Erhalt (und jedenfalls 
innerhalb von mindestens drei Bankarbeitstagen vor dem Fälligkeitstag der Hypothekenpfandbriefe) 
verständigen. Zur Klarstellung: Falls die Hauptzahlstelle keine Mitteilung von der Emittentin gemäß 
diesem § 3 (3) erhalten hat, soll sich die Hauptzahlstelle darum bemühen, das Clearingsystem von dem 
Umstand zu informieren, dass die betreffenden Hypothekenpfandbriefe nicht zum Fälligkeitstag bzw. dem 
jeweiligen Zinszahltag zurückgezahlt werden.  
(4) 
Eine einmal erfolgte Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Hypothekenpfandbriefe gemäß § 3 (2) ist 
unwiderruflich. Soweit § 3 (2) anwendbar ist, stellt ein Versäumnis der Rückzahlung der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe am Fälligkeitstag (es sei denn, die Emittentin hat im Einklang mit § 3 (3) die 
Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe angezeigt) oder eine Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag gemäß § 3 (2) keinen Kündigungsgrund für 
irgendwelchen Zweck dar, und gibt keinem Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger das Recht, eine Zinszahlung, 
Kapital oder andere Zahlungen auf die betreffenden Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu erhalten, es sei denn, 
solche Zahlungen sind ausdrücklich in diesen Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen vorgesehen.  
(5) 
Wenn die Emittentin einen Teil und nicht den gesamten Betrag des ausstehenden Nennbetrags der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe an einem Zinszahltag, der in einen beliebigen Monat nach dem Fälligkeitstag fällt, 
zurückzahlt, werden die Rückzahlungserlöse anteilig über die Hypothekenpfandbriefe verteilt und der auf 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefe ausstehende Nennbetrag wird um die Höhe dieser Rückzahlung reduziert.  
(6) 
Solange einer dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefe noch in Umlauf ist, wird die Emittentin keine weiteren 
Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe begeben, es sei denn, die Erlöse aus der Emission solcher weiteren 
Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden von der Emittentin bei der Begebung dazu verwendet, die 
betreffenden Hypothekenpfandbriefe im Einklang mit diesen Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen 
vollständig oder teilweise zu tilgen.  
(7) 
§§ 3 (2) bis (6) finden nur Anwendung, falls die Hypothekenpfandbriefe automatisch im Einklang mit 
§ 3 (2) bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag verlängert werden.] 
[Im Falle, dass der Zinssatz während der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nicht angepasst werden soll, einfügen: 
 
(8) 
Die verschobenen Zahlungen sind für die Dauer der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nach den bis zur 
Verschiebung geltenden Bedingungen zu verzinsen.] 
[Im Fall, dass der Zinssatz während der Fälligkeitsverschiebung auf einen variablen Zinssatz umgestellt 
werden soll, einfügen: 
 
(8) 
Die verschobenen Zahlungen sind für die Dauer der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nach den folgenden 
Regelungen zu verzinsen. 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen, einfügen:

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
 
Zinszahltag bezeichnet jeden Tag, der (es sei denn in den Anleihebedingungen ist etwas anderes 
festgelegt) [Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vorherigen Zinszahltag oder im Fall eines ersten 
Zinszahlungstags nach dem Fälligkeitstag, nach dem Fälligkeitstag und dem Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag 
liegt. 
Zinszeitraum bezeichnet jeden Zeitraum vom Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinszahltag (ausschließlich) und von jedem Zinszahltag (einschließlich) bis zum nachfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich).] 
[Im Fall von Bildschirmfeststellung, einfügen: 
 
Der Zinssatz für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders angegeben, der Referenzsatz [Im 
Fall eines Faktors einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor],] [Im Fall einer Marge einfügen:, [zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] der Marge].  
[Im Fall einer Marge einfügen: Marge ist [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
Referenzsatz bezeichnet  
[Im Fall von Hypothekenpfandbriefen außer Constant Maturity Swap (CMS) variabel verzinslichen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
[Im Fall von Hypothekenpfandbriefen, bei denen der Referenzsatz nicht SONIA®, SOFR® oder €STR® ist, 
einfügen: der [[Zahl einfügen]-Monats [Euribor] [[Zahl einfügen]-Monats [Pribor] Angebotssatz 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr) für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende 
Zinsperiode, der auf der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit am entsprechenden 
Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird]] [Im Fall von SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen: der Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA®) für den jeweiligen Londoner Bankgeschäftstag, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite um 9.00 Uhr (Londoner Zeit) am relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, wobei ein 
Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily SONIA® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden Renditesatz 
einer Anlage (mit dem täglichen SONIA® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
[∏
(1 +
 SONIA®
𝐢−pLBD X ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] X
365
𝑑 
 
d 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Londoner Bankgeschäftstage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen Londoner Bankgeschäftstag 
vom, und einschließlich des, ersten Londoner Bankgeschäftstages 
der jeweiligen Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
p 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]; 
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem 
Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstag (ausschließlich);

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
 
SONIA®i-pLBD 
bezeichnet für jeden Londoner Bankgeschäftstag in dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum den SONIA® Referenzsatz an dem 
Londoner Bankgeschäftstag, der "p" Londoner Bankgeschäftstage 
vor dem jeweiligen Londoner Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher 
fünf Londoner Bankgeschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der 
fünf Londoner Bankgeschäftstage vor einem solchen früheren Tag 
liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die Hypothekenpfandbriefe fällig 
und zahlbar werden).] 
[Im Fall von SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die US-Dollar Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR®) für den jeweiligen US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag, die ab 17.00 Uhr (New 
Yorker Zeit) am relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag auf der Bildschirmseite erscheint, wobei ein 
Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode nach der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily SOFR® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden 
Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der täglichen SOFR® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) 
und wird von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden 
Formel berechnet: 
[∏
(1 +
 SOFR®
𝐢−pLBD X ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] X
365
𝑑 
d 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage 
in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer 
Folge 
jeweils 
einen 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, ersten US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstages der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
wiedergeben; 
p 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]; 
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem 
Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag (ausschließlich); 
SOFR®i-pUSBD  
bezeichnet für jeden US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag in dem 
jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum den SOFR® Referenzsatz an 
dem US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag, der "p" US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor dem jeweiligen US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher 
fünf US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher fünf US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor dem 
Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, 
der fünf US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor einem solchen 
früheren 
Tag 
liegt 
(falls 
vorhanden), 
an 
dem 
die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
[Im Fall €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die Euro short-term rate (€STR®) für den 
jeweiligen TARGET-Bankgeschäftstag entspricht, die ab 9.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Zeit) am

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
 
relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante 
Zinsperiode nach der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily €STR® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden 
Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der täglichen €STR® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) 
und wird von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden 
Formel berechnet: 
[∏
(1 +
 €STR®
𝐢−pTBD X ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] X
365
𝑑 
d 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der TARGET-Bankgeschäftstage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen TARGET-Bankgeschäftstag 
vom, und einschließlich des, ersten TARGET-Bankgeschäftstages 
der jeweiligen Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
p 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen].  
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem 
Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden TARGET-
Bankgeschäftstag (ausschließlich); 
€STR®i-pTBD  
bezeichnet für jeden TARGET-Bankgeschäftstag in dem 
jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum den €STR® Referenzsatz an 
dem 
TARGET-Bankgeschäftstag, 
der 
"p" 
TARGET-
Bankgeschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
jeweiligen 
TARGET-
Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher 
fünf TARGET-Bankgeschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
TARGET-Bankgeschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, 
der fünf TARGET-Bankgeschäftstage vor einem solchen früheren 
Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
fällig und zahlbar werden).  
[Falls erforderlich wird der ermittelte Prozentsatz auf- oder abgerundet auf die fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird.] 
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation angewandt werden 
soll, einfügen: 
 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem ersten Zinszahltag endet, für 
die der Referenzsatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Pribor-]Angebotssatzes und 
des 
[Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] 
[Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Pribor-
]Angebotssatzes (jeweils ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen 
in der Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf der 
Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit am 
entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)]

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall eines letzten kurzen/langen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation angewandt werden 
soll, einfügen: 
 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem Fälligkeitstag bzw. dem 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag endet, für die der Referenzsatz gebildet wird anhand der 
linearen Interpolation des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] [Zahl einfügen]-
Monats-[Pribor-] Angebotssatzes] und des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] [Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Pribor-] Angebotssatzes] (jeweils ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro 
Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende 
Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor 
als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Prager] Zeit am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)] 
[Im Fall des Euribor oder Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder 
kein Angebotssatz angezeigt werden, so ist der Referenzsatz der auf der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigte Angebotssatz, wie oben beschrieben, am letzten Tag vor 
dem Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde.] 
[Im Fall des SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der 
genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz angezeigt, ist SONIA®: (i) der Zinssatz der Bank 
of England (der Einlagenzinssatz), der bei Geschäftsschluss am jeweiligen 
Londoner Bankgeschäftstag gilt; plus (ii) der Mittelwert der Zinsspannen von 
SONIA® zum Einlagenzinssatz der letzten fünf Tage, an denen SONIA® 
veröffentlicht wurde, mit Ausnahme der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es 
mehr als eine höchste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser höchsten Zinsspannen) und 
der niedrigsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als eine niedrigste Zinsspanne 
gibt, nur eine dieser niedrigsten Zinsspannen) zum Einlagenzinssatz. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich die [Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den 
Fall, dass die Bank of England Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von SONIA® oder (ii) 
zu einem Satz, der SONIA® ersetzen soll, veröffentlicht, in einem Umfang, der 
vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, solchen Leitlinien zur Bestimmung von SONIA® 
für die Zwecke der Hypothekenpfandbriefe anschließen, so lange wie SONIA® nicht 
verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht worden ist. 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des 
letzten vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefe für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste 
Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
[Im Fall des SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der 
genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz angezeigt, und (1) sofern nicht sowohl ein SOFR®

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
 
Index Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, 
gilt der SOFR® des letzten US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstags, an dem der SOFR® 
auf der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht wurde; oder (2) wenn ein SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignis und ein SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der 
Zinssatz (einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen oder Anpassungen), der als Ersatz für 
den SOFR® vom Federal Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York oder einem Ausschuss festgelegt wurde, der vom Federal Reserve Board 
und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen 
wurde, um einen Ersatz für den Secured Overnight Financing Rate (der von einer 
Federal Reserve Bank oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde festgelegt werden 
kann) vorzugeben, vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb eines US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstags nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis 
empfohlen wurde, der Zinssatz für jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an oder nach dem 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (i) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® 
Bezugnahmen auf OBFR wären, (ii) Bezugnahmen auf US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstage Bezugnahmen auf New York Bankgeschäftstage wären, (iii) 
Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignisse Bezugnahmen auf OBFR 
Index Einstellungsereignisse wären und (iv) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsstichtage Bezugnahmen auf OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtage wären 
und weiterhin vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb eines US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstags nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis 
empfohlen wurde und ein OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis vorliegt, der Zinssatz für 
jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an oder nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag 
bestimmt wird als ob (x) Bezugnahmen auf den SOFR® Bezugnahmen auf die FOMC 
Target Rate wären, (y) Verweise auf US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage Verweise 
auf New York Bankgeschäftstage wären und (z) Verweise auf die Bildschirmseite 
Verweise auf die Website der Federal Reserve wären. 
Wobei insofern gilt:  
FOMC Target Rate bezeichnet den kurzfristigen Zinssatz festgesetzt durch das 
Federal Open Market Committee auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York oder, wenn das Federal Open Market Committee keinen einzelnen 
Referenzzinssatz avisiert, das Mittel des kurzfristigen Zinssatzes festgesetzt durch 
das Federal Open Market Committee auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (berechnet als arithmetisches Mittel zwischen der oberen Grenze der Ziel-
Bandbreite und der unteren Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite). 
U.S. Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag bezeichnet jeden Tag, ausgenommen 
Samstag, Sonntag oder einen Tag, für den die Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets 
Association 
die 
ganztägliche 
Schließung 
der 
Abteilungen 
für 
festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit US-
Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
OBFR bezeichnet in Bezug auf jeden Zinsfeststellungstag die tägliche Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate hinsichtlich des jenem Zinsfeststellungstag vorangehenden New 
Yorker Bankgeschäftstags, wie von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York als 
Administrator (oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator) eines solchen Referenzzinssatzes 
auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York gegen 17:00 Uhr (New 
Yorker Zeit) an einem solchen Zinsfeststellungstag zur Verfügung gestellt wird. 
OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag bezeichnet in Bezug auf das OBFR Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, an dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der Overnight Bank Funding Rate) die 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder der Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
die Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden kann.  
OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der 
folgenden Ereignisse:

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder 
eines Nachfolgeadministrators der OBFR), die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) 
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass 
die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator 
der OBFR) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr 
bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US-Regulierungsbehörde oder eine 
andere öffentliche Stelle der USA, welche die Anwendung der OBFR, die 
auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, ohne auf 
diese begrenzt zu sein, verbietet. 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag meint in Bezug auf das SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) die Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden kann. 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der 
folgenden Ereignisse: 
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder 
eines Nachfolgeadministrators der Secured Overnight Financing Rate), die 
ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der 
weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) 
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass 
die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator 
der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur 
Verfügung stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US-Regulierungsbehörde oder eine 
andere öffentliche Stelle der USA, welche die Anwendung der Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate, die auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende 
inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, ohne auf diese begrenzt zu sein, verbietet.] 
[Im Fall des €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
€STR®i ist: (i) der Satz, der zuletzt vor dem jeweiligen Zinsfeststellungstag auf der 
[Bildschirmseite einfügen] veröffentlicht wurde. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich [die Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den 
Fall, dass die Europäische Zentralbank Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von €STR® 
oder (ii) zu einem Satz, der €STR®i ersetzen soll, veröffentlicht, in einem Umfang, 
der vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, solchen Leitlinien zur Bestimmung von €STR®i 
anschließen, so lange wie €STR®i für die Zwecke der Hypothekenpfandbriefe nicht 
verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht worden ist.

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von 
[der Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des 
letzten vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefe für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste 
Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
Zinsfeststellungstag bezeichnet den [zweiten] [ersten] [letzten] [andere Zahl von Tagen 
einfügen] [Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: TARGET-] [Falls 
der Referenzssatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: US Staatsanleihen] [anderes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag [vor] [Beginn] [Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: TARGET-
Bankgeschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem T2 zur 
Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet ist.] 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: [Londoner] [Falls der Referenzssatz der 
SOFR® 
ist, 
einfügen: 
US 
Staatsanleihen] 
[anderes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Bankgeschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
Geschäftsbanken in [Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: London] [Falls der 
Referenzssatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: New York] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für 
Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.] 
[Falls T2 anwendbar ist, einfügen: T2 ist das vom Eurosystem betriebene Echtzeit-
Bruttoabwicklungssystem oder jedes Nachfolgesystem.] 
Bildschirmseite ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine diese Seite ersetzende 
Seite). 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor ist, einfügen: Euro-Zone bezeichnet die Staaten und 
Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 974/98 des Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die 
Einführung des Euro, in ihrer jeweils aktuellen Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: 
Wenn (i) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder Information der zuständigen Behörde des 
Administrators des [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] veröffentlicht wurde, wonach der [Euribor] 
[Pribor] [€STR®] nicht mehr repräsentativ oder kein branchenüblicher Satz für Schuldtitel wie 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefe oder vergleichbare Instrumente mehr ist, (ii) eine öffentliche 
Erklärung oder Information veröffentlicht wurde, wonach der Administrator des [Euribor] 
[Pribor] [€STR®] mit der geordneten Abwicklung des [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] beginnt oder 
die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] endgültig oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, sofern es zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung der Erklärung oder 
Information keinen Nacholgeadministrator gibt, der den [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] weiter 
bereitstellen wird, (iii) der Administrator des [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] zahlungsunfähig wird 
oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den 
Administrator betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder 
Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, (iv) die für den Administrator des [Euribor] [Pribor] 
[€STR®] zuständige Behörde die Zulassung gemäß Artikel 35 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 
(die Benchmark-Verordnung) oder die Anerkennung gemäß Artikel 32 Abs. 8 der 
Benchmark-Verordnung entzieht oder aussetzt oder die Einstellung der Übernahme gemäß 
Artikel 33 Abs. 6 der Benchmark-Verordnung verlangt, sofern es zum Zeitpunkt des Entzugs 
oder der Aussetzung oder der Einstellung der Übernahme keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, 
der den [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] weiterhin bereitstellt, und der Administrator mit der 
geordneten Abwicklung des [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] beginnt oder die Bereitstellung des 
[Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] oder bestimmter Laufzeiten, für die der [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] 
berechnet wird, endgültig oder auf unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, oder (v) der [Euribor] [Pribor] 
[€STR®] anderweitig eingestellt ist oder es für die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle aus 
einem anderen Grund rechtswidrig wird, den [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] zu verwenden 
(jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] durch einen von der 
Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte (a) bis (d) (in dieser 
Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden (Nachfolge-Referenzsatz):]

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® oder der SOFR® ist, einfügen: 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den [SONIA®] [SOFR®] nicht mehr 
verwenden darf, (ii) der Administrator des [SONIA®] [SOFR®] die Berechnung und 
Veröffentlichung des [SONIA®] [SOFR®] dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, 
(iii) der Administrator des [SONIA®] [SOFR®]zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, 
Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch 
den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, oder 
(iv) der [SONIA®] [SOFR®] anderweitig eingestellt ist (jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll 
der [SONIA®] [SOFR®] durch einen von der Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch 
Anwendung der Schritte (a) bis (d) (in dieser Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden 
(Nachfolge-Referenzsatz):]  
(I) Der [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch den [Euribor] [Pribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] ersetzt werden, der durch den Administrator des [Euribor] 
[Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Kontroll- oder 
Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge-Referenzsatz für den [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] und für die Dauer des [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] bekannt 
gegeben wird und der in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf; oder 
(wenn ein solcher Nachfolge-Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(II) der [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen alternativen 
Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als 
Referenzsatz für Hypothekenpfandbriefe in der jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer 
Laufzeit verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer 
Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann);  
(III) der [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt 
werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz (x) für 
Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel verzinslich) in der relevanten Währung, oder (y) für 
börsengehandelte Zinsfutures mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird; oder (falls ein 
solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann) 
(IV) der [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt 
werden, der von der Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber 
nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung eines renommierten, unabhängigen Finanzberaters 
oder einer Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlichen Berechnungsarten 
Erfahrung hat, einzuholen und auf diese zu vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter 
Berücksichtigung der Dauer des [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] und der 
jeweiligen Währung in wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen 
Marktzinsniveau zum relevanten Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle in Verbindung mit 
einem 
solchen 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
verwendet 
werden 
soll 
(die 
Nachfolge-
Bildschirmseite). Ab dem Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung des Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes (der 
maßgebliche Zeitpunkt) gilt jede Bezugnahme auf den [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] als Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolge-Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme 
auf die Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Die 
Emittentin informiert anschließend die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gemäß § 11.  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] durch einen 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz kann die Emittentin einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder 
Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des 
Zinsbetrags angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem 
wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der Hypothekenpfandbriefe vor Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses 
vereinbar ist und das sich nicht zum wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
nicht wie oben beschrieben gemäß der Punkte (I) bis (IV) durch die Emittentin ersetzt werden 
kann, kann die Emittentin die Hypothekenpfandbriefe ganz [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden entsprechend der Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag 
zurückgezahlt, zusammen mit etwaigen bis zum Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufenen Zinsen. Die

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
 
Emittentin wird den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gemäß § 11 eine solche Kündigung 
mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe entscheidet, gilt 
als Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag [der für die unmittelbar vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der 
Angebotssatz oder das arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie 
vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem diese 
Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall eines Faktors einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] 
[Im Fall einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die 
relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode 
gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im 
Fall einer Marge, die zuzüglich des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der 
ermittelte Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so dass 
er die Marge verringert.] Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null)][●]. Sofern sich die 
Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe entscheidet, findet derselbe 
Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.] 
[Im Fall von CMS variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefe einfügen: 
 
der [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant Maturity Swap Satz (ausgedrückt 
als Prozentsatz pro Jahr), der auf der Bildschirmseite zur Referenzsatzzeit am jeweiligen 
Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen.  
Bildschirmseite ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine diese Seite ersetzende 
Seite). 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder kein 
[relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant Maturity Swap Satz angezeigt 
werden, so wird die Berechnungsstelle die Referenzbanken bitten, ihre [relevante Anzahl von 
Jahren 
einfügen]-Jahres-CMS-Sätze 
ungefähr 
zur Referenzsatzzeit 
am 
jeweiligen 
Zinsfestlegungstag bereitzustellen. 
Falls [Anzahl einfügen] Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebote zur 
Verfügung stellen, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische 
Mittel 
dieser 
Angebotssätze 
(falls 
erforderlich, 
gerundet 
auf 
den 
nächsten 
einhunderttausendstel Prozentpunkt, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird), wobei das höchste 
(oder, bei mehreren höchsten, eines davon) und das niedrigste (oder, bei mehreren niedrigsten, 
eines davon) Angebot gestrichen werden. 
Referenzsatzzeit ist [Referenzsatzzeit einfügen]. 
Referenzbanken sind fünf führende Swaphändler im Interbanken-Markt, die von der 
Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen bestimmt werden (§ 315 BGB). 
Zinsfeststellungstag ist der [zweite] [erste] [letzte] [andere Anzahl einfügen] [TARGET-] 
[London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag [vor dem] [Beginn][Ende] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Im Fall von TARGET-Bankgeschäftstag einfügen: TARGET-Bankgeschäftstag bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem T2 zur Abwicklung von Zahlungen in 
Euro geöffnet ist.] 
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET Bankgeschäftstagen: [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem Geschäftsbanken in [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich 
Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]. 
[Falls T2 anwendbar ist, einfügen: T2 ist das vom Eurosystem betriebene Echtzeit-
Bruttoabwicklungssystem oder jedes Nachfolgesystem.] 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den Referenzsatz nicht mehr verwenden 
darf, (ii) der Administrator des Referenzsatzes die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
 
Referenzsatzes dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder 
ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die 
Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der Referenzsatz anderweitig 
eingestellt ist (jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der Referenzsatz durch einen von der 
Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte (a) bis (d) (in dieser 
Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden (Nachfolge-Referenzsatz):  
(I) Der Referenzsatz soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der durch den Administrator 
des Referenzsatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als 
Nachfolge- Referenzsatz für den Referenzsatz und für die Dauer des Referenzsatzes bekannt 
gegeben wird und der in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf; oder 
(wenn ein solcher Nachfolge-Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(II) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen alternativen Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der 
üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als 
Referenzsatz für 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe in der jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird 
oder verwendet werden wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt 
werden kann);  
(III) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in 
Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz (x) für Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel 
verzinslich) in der relevanten Währung, oder (y) für börsengehandelte Zinsfutures mit 
vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht 
bestimmt werden kann) 
(IV) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der von der Emittentin (die, für 
die Zwecke einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung 
eines renommierten, unabhängigen Finanzberaters oder einer Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlichen Berechnungsarten Erfahrung hat, einzuholen und auf diese zu 
vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter Berücksichtigung der Dauer des Referenzsatzes und 
der jeweiligen Währung in wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen 
Marktzinsniveau zum relevanten Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle in Verbindung mit 
einem 
solchen 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
verwendet 
werden 
soll 
(die 
Nachfolge-
Bildschirmseite). Ab dem Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung des Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes (der 
maßgebliche Zeitpunkt) gilt jede Bezugnahme auf den Referenzsatz als Bezugnahme auf den 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom 
maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die 
Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Die Emittentin informiert anschließend 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gemäß § 11.  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes durch einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz kann 
die Emittentin einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei 
der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags angewendet werden 
soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe vor Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und das sich nicht 
zum wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der Referenzsatz nicht wie oben beschrieben gemäß 
der Punkte (a) bis (d) durch die Emittentin ersetzt werden kann, kann die Emittentin die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe ganz [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
werden entsprechend der Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen mit 
etwaigen bis zum Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufenen Zinsen. Die Emittentin wird den 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gemäß § 11 eine solche Kündigung mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe entscheidet, gilt 
als Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag [der für die unmittelbar vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der 
Angebotssatz oder das arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie 
vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem diese 
Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall eines Faktors, einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] 
[Im Fall einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
 
relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode 
gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im 
Fall einer Marge, die zuzüglich des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der 
ermittelte Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so dass 
er die Marge verringert.] Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null)][●]. Sofern sich die 
Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe entscheidet, findet derselbe 
Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.] 
[Im Fall von ISDA Determination, einfügen:  
 
 
Der Zinssatz für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders beschrieben der 
maßgebliche ISDA-Satz [Im Fall eines Faktors einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor einfügen]], 
[Im Fall einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
[Die Marge beträgt [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
ISDA-Satz bezeichnet für eine Zinsperiode einen Satz, der dem variablen Zinssatz entspricht, 
der von der [Berechnungsstelle] [Emittentin] im Rahmen einer Zinsswap-Transaktion 
bestimmt werden würde, wenn die [Berechnungsstelle] [Emittentin] für diese Swap-
Transaktion als Berechnungsstelle handeln würde, und zwar gemäß den Bestimmungen einer 
Vereinbarung, die die ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions von 2021 in der zum 
Ausgabetag geltenden, aktualisierten und von der International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. auf deren Website unter www.isda.org (oder einer Nachfolgewebsite) 
veröffentlichten Fassung (die ISDA Definitionen) zum Vertragsbestandteil erklärt, und gemäß 
der:  
(a) 
die Variable Zinssatz-Option entspricht [Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen], 
(b) 
die bezeichnete Laufzeit eine Periode [Periode von/bis einfügen] ist, und  
(c) 
das relevante Reset-Datum [Wenn die anwendbare Variable Zinssatz-Option auf dem 
Euro-Zone Interbanken Angebotssatz (Euribor) für eine Währung basiert: der erste 
Tag dieser Zinsperiode ist] [Wenn die maßgebliche Variable Zinssatz-Option für eine 
Währung nicht auf dem Euribor beruht, einfügen: [maßgebliches Datum einfügen]]. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes (2) haben (i) Variabler Zinssatz (Floating Rate), 
Berechnungsstelle (Calculation Agent), Variable Zinssatz-Option (Floating Rate Option), 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit (Designated Maturity) und Reset-Datum (Reset Date) dieselbe 
Bedeutung, die diesen Begriffen in den ISDA Definitionen beigemessen wird, und (ii) 
bezeichnet Euro-Zone die Staaten und Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 
974/98 des Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die Einführung des Euro, in ihrer jeweils aktuellen 
Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
[Im Fall eines Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatzes einfügen:  
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes, einfügen: 
 
Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen].] 
[Im Fall eines Höchstzinssatzes, einfügen: 
 
Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen ermittelte 
Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen].]]

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, jeder Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, jede Zinsperiode und der entsprechende Zinszahltag der Emittentin, der 
Hauptzahlstelle und jeder Börse, an der die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
zugelassen sind oder gehandelt werden und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an diese Börse 
verlangen, baldmöglichst nach ihrer Feststellung aber keinesfalls später als am [vierten][Anzahl 
Tage einfügen] auf die Berechnung folgenden Bankgeschäftstag mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [Emittentin] der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahltag nachträglich 
angepasst (oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche 
Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an denen die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt zugelassen sind oder gehandelt werden, sowie den Hypothekenpfandbriefen gemäß § 11 
mitgeteilt. 
Zinstagequotient ist  
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA), einfügen: 
 
bei der Berechnung des auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief entfallenden Zinsbetrags für 
jeglichen Zeitraum (der "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der gleich oder kürzer ist als die Zinsperiode, in die der 
Berechnungszeitraum fällt, einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage in dem Berechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) 
der Anzahl der Tage in der Zinsperiode, in die der Berechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) 
der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die normalerweise in einem Jahr enden.] 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der länger ist als eine Zinsperiode, einfügen: 
 
die Summe: 
(a)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die Zinsperiode 
fallen, in welcher der Berechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr; und 
(b)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die 
darauffolgende Zinsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden 
in einem Jahr. 
[Im Fall eines kurzen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes, einfügen: 
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven 
Zinszahltag einfügen] als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden.]  
[Im Fall eines langen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes, einfügen: 
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven 
Zinszahltag einfügen] jeweils als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden].]

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA), einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls 
ein Teil dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der 
tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert 
durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des 
Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365), berechnet wie folgt: 
Zinstagequotient = (DNLY/365) + (DLY/366) 
Wobei: 
DNLY die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen innerhalb dieses Berechnungszeitraums ist, die in ein 
Nicht-Schaltjahr fällt; und 
DLY die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen innerhalb dieses Berechnungszeitraums ist, die in ein 
Schaltjahr fällt.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed), einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf ein Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360, einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen 
berechnet wird (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der 31. Tag eines 
Monats und der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist weder der 30. noch der 31. eines 
Monats, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der letzte Tag 
des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlägerter 
Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2021 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die Anzahl der Tage im jeweiligen Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß 
der nachfolgenden Formel:

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
 
Zinstagequotient =
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese 
Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist größer als 
29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 (deutsche Zinsmethode) einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen 
berechnet wird, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages des 
Berechnungszeitraums (es sei denn, der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums, der am 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag endet, ist der letzte Tag im Monat Februar, in welchem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2021 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im jeweiligen Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß 
der nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient =
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese 
Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 
gleich 30 ist.]

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 (ISDA) (nur, wenn ISDA 2000 Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen (deutsche 
Zinsmethode)) einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient =
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, (i) 
dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 
gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, jedoch nicht der 
Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist, jedoch 
in jedem solchen Fall unter dem Vorbehalt, dass die Anzahl der Tage des 
Berechnungszeitraumes vom ersten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (einschließlich) bis zum 
letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (ausschließlich) berechnet wird.]] 
 
[Bei Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen einfügen: 
 
(9) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit (insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 11 an die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage und höchstens 
[maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus, zurückgezahlt werden, falls: 
(a) 
die Emittentin anlässlich der nächsten gemäß der Hypothekenpfandbriefe fälligen Zahlung 
verpflichtet ist bzw. verpflichtet sein wird, zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § 6 zu zahlen, und zwar 
infolge einer Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen innerhalb einer 
Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 6 definiert) oder einer Änderung bezüglich der Anwendung oder 
offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. Neufassung 
am oder nach dem Datum wirksam wird, zu dem eine Vereinbarung über die Ausgabe der ersten 
Tranche der Hypothekenpfandbriefe getroffen wird; und 
(b) 
eine solche Verpflichtung nicht dadurch vermieden werden kann, dass die Emittentin die ihr zur 
Verfügung stehenden angemessenen Maßnahmen ergreift, 
mit der Maßgabe, dass diese Ankündigung der Rückzahlung nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühesten 
Datum erfolgen darf, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls 
eine Zahlung bezüglich der Hypothekenpfandbriefe dann fällig wäre.

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 (9) ankündigt, wird sie der Hauptzahlstelle 
(zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger an der von ihr 
benannten Geschäftsadresse) (i) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung berechtigt ist, unter 
Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das Recht der Emittentin 
zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind, sowie (ii) ein Gutachten von unabhängigen, anerkannten Rechtsberatern 
zustellen, wonach die Emittentin verpflichtet ist bzw. sein wird, die zusätzlichen Beträge infolge der 
betreffenden Änderung oder Neufassung zu zahlen, woraufhin diese Rückzahlung für die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger abschließende und verbindliche Wirkung entfaltet. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß 
diesem § 3 (9) erforderlichen Bescheinigungen und Gutachten zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; auch 
ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten zu überprüfen, 
zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser 
Bescheinigungen und Gutachten und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt der Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten 
ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 (9) zurückzuzahlende Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückbezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.  
(10) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit (insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 11 an die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage und höchstens 
[maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus zurückgezahlt werden, falls es für die Emittentin 
vor dem nächsten Zinszahltag eines Hypothekenpfandbriefs gesetzwidrig geworden ist oder gesetzwidrig 
wird, weiterhin Hypothekenpfandbriefe ausstehen zu lassen, und zwar infolge einer Änderung oder 
Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen oder einer Änderung bezüglich der Anwendung oder 
offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. Neufassung vor dem 
nächsten derartigen Zinszahltag wirksam geworden ist oder wird.  
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 (10) ankündigt, wird sie der Hauptzahlstelle 
(zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger an der von ihr 
benannten Geschäftsadresse) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung berechtigt ist, unter 
Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das Recht der Emittentin 
zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind. Die Hauptzahlstelle ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und kann nicht dafür 
haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß diesem § 3 (10) erforderlichen Bescheinigungen zu 
überwachen oder sicherzustellen; auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht verpflichtet, bereitgestellte 
Bescheinigungen zu überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, übernimmt keine Verantwortung 
für den Inhalt dieser Bescheinigungen und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt der Bescheinigungen ungenau oder 
falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 (10) zurückzuzahlende Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.  
[Im Fall einer optionalen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-Option) einfügen: 
(11)  Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen ][eines jeden Jahres beginnend am [Datum 
einfügen]] ([der][jedes dieser Daten ein] Kündigungstermin) die Hypothekenpfandbriefe vollständig 
[oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Emittentin wird mindestens [Zahl einsetzen (mindestens 
5 Bankarbeitstage)][Bankarbeitstage (wie nachstehend in § 4[(2)][(3)] definiert)][Monate] vor dem 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin eine solche Rückzahlung gemäß § 11 mitteilen. Diese Mitteilung ist 
unwiderruflich und gibt den [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin an. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden 
zum [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin zum Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag [Falls aufgelaufene Zinsen 
separat gezahlt werden, einfügen: einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis zum Kündigungstermin anfallen,] 
gemäß den Vorschriften des § 4 zurückgezahlt.

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
 
Der Optionale 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag) [je Pfandbrief] [der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe] ist [seine Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie folgt: 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) einfügen, der/die 
nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]]] 
 
§ 4 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
(a) 
den Zinsbetrag an jedem Zinszahltag zu zahlen und 
(b) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag [im Falle das eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung anwendbar 
ist, einfügen: oder, im Falle einer Fälligkeitsverschiebung, am Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag] zu 
zahlen[.] [oder] 
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
(c) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin [Falls aufgelaufene Zinsen separat 
gezahlt werden, einfügen: einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis zum Kündigungstermin anfallen,] zu 
zahlen.] 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 (9) einfügen: 
(d) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 (9) bestimmten Tag der Rückzahlung zu zahlen [Falls 
aufgelaufene Zinsen gesondert gezahlt werden, einfügen: einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag 
der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen] [.]] 
Die 
in 
diesem 
Absatz 
(1) 
genannten 
Beträge 
sowie 
alle 
weiteren 
gemäß 
diesen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der 
Euro ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die kleinste 
Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden]  
[Im Fall von Dual-Currency-Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
(2)  
Die Zahlung des Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] des Zinsbetrags / der Zinsbeträge[,][und] [des Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] werden in [Währung einfügen] abgewickelt.  
[Die Umrechnung der Beträge zahlbar in [Währung einfügen] erfolgt mit dem Wechselkurs am jeweiligen 
Kursberechnungstag für den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die Zinsbeträge [und] [den 
Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag]. 
Wechselkurs ist [der "[ersten Kurs einfügen]" multipliziert mit "[zweiten Kurs einfügen]"] 
[Umtauschfaktor einfügen] am jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag. 
"[ersten Kurs einfügen]" bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von ([Währung] 
pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite "[Seite 
einfügen]" gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint.

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
 
"[zweiten Kurs einfügen]" bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von ([Währung] 
pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite "[Seite 
einfügen]" gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
Kursberechnungstag 
bezeichnet 
den 
[zweiten] 
Bankarbeitstag 
vor 
der 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages], jeweils in Übereinstimmung mit der Geschäftstagekonvention. 
[Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet [TARGET] [, [Finanzzentrum einfügen] [und [Finanzzentrum einfügen]].] 
Marktstörung bezeichnet: 
(a) 
das Ausbleiben der Veröffentlichung eines Kassakurses durch den jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor,  
(b) 
die Aufhebung oder Beschränkung des Devisenhandels für mindestens eine der relevanten 
Währungen, die für den Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden (einschließlich Optionen oder 
Terminkontrakte), oder die Beschränkung der Konvertibilität der Währungen, die für den 
Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden, oder die effektive Unmöglichkeit, eine Kursstellung für 
den betreffenden Wechselkurs zu erhalten, oder 
(c) 
alle sonstigen Ereignisse, deren wirtschaftliche Auswirkungen den vorgenannten Fällen ähnlich 
sind, 
jeweils in einem Umfange, der nach Ansicht der Emittentin wesentlich ist. 
Wenn eine wie vorstehend bezeichnete Marktstörung an einem Kursberechnungstag eintritt, wird der 
betreffende Kursberechnungstag auf den nächstfolgenden Bankarbeitstag vor der Zahlung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] verschoben. 
Wenn die Marktstörung auch nach diesem Tag fortbesteht, gilt für die Berechnung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] der letzte ermittelbare Wechselkurs vor Eintritt der Marktstörung. 
Für den Fall, dass einer der Kassakurse vom jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor nicht länger festgestellt und 
veröffentlicht wird, sondern dies durch eine andere Person, Gesellschaft oder Einrichtung (Ersatz-Fixing 
Sponsor) geschieht, kann die Emittentin den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die Zinsbeträge 
[und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Basis des Wechselkurses berechnen, wie er durch 
den entsprechenden Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung 
eines Ersatz-Fixing Sponsors, gilt, unter Berücksichtigung des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den 
Fixing Sponsor als eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor.  
Im Falle, dass einer der Kassakurse nicht länger festgestellt und veröffentlicht wird, kann die Emittentin 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] 
den 
Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[den 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Grundlage eines anderen Wechselkurses (Ersatz-Wechselkurs) 
bestimmen, wie dieser vom betreffenden Fixing Sponsor oder Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und 
veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung eines Ersatz-Wechselkurses gilt, unter Berücksichtigung 
des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den Wechselkurs als eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-Wechselkurs. 
Sollte die Emittentin zu dem Ergebnis kommen, dass 
(a) 
der Austausch eines Fixing-Sponsors nicht möglich ist,  
(b) 
der Austausch des Wechselkurses nicht möglich ist, oder 
(c) 
aufgrund des Eintritts besonderer Umstände oder Höherer Gewalt wie beispielsweise 
Katastrophen, Krieg, Terrorereignisse, Aufruhr, Beschränkungen von Zahlungsvorgängen, den 
Beitritt der Währung zur Europäischen Währungsunion, dem Austritt dieser Währung wieder aus

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
 
der Europäischen Währungsunion, die für den betreffenden Kassakurs Berücksichtigung findet, 
oder andere Umstände mit vergleichbaren Auswirkungen auf den Wechselkurs, die die 
verlässliche Feststellung des Wechselkurses unmöglich oder praktisch nicht durchführbar machen, 
wird die Emittentin die Bestimmung des Wechselkurses im Rahmen einer verhältnismäßigen Ausführung 
ihres Ermessens nach den Vorschriften des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches (BGB) vornehmen.] 
[Umrechnung der zahlbaren Beträge in [Euro][•] erfolgt [•].] [Es werden jedoch mindestens [EUR][•] 
[0,001][•] [je Festgelegte Stückelung ] [auf den Gesamtnennbetrag] gezahlt.]] 
[(2)][(3)] 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe (Zahltag) 
auf einen Tag, der kein Bankarbeitstag ist, dann: 
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
 
haben die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nachfolgenden Bankarbeitstag.] 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
haben die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nachfolgenden Bankarbeitstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.] 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen auf Grund einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt: 
  
Falls die Fälligkeit einer Zahlung, wie oben beschrieben, [vorgezogen wird] [oder] 
[verschoben wird], werden ein solcher Zahltag und der Zinsbetrag entsprechend angepasst.] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem [Wenn 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn T2 aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: und T2 
für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: und 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren einfügen] 
abwickeln]. 
[Falls T2 anwendbar ist, einfügen: T2 ist das vom Eurosystem betriebene Echtzeit-
Bruttoabwicklungssystem oder jedes Nachfolgesystem.]

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle zahlt 
die fälligen Beträge an das Clearingsystem zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten der Depotbanken 
zur Weiterleitung an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger. Die Zahlung an das Clearingsystem befreit die 
Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den Hypothekenpfandbriefen. Die 
Zahlung von Zinsen und Kapital hinsichtlich der Hypothekenpfandbriefe erfolgt an jeden 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger, der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger zum Geschäftsschluss an dem Tag, 
der 15 Bankarbeitstage vor dem maßgeblichen Zahlungstag liegt (Berechtigungsdatum), war. 
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den Hypothekenpfandbriefen bei Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird der 
fällige Betrag auf Basis des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen12 verzinst. Diese Verzinsung 
beginnt an dem Tag der Fälligkeit der Zahlung (einschließlich) und endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der der 
tatsächlichen Zahlung vorangeht (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde einfügen:  
(5) 
Zinszahlungen auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe, die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
werden, erfolgen nur nach Lieferung der Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum (wie in § 1 
definiert) durch die relevanten Teilnehmer am Clearingsystem.] 
§ 5 
(Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle[, Berechnungsstelle]) 
(1) 
Die [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom] [andere Person, die als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die 
Hauptzahlstelle (Hauptzahlstelle). Die Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (Zahlstellen) ernennen 
und die Ernennung von Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der Widerruf ist gemäß § 11 
mitzuteilen. 
 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle ernannt wurde, 
einfügen].] 
[(2) 
Die Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom [andere Person, die als Berechnungsstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen] ist die 
Berechnungsstelle (Berechnungsstelle).] 
([2][3]) Sofern irgendwelche Ereignisse eintreten sollten, die die Hauptzahlstelle [oder die Berechnungsstelle] 
[oder eine zusätzliche Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als Hauptzahlstelle [oder 
Berechnungsstelle] [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu erfüllen, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, eine andere 
Bank von internationalem Rang als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] [, bzw. eine andere 
Person oder Institution mit der nötigen Sachkenntnis als Berechnungsstelle] zu ernennen. Eine 
Übertragung der Stellung als Hauptzahlstelle [oder Berechnungsstelle] [oder zusätzliche Zahlstelle] ist 
von der Emittentin unverzüglich gemäß § 11 mitzuteilen. 
([3][4]) Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [und die Berechnungsstelle] [handelt][handeln] im 
Zusammenhang mit den Hypothekenpfandbriefen ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin, 
[übernimmt][übernehmen] keine Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern und 
stehen in keinem Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] 
[und die Berechnungsstelle] [ist] [sind] von den Beschränkungen des §181 BGB befreit. 
([4][5]) Falls es sich nicht um einen offensichtlichen Fehler handelt, sind Entscheidungen der Berechnungsstelle 
endgültig und für die Emittentin sowie die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger verbindlich. 
 
12  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 Abs. 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern mindestens ein 
Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank zum 
jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
 
§ 6 
(Steuern) 
(1) 
Als Quellensteuerstelle haftet die Emittentin und trägt die Beweislast gegenüber den Steuerbehörden in 
Bezug auf (i) die ordnungsgemäße Einbehaltung von Quellensteuern und Steuersicherheiten (je nach 
Sachlage), die nach dem Recht einer Steuerjurisdiktion von jeder Zahlung von Kapital, Zinsen oder 
anderen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zahlbaren Beträgen einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind, 
sowie (ii) die Gewährung von Steuererleichterungen. Dementsprechend wird die Emittentin, bevor eine 
Steuererleichterung gewährt werden kann, verlangen, dass die Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche 
Eigentum ordnungsgemäß erhoben und der Emittentin gemäß den Zertifizierungsverfahren übermittelt 
werden, es sei denn, die Emittentin verzichtet darauf in Übereinstimmung mit diesem § 6. 
[Falls keine Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
 
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe durch oder im Namen der Emittentin 
erfolgen erst nach Abzug oder Einbehalt von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben 
jeglicher Art, die durch oder im Namen der Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt oder erhoben werden (Steuern), 
insoweit als ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Es werden keine zusätzlichen 
Beträge zur Deckung der auf diese Weise abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Beträge gezahlt. Die Emittentin 
wird über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern gegenüber den zuständigen Regierungsbehörden 
Rechenschaft ablegen.] 
[Falls eine Steuerausgleichpflicht (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
 
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen oder sonstigen Beträgen, die durch oder im Namen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu zahlen sind, erfolgen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
jeglicher gegenwärtiger oder künftiger Steuern oder Abgaben welcher Art auch immer, die seitens bzw. 
namens der Steuerjurisdiktion erhoben oder eingezogen werden (die Steuern), es sei denn, ein solcher 
Einbehalt bzw. Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In letzterem Fall wird die Emittentin, nur (falls 
zutreffend) in Bezug auf etwaige Zahlungen von Zinsen, die notwendigen zusätzlichen Beträge zahlen, 
um zu gewährleisten, dass die von den Gläubigern erhaltenen Nettobeträge nach einem solchen Einbehalt 
oder Abzug den jeweiligen Beträgen von Zinsen entsprechen, die ihnen ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug bezüglich der Hypothekenpfandbriefe zustehen würden, mit der Ausnahme, dass keine solchen 
zusätzlichen Beträge für Hypothekenpfandbriefe gezahlt werden: 
(a) 
die in der Tschechischen Republik zur Zahlung vorgelegt werden; oder  
(b) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer in Bezug auf diesen Hypothekenpfandbrief steuerpflichtig ist, 
weil er eine [andere] Verbindung zu der Steuerjurisdiktion hat [als nachstehend unter Buchstabe 
(g) angegeben]; oder 
(c) 
die mehr als 30 Tage nach dem Relevanten Datum (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt werden, außer in dem Umfang, in dem der Inhaber Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen 
Betrag gehabt hätte, wenn er den Hypothekenpfandbrief an diesem dreißigsten Tag zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt hätte, vorausgesetzt dieser Tag wäre ein Zahlungstag (wie in § 4 ([2][3]) definiert) 
gewesen; oder 
(d) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug für oder aufgrund von Steuern in Bezug auf einen solchen 
Hypothekenpfandbrief erforderlich ist, weil die Emittentin oder eine Person im Namen der 
Emittentin nicht ordnungsgemäß wahrheitsgemäße, genaue und vollständige Informationen über 
das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder einen ähnlichen Freistellungsantrag erhalten hat, sofern solche 
Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ähnliche Freistellungsanträge im Rahmen 
des Zertifizierungsverfahrens erforderlich sind oder auferlegt werden, es sei denn, dies ist auf 
Handlungen oder Unterlassungen der Emittentin oder ihrer Erfüllungsgehilfen zurückzuführen;

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
 
(e) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug für oder aufgrund von Steuern in Bezug auf einen solchen 
Hypothekenpfandbrief auf der Grundlage der Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum, 
die die Emittentin im Rahmen des Zertifizierungsverfahrens erhalten hat, für oder aufgrund der 
Steuersicherheit erfolgt; 
(f) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer ein Tschechischer Steueransässiger als natürliche Person ist[; 
oder 
(g) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer eine mit der Emittentin Kapitalmäßig Verbundene Person ist]. 
Für den Fall, dass die Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ein ähnlicher 
Freistellungsantrag der Emittentin nicht zu den in vorstehendem Absatz (d) genannten Bedingungen 
vorgelegt werden, wird die Emittentin (i) 35 % Quellensteuer von jeder Zinszahlung auf einen solchen 
Hypothekenpfandbrief einbehalten [und (ii) wenn die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu einem Preis begeben 
werden, der unter ihrem Nennwert liegt (d.h. unter pari), 1 % Steuersicherheit von jeder Kapitalzahlung 
auf einen solchen Hypothekenpfandbrief], es sei denn, die Emittentin ist nach eigenem Ermessen davon 
überzeugt, dass sie über alle erforderlichen Informationen verfügt, die es der Emittentin ermöglichen, die 
Quellensteuer nicht oder zu einem niedrigeren Satz anzuwenden [oder die Steuersicherheit nicht 
anzuwenden]. Außerdem ist die Emittentin, soweit sie sämtliche für ein solches Vorgehen notwendigen 
Auskünfte eingeholt hat, ganz nach eigenem Ermessen berechtigt, die jeweiligen Gläubiger für die gemäß 
dem vorstehenden Satz in Anwendung gebrachte Quellensteuer [oder die Steuersicherheit] ganz oder 
teilweise zu entschädigen. Zum Ausschluss von Zweifeln wird festgehalten, dass der jeweilige Gläubiger, 
falls sich die Emittentin entschlossen hat, eine solche Entschädigung zu gewähren, seinen 
Erstattungsanspruch gemäß dem Schnellerstattungsverfahren bzw. dem Standard-Erstattungsverfahren 
(wie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren definiert) nur für Beträge geltend machen kann, die über den Betrag 
der o.g. Entschädigung hinausgehen. 
Die Emittentin kann jederzeit durch Mitteilung an die Gläubiger gemäß § 11 auf die in diesem § 6 (2) 
genannten Bedingungen zugunsten der Wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer verzichten.  
Bezüglich einer etwa gemäß dem Standard-Erstattungsverfahren (wie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren 
definiert) gewährten Erstattung ist die Emittentin berechtigt, von der jeweiligen Zahlung eine Gebühr 
einzubehalten, die sich errechnet als Summe von (a) einem Fixbetrag i.H.v. EUR [●] und (b) jeglichen 
Verwaltungsgebühren, Bußgeldern, Zinsen oder ähnlichen Kosten, die der Emittentin in Zusammenhang 
mit einer solchen Erstattung womöglich entstehen (jeweils zuzüglich der anzuwendenden 
Mehrwertsteuer).] 
(3) 
Vorbehaltlich des Handelns der Emittentin nach Treu und Glauben und in wirtschaftlich angemessener 
Weise gemäß § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB) und unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 
30 Tagen, die den Gläubigern gemäß § 11 für jede derartige Festsetzung zu gewähren ist, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger eine Festsetzung (jeweils eine Festsetzung) zu einer 
Bestimmung dieses § 6 vorzunehmen, um Folgendes zu berücksichtigen: 
(a) 
eine Änderung des anwendbaren tschechischen Rechts oder der tschechischen Vorschriften 
(einschließlich etwaige veröffentlichten Praktiken) in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren 
oder einer Entscheidung oder offiziellen Auslegung derselben; 
(b) 
eine von den tschechischen Steuerbehörden oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde auferlegte 
Anforderung in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; 
(c) 
eine Änderung des marktüblichen Ansatzes in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; oder 
(d) 
eine Änderung der anwendbaren Regeln oder Verfahren einer Partei bei der Durchführung der 
Zertifizierungsverfahren. 
Zur Klarstellung: Eine Festsetzung ist nicht als Änderung, Modifizierung oder Ergänzung der 
Bedingungen der Hypothekenpfandbriefe anzusehen.

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 
(4) 
Unbeschadet anderslautender Bestimmungen in diesem § 6 werden keine zusätzlichen Beträge gezahlt, 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß einer in Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (Code) beschriebenen Vereinbarung erforderlich ist oder anderweitig gemäß den Abschnitten 
1471 bis 1474 des Code, irgendwelchen Vorschriften oder Vereinbarungen darunter, deren offizieller 
Auslegung oder gemäß einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung einer zwischenstaatlichen Zusammenarbeit in 
diesem Bereich oder gemäß einer Vereinbarung zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika und der 
Tschechischen Republik zur Umsetzung von FATCA oder gemäß einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung oder in 
Befolgung oder zwecks Einhaltung einer solchen Vereinbarung auferlegt wird. 
(5) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer bezeichnet einen Inhaber eines Hypothekenpfandbriefs, wenn dieser 
Inhaber auch wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer (im Sinne des OECD-Musterabkommens zur Vermeidung der 
Doppelbesteuerung von Einkommen und Vermögen) in Bezug auf die auf diesen Hypothekenpfandbrief 
gezahlten Erträge ist, oder einen Empfänger solcher Erträge, der als wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer im obigen 
Sinne gilt; 
Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum bezeichnet bestimmte Informationen und 
Unterlagen, wie sie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren festgelegt sind, insbesondere in Bezug auf die Identität 
und das Land des steuerlichen Wohnsitzes eines Empfängers einer Zins- oder Tilgungszahlung in Bezug 
auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief (zusammen mit den entsprechenden Nachweisen), die es der Emittentin 
ermöglichen, zuverlässig festzustellen, dass ein solcher Empfänger ein Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer in 
Bezug auf eine solche Zahlung ist und dass alle Bedingungen für die Gewährung einer 
Steuererleichterung, falls vorhanden, erfüllt sind. 
Zertifizierungsverfahren bezeichnet die von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg, eingeführten 
Verfahren zur Steuererleichtung an der Quelle und Erstattungsverfahren für die Tschechische Republik 
zur Erleichterung der Erfassung der Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum, die auf der Website 
der International Capital Market Services Association unter www.icmsa.org abrufbar sind, in ihrer jeweils 
geänderten oder ersetzten Fassung oder in der vom jeweiligen ICSD im Rahmen der Umsetzung oder 
Anwendung dieser Verfahren abgeänderten oder aktualisierten Fassung. 
[Tschechischer Steuerausländer bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nicht in der Tschechischen Republik 
steuerlich ansässig ist, entweder nach dem Einkommensteuergesetz oder nach einem einschlägigen 
Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden);] 
[Tschechischer Steueransässiger bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nach dem tschechischen 
Einkommensteuergesetz sowie nach einem einschlägigen Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden) in der 
Tschechischen Republik steuerlich ansässig ist;] 
[Einkommensteuergesetz 
bezeichnet 
das 
tschechische 
Gesetz 
Nr. 586/1992 
Slg. 
über 
Einkommenssteuern in seiner geänderten Fassung;] 
[Juristische Person bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der keine natürliche Person ist (d.h. ein Steuerzahler, 
der der Körperschaftssteuer unterliegt, aber nicht unbedingt eine Rechtspersönlichkeit hat).] 
OECD bezeichnet die Organisation für wirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit und Entwicklung (Organisation 
for Economic Co-operation and Development); 
[Kapitalmäßig Verbundene Person bezeichnet jede Person (natürliche oder Juristische Person), bei 
denen (i) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten einer anderen Person 
beteiligt ist oder (ii) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten mehrerer 
Personen beteiligt ist, und in beiden Fällen diese Beteiligung (direkt oder indirekt) mindestens 25 % des 
eingetragenen Kapitals oder 25 % der Stimmrechte dieser anderen Person(en) ausmacht]. 
[Relevantes Datum bezeichnet den jeweils späteren der beiden folgenden Zeitpunkte: (1) der Tag, an dem 
die betreffende Zahlung erstmals fällig wird, und (2) falls der zu zahlende Betrag nicht in voller Höhe in 
einer Stadt, in der die Banken Zugang zum TARGET System haben, bei der Zahlstelle an oder vor diesem

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
 
Fälligkeitstag eingegangen ist, der Tag, an dem (nachdem der volle Betrag eingegangen ist) eine 
entsprechende Mitteilung an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern erfolgt ist.] 
Steuerjurisdiktion bezeichnet die (i) Tschechische Republik oder eine ihrer politischen 
Untergliederungen oder eine Behörde davon oder darin, die zur Besteuerung befugt ist; oder (ii) jede 
andere Jurisdiktion oder eine politische Untergliederung oder eine zur Besteuerung befugten Behörde 
davon oder darin, der die von der Emittentin geleisteten Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen auf die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe generell unterliegen. 
Steuererleichterung bezeichnet eine Befreiung von der Quellensteuer bzw. der Steuersicherheit, sei es in 
Form einer Befreiung oder der Anwendung eines ermäßigten Satzes. 
Steuersicherheit beizeichnet einen besonderer Betrag, der von einer Quellensteuerstelle (z.B. vom 
Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung oder vom Käufer einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung 
steuerpflichtiger Einkünfte einbehalten wird und im Wesentlichen als Vorschuss auf die vom Empfänger 
der betreffenden Einkünfte selbst zu erhebende Steuer dient (d.h. im Gegensatz zur Quellensteuer stellt 
der so einbehaltene Betrag im Allgemeinen keine endgültige Steuerschuld dar); 
[Steuerabkommen bezeichnet ein gültiges und wirksames Steuerabkommen zwischen der Tschechischen 
Republik und einem anderen Land, nach dem der Tschechische Steuerausländer als Steueransässiger des 
letzteren Landes behandelt wird. Im Falle Taiwans handelt es sich bei dem Steuerabkommen um das 
Gesetz Nr. 45/2020 Slg. über die Beseitigung der Doppelbesteuerung im Verhältnis zu Taiwan in seiner 
geänderten Fassung.] 
[Quellensteuer bezeichnet eine Steuer, die durch Abzug an der Quelle durch eine Quellensteuerstelle (z. 
B. durch den Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung von steuerpflichtigem Einkommen 
erhoben wird. Außer unter bestimmten begrenzten Umständen wird eine solche Steuer im Allgemeinen 
als endgültig betrachtet.] 
§ 7 
(Rang) 
(1) 
Unbeachtlich § 15 handelt es sich bei den Hypothekenpfandbriefen um gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel 
III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes begebene Hypothekenpfandbriefe (hypoteční 
zástavní listy). 
(2) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe verbriefen direkte, unbedingte, nicht nachrangige und unbesicherte 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und sind gleichrangig sowohl untereinander als auch bezüglich aller 
anderen von der Emittentin begebenen Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe, die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehen und von derselben Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen (wobei die Emittentin nach 
eigenem Ermessen mehrere Deckungsmassen bilden kann), sowie bezüglich aller anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die den Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefen gleichrangig gestellt 
wurden. Obschon die Hypothekenpfandbriefe unbesicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin darstellen, 
sind im Falle eines etwaigen gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahrens besondere Regeln für 
die Verbindlichkeiten anwendbar, die sich aus solchen von der Emittentin begebenen ausstehenden 
Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefen ergeben.  
(3) 
Bei 
den 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen 
handelt 
es 
sich 
um 
["CRR-kompatible 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe"]["Europäische Pfandbriefe (Premium)"], die den Anforderungen von § 28a 
Abs. 2 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genügen und bei denen ausschließlich die 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin verwendet werden, um den Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 
des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes zu genügen. 
(4) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Angepasster Wert bezeichnet, soweit die einschlägigen Gesetze nichts anderes vorsehen: 
(a) 
für jedes CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden Größen:

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
den Nennwert des CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehen; und 
(ii) 
80 % 
des 
Werts 
der 
Beliehenen 
Immobilie 
bezüglich 
dieses 
CRR-
Wohnhypothekendarlehens;  
(b) 
für jedes CRR-Gewerbliche-Hypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedriegeren Wert der folgenden 
Größen: 
(i) 
den Nennwert des CRR-Gewerblichen Hypothekendarlehens; und 
(ii) 
60 % des Werts der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses CRR-Gewerblichen 
Hypothekendarlehens; 
(c) 
für jedes Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz den jeweils niedriegeren Wert der folgenden 
Größen: 
(i) 
den Nennwert des Hypothekendarlehens gemäß SchVG-cz; und 
(ii) 
den Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses Hypothekendarlehens gemäß 
SchVG-cz;  
(d) 
für jede PSB-Forderung und -Risikoposition: deren ausstehenden Nennwert; 
(e) 
für Bargeld: den ausstehenden Nennwert;  
(f) 
für jedes Derivat: dessen tatsächlichen Wert gemäß anwendbarem Recht; und 
(g) 
jedes Liquide Mittel, das: 
(i) 
gemäß § 28aa Abs. 3 Buchst. a des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, 
deren Marktwert gemäß Artikel 9 der Delegierten Verordnung (EU) 2015/61 der 
Kommission vom 10. Oktober 2014 zur Ergänzung der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
575/2013 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates im Hinblick auf die 
Liquiditätsdeckungsanforderung für Kreditinstitute bestimmt (und erforderlichenfalls 
reduziert) wird; oder 
(ii) 
gemäß § 28aa Abs. 3 Buchst. b des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
seinem Nennwert entspricht. 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag bezeichnet den Sonderaufsichtsvertrag vom 15. Dezember 2020 in der am 5. 
September 2024 geänderten und neu gefassten Fassung zwischen der Emittentin als Emittent und 
Deloitte Audit s.r.o. als Sonderaufseher (Sonderaufseher). 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet: 
(a) den Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag; und  
(b) nach dem den Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag: 
(i) 
soweit 
kein 
fortbestehender 
Kündigungsgrund 
vorliegt: 
den 
Ersten 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und das Datum seiner alljährlichen Wiederkehr; und 
(ii) 
nach Eintreten eines Kündigungsgrundes: jedes Monatliche Datum, das einen 
Kalendermonat oder später nach dem ersten Eintreten des Kündigungsgrundes folgt, 
solange dieser fortbesteht. 
Zeichnungsberechtigter bezeichnet eine Person, die ein Gesellschaftsamt bei der Emittentin bekleidet 
oder einer andere Person, die von der Emittentin als Zeichnungsberechtigter ernannt wurde und für die

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
 
eine von der Emittentin unterzeichnete Urkunde vorgelegt wurde, in der Name und Unterschrift dieser 
Person aufgeführt sind und die die Zeichnungsberechtigung dieser Person bestätigt. 
Geschäftstag bezeichnet jeden Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Handelsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in Prag Zahlungen abwickeln oder T2 für Zahlungen oder Wechselgeschäfte mit dem 
Euro als Ausgangs- oder Zielwährung geöffnet ist. 
Bargeld bezeichnet Bargeldforderungen oder sonstige Vermögenswerte der Emittentin gemäß § 31 Abs. 
2 Buchst. d des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes.  
CNB bezeichnet die Tschechische Nationalbank. 
CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 2/2019 Slg. der CNB vom 21.12.2018 (Vyhláška České 
národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018), über die Umsetzung einiger Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Vertraglicher bereinigter Saldo der Deckungsmasse bezeichnet die Summe der ausstehenden 
Angepassten Werte für alle Deckungsaktiva. 
Deckungsaktiva bezeichnet die im Deckungsregister eingestellten Deckungsaktiva, die den 
Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien (falls zutreffend für die 
jeweiligen Deckungsaktiva) genügen. 
Deckungsregister bezeichnet das jeweilige Deckungsregister für jede Deckungsmasse, die von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung 
geführt wird.  
Deckungsmasse bezeichnet einen Teil des Vermögens der Emittentin, welcher buchhalterisch separat 
erfasst wird und aus Aktivposten besteht, welche die relevanten Auswahlkriterien erfüllen, die in diesen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen (sofern für die jeweiligen Deckungsaktiva anwendbar) festgelegt 
sind, und die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin decken sollen, welche sich aus den Tschechischen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen ergeben (wozu u.a. deren Gesamtnennwert und anteiliger Ertrag gehören). 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013 über Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
CRR-Gewerbliches-Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet das CRR-Hypothekendarlehen, das durch die 
Beliehene Immobilie, die eine gewerblich genutzte Immobilie im Sinne der CRR ist, besichert ist. 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die Forderungen der Emittentin aus Hypothekendarlehen 
gemäß Art. 129 Abs. 1 d) bis f) der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR). 
CRR PSB-Forderungen bezeichnet Risikopositionen gemäß Art. 129 Abs. 1 a) oder b) der 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR).  
CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehen bezeichnet das CRR-Hypothekendarlehen, das durch die Beliehene 
Immobilie, die eine Wohnimmobilie gemäß Artikel 4(75) der CRR ist, besichert ist. 
Tschechisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Bankengesetz Nr. 21/1992 Slg., in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
Nr. 190/2004 Slg., in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz bezeichnet die Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin gemäß 
§ 31 Abs. 2 Buchst. a des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes.

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
 
PSB-Forderungen gemäß SchVG-cz bezeichnet die in § 31 Abs. 2 Buchst. b und Buchst. c des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Forderungen, die auch mit § 31 Abs. 8 des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes übereinstimmen. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 256/2004 Slg., über 
Kapitalmarktgeschäfte, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 15/1998 Slg., 
über die Aufsicht im Bereich Kapitalmärkte und die Änderung bestimmter Gesetze, in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechische Insolvenzordnung bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 182/2006 Slg., über Insolvenz 
und die Methoden zu deren Abwicklung (Insolvenzordnung), in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechische Hypothekenpfandbriefe bezeichnet alle Instrumente und Wertpapiere, die von der 
Emittentin in der Form von Hypothekenpfandbriefen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 
2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes begeben wurden, und zwar unabhängig 
davon, ob diese tschechischem oder Drittstaatrecht unterworfen wurden, und unabhängig davon, ob sie 
im Rahmen des Programms (als die hierin definierten Hypothekenpfandbriefe) oder im Rahmen eines 
von der Emittentin erst noch aufzulegenden Programms oder als eigenständiges Produkt aufgelegt 
werden. 
Tschechisches Vermögensbewertungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 151/1997 Slg., 
über Vermögensbewertung, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Liegenschaftskataster  bezeichnet das tschechische Liegenschaftskataster (katastr 
nemovitostí), das gemäß Gesetz Nr. 256/2013 Slg. über das Liegenschaftskataster, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung. 
Dealer bezeichnet Raiffeisen Bank International, Raiffeisenbank a.s. sowie weitere von Zeit zu Zeit im 
Einklang mit dem Dealer Agreement für eine bestimmte Emission oder auf fortlaufender Basis ernannte 
Dealer (zusammen Dealer). 
Dealer Agreement bezeichnet das geänderte und neu gefasste Dealer Agreement vom 5. September 
2024 zwischen der Emittentin, Raiffeisen Bank International als Arrangeur und Dealer, und 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. als Dealer. 
Schulden bezeichnet alle Schulden, die durch die Deckungsmasse gedeckt sind zu Zwecken der in 
Artikel 28a Abs. 1 und Abs. 2 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes dargelegten 
Gesetzlichen Tests. 
Verzug bezeichnet einen Verzug in Bezug auf den Darlehensnehmer unter dem Hypothekendarlehen 
gemäß Artikel 178 der CRR. 
Notleidendes Darlehen bezeichnet ein Hypothekendarlehen, bezüglich dessen ein Verzug eingetreten 
ist und weiterhin besteht. 
Derivate bezeichnet die sich aus einem Derivat ergebenden Rechte gemäß Art. 2 Ziffer 5 der 
Verordnung (EU) 648/2012 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates über OTC-Derivate, zentrale 
Gegenparteien und Transaktionsregister (also eines der in Ziffer 4 bis 10 in Anhang I, Abschnitt C der 
MiFID II-Verordnung aufgeführten Finanzinstrumente), vorausgesetzt, alle relevanten Bedingungen 
gemäß § 31 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes sind erfüllt;  
Erster Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet den 30. September 2024; 
Ausgabetag bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem die Emittentin Hypothekenpfandbriefe unter dem Programm 
begibt;

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag bezeichnet den geänderten und neu gefassten Vertrag über die 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstelle vom 5. September 2024 zwischen der Emittentin und Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch als der Hauptzahlstelle. 
Liquide Mittel bezeichnet die im Deckungsvermögensregister gemäß § 28aa Abs. 3 des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes eingetragenen Mittel. 
LTV-Quote bezeichnet das prozentuale Verhältnis des Betrags der Forderungen der Emittentin aus 
einem Hypothekendarlehen geteilt durch den Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie der maßgeblichen 
Beliehenen Immobilie, die dieses Hypothekendarlehen besichert. 
Monatliches Datum bezeichnet den ersten Tag jedes Monats bzw. falls, dieser kein Geschäftstag ist, 
den unmittelbar darauffolgenden Geschäftstag. 
Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz und die in der 
Deckungsmasse enthaltenen CRR-Hypothekendarlehen. 
Beliehene Immobilie bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein beliebiges Hypothekendarlehen die zur Besicherung 
dieses Hypothekendarlehens verpfändete Immobilie, in Bezug auf die alle maßgeblichen geltenden 
Gesetze erfüllt sind.  
Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezeichnet den Gesamtwert der Beliehenen Immobilie, der von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit den anzuwendenden Gesetzen (einschließlich dem Tschechisches 
Vermögensbewertungsgesetz) und mit den internen Regelungen der Emittentin für die Bewertung 
Beliehener Immobilien bestimmt wurde.  
Nennwert bezeichnet die ausstehende Hauptforderung eines Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefs, 
Hypothekendarlehens oder andere Schulden oder Sicherheiten bzw. eine Summe davon, wenn der 
Kontext dies erfordert. 
Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund bezeichnet einen Zustand, ein Ereignis oder eine Handlung, der bzw. 
das bzw. die einen Kündigungsgrund darstellen würde, sobald mehr Zeit verstrichen ist bzw. falls eine 
Mitteilung, Bestätigung, Erklärung, Forderung und/oder Ersuchen erteilt oder übermittelt wird oder eine 
vergleichbare Maßnahme ergriffen wird oder eine vergleichbare Bedingung erfüllt ist. 
Programm bezeichnet das € 5.000.000.000 Programm der Emittentin für die Begebung von 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen. 
PSB-Forderungen und -Risikopositionen bezeichnet die CRR PSB-Forderungen und die PSB-
Forderungen gemäß SchVG-cz. 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. sowie jeglichen Rechtsnachfolger, 
welcher deren Ratinggeschäft übernimmt. 
Eingetragener Nennwert bezeichnet den Teil des Nennwerts eines Hypothekendarlehens, der im 
Deckungsregister gemäß Artikel 3 Abs. 2 (g) der CNB-Verordnung zu Zwecken der Übereinstimmung 
mit Artikel 28a des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes eingetragen ist. 
Maßgeblicher Wechselkurs bezeichnet den von der Emittentin bestimmten Gegenwert in 
tschechischen Kronen (koruna) (i) anhand des Kurses, wie ihn die CNB oder eine Nachfolgerquelle für 
die Umrechnung der relevanten Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen für den Bankarbeitstag bereitstellt, 
der der jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht [oder, (ii) falls ein solcher direkter Wechselkurs für 
die relevante(n) Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen nicht verfügbar ist, der (von der jeweiligen 
Zentralbank bereitgestellten) Kurs für die Umrechnung der relevante(n) Währungen in U.S.-Dollar oder 
Euro, gefolgt von der Umrechnung des betreffenden Betrags in U.S.-Dollar oder Euro in tschechische 
Kronen anhand des (seitens der CNB bereitgestellten) Wechselkurses für den Bankarbeitstag, der der 
jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
 
Staatliche Subvention bezeichnet jede Subvention oder ähnliche Leistung im Sinne der Verordnung 
Nr. 249/2002 Slg. Der tschechischen Regierung über Bedingungen der Gewährung von Subventionen 
in Bezug auf Hypothekendarlehen für Personen unter 36 Jahren, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, und 
Verordnung Nr. 244/1995 Slg. Der tschechischen Regierung über Bedingungen der Gewährung von 
finanziellen Subventionen in Bezug auf Hypothekendarlehen für Wohnbauentwicklung, in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung, oder jede Subvention oder Leistung ähnlicher Art, die nach dem Datum des 
Basisprospekts eingeführt werden können; zur Klarstellung: die Definition der Staatlichen Subvention 
umfasst keine Steuervergünstigungen. 
Gesetzliche Tests bezeichnet alle vom Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz für die Emittentin 
vorgeschriebenen Tests (einschließlich der in §§ 28a Abs. 1, Abs. 2 und Abs. 3 und 28aa des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Tests). 
Gesetzliche Auswahlkriterien bezeichnet die im Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der 
CNB-Verordnung (und insbesondere in §§ 30 und 31 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes) 
enthaltenen gesetzlichen Kriterien, nach denen entschieden wird, welche Deckungsaktiva Bestandteil 
der Deckungsmasse sein können. 
Tochterunternehmen bezeichnet bezüglich einer beliebigen Person (Erste Person) zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt eine solche andere Person (Zweite Person): 
(a) 
deren Angelegenheiten und Unternehmenspolitik von der Ersten Person beherrscht werden 
bzw. beherrscht werden können, sei es im Wege einer Beteiligung, eines Vertrags, der Befugnis 
zur Ernennung oder Abberufung von Mitgliedern des Führungsgremiums der Zweiten Person, 
oder anderweitig; oder  
(b) 
deren Jahresabschluss gemäß dem anzuwendenden Recht und den allgemein anerkannten 
Rechnungslegungsgrundsätzen mit dem der Ersten Person konsolidiert wird. 
Transaktionsdokumente bezeichnet:  
(a) 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen; 
(b) 
die relevante Fassung der Endgültigen Bedingungen; 
(c) 
das Dealer Agreement;  
(d) 
den Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag; und 
(e) 
den Sonderaufsichtsvertrag. 
(5) 
Soweit sich aus dem Kontext nichts Gegenteiliges ergibt, gilt, dass eine Bezugnahme in diesen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen: 
(a) 
auf irgendein Transaktionsdokument oder eine sonstige Vereinbarung oder ein sonstiges 
Instrument als Bezugnahme auf das jeweilige Transaktionsdokument bzw. die jeweilige 
Vereinbarung oder das jeweilige Instrument in deren allfällig geänderten, erneuerten, 
ergänzten, erweiterten oder neugefassten Fassung zu verstehen ist; und  
(b) 
auf eine Gesetzesnorm oder eine gesetzliche Vorschrift als Bezugnahme auf die allfällig 
geänderte, ersetzte oder neugefasste Gesetzesnorm oder Vorschrift zu verstehen ist.  
(6) 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, in Zukunft zusätzliche Deckungsmassen bezüglich der 
Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu bilden. Ist dies der Fall, so bleiben die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehenden Hypothekenpfandbriefe von der Deckungsmasse gedeckt, die zum Ausgabetag 
besteht, und zwar in deren allfällig geänderten oder ergänzten Form.

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
 
§ 8 
(Verpflichtungen der Emittentin) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, die Deckungsmasse im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien, den Gesetzlichen Tests und den weiteren einschlägigen Anforderungen gemäß dem 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung aufrechtzuerhalten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, an jedem Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und an jedem Ausgabetag die 
vorgeschriebenen Kontrollen und Prüfungen vorzunehmen, um sicherzustellen, dass jedes in die 
Deckungsmasse eingebrachte Hypothekendarlehen auch weiterhin im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien (gemäß nachstehender Definition) ist. Soweit 
kein Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien gegeben 
ist, wird die Emittentin Bestandteile der Deckungsmasse entsprechend ersetzen, um den Einklang mit 
den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien herzustellen. 
(2) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem sicherzustellen, dass der Vertragliche Bereinigte Saldo der 
Deckungsmasse mindestens 110 % aller Schulden beträgt (Vertragliche Deckungstest). In Bezug auf 
den Vertraglichen Deckungstest wird, unter Vorbehalt des anwendbaren Rechts, jeder Betrag (i) sofern 
er auf eine andere Währung als die Tschechische Krone lautet, im entsprechenden Gegenwert der 
Tschechischen Kronen, der unter Anwendung des Maßgeblichen Wechselkurses für solche Beträge am 
maßgeblichen Datum ermittelt wird; und (ii) sofern der Betrag auf Tschechische Kronen lautet, im 
entsprechenden Betrag in Tschechischen Kronen berechnet.  
(3) 
Die Emittentin wird jeweils am Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und jedem Ausgabetag ihre Einhaltung 
der Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests prüfen; soweit sie diesen nicht genügt, wird 
sie Ersetzungen in der Deckungsmasse vornehmen, um die Einhaltung der Gesetzlichen Tests und des 
Vertraglichen Deckungstests zu gewährleisten. Zur Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen 
Deckungstest löst keinen Kündigungsgrund aus. Allerdings darf die Emittentin, solange dieser Verstoß 
fortbesteht, keine Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse der 
Emittentin Nutzen ziehen. 
(4) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, der Ratingagentur (bzw. einer anderen Ratingagentur, die eine 
Bewertung für die Hypothekenpfandbriefe abgegeben hat) und dem Sonderaufseher von Zeit zu Zeit 
Auskünfte über den aktuellen Wert des Vertraglichen Bereinigten Saldos der Deckungsmasse zu erteilen 
und die Einhaltung des Vertraglichen Deckungstests durch die Emittentin zu bestätigen.  
(5) 
Zusätzlich zu den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien wird die Emittentin außerdem dafür sorgen, dass die 
Deckungsmasse auch die folgenden vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien in Bezug auf in der Deckungsmasse 
enthaltene Deckungsaktiva erfüllt (zusammen Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien):  
(a) 
die Hypothekendarlehen unterliegen tschechischem Recht; 
(b) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sind vollständig ausgezahlt, und der betreffende Darlehensnehmer hat 
kein Recht oder keinen Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen Vorschuss der Emittentin; 
(c) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sahen zum Zeitpunkt der Auszahlung keine Staatliche Subvention in 
Bezug auf den Nennbetrag oder Zinsen vor; 
(d) 
die Beliehene Immobilie ist eine Immobilie, die vollständig errichtet wurde, wie ein Auszug 
aus dem tschechischen Immobilienregister belegt; 
(e) 
die Beliehene Immobilie befindet sich in der Tschechischen Republik; 
(f) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sind keine Notleidenden Darlehen; 
(g) 
bei den Hypothekendarlehen ist die maximale Höhe der besicherten Forderungen der Emittentin 
mindestens gleich dem Eingetragenen Nennwert dieses Hypothekendarlehens;  
(h) 
die LTV-Quote des CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehens beträgt nicht mehr als 80 % und wenn 
diese Schwelle überschritten wird, wird der Teil des Nennwerts dieses CRR-

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 
Wohnhypothekendarelehens, der die LTV-Quote von 80 % überschreitet, zu Zwecken des 
Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests nicht berücksichtigt;  
(i) 
die LTV-Quote des CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehens beträgt nicht mehr als 60 % und wenn 
diese Schwelle überschritten wird, wird der Teil des Nennwerts dieses CRR-
Wohnhypothekendarelehens, der die LTV-Quote von 60 % überschreitet, zu Zwecken des 
Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests nicht berücksichtigt;  
(j) 
der Darlehensnehmer unter dem Hypothekendarlehen hat mindestens eine Ratenzahlung 
geleistet; 
(k) 
sämtliche vom jeweiligen Darlehensnehmer zahlbaren Hypothekendarlehen lauten auf 
Tschechische Kronen (oder eine andere Währung, die die Tschechische Krone als offizielle 
gesetzliche Währung in der Tschechischen Republik ab dem Zeitpunkt einer solchen Ersetzung 
ersetzen kann); 
(l) 
der Nennwert der Hypothekendarlehen, die den Mitarbeitern der Emittentin gewährt werden, 
beträgt nicht mehr als 5 % des Nennwerts der Hypothekendarlehen, die in der Deckungsmasse 
enthalten ist; und 
(m) 
die Deckungsmasse enthält keine Asset-Backed Securities. 
In Bezug auf die Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien wird, unter Vorbehalt des anwendbaren Rechts, jeder 
Betrag (i) sofern er auf eine andere Währung als die Tschechische Krone lautet, im entsprechenden 
Gegenwert der Tschechischen Kronen, der unter Anwendung des Maßgeblichen Wechselkurses für 
solche Beträge am maßgeblichen Datum ermittelt wird; und (ii) sofern der Betrag auf Tschechische 
Kronen lautet, im entsprechenden Betrag in Tschechischen Kronen berechnet. 
(6) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem für den gesamten Zeitraum, zu dem irgendwelche der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe ausstehen: 
(a) 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger (im Einklang mit § 11) und die Hauptzahlstelle 
unverzüglich vom Eintreten jeglichen Kündigungsgrundes in Kenntnis zu setzen; 
(b) 
ihren Sitz in der Tschechischen Republik und ihre Bankenlizenz gemäß dem Tschechischen 
Bankengesetz aufrechtzuerhalten, sowie sämtliche weiteren Zulassungen und Registrierungen, 
die für das Programm gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften der Tschechischen Republik 
erforderlich sind (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das Tschechische 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das Tschechische 
Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt), und der CNB sämtliche Dokumente zur Verfügung 
zu stellen, die für die Aufrechterhaltung der Zulassungen und Registrierungen erforderlich sind, 
insbesondere verfügt sie über eine gültige Genehmigung für ihre gedeckten Blocks gemäß 
§ 30d Abs. 3 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes (Erlaubnis für Covered 
Block); 
(c) 
in allen wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften 
der Tschechischen Republik (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das 
Tschechische Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und wie 
gemäß dieser Rechtsvorschriften erforderlich; insbesondere hat die Emittentin in allen 
wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß der CNB-Verordnung und anderen 
Durchführungsvorschriften zum Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezüglich der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe einzuhalten, was uneingeschränkt ihre Verpflichtungen betreffend die 
Führung des Deckungsregisters und sämtliche weiteren Dauerpflichten der Emittentin 
betreffend die Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe und die Deckungsmasse einschließt; 
(d) 
in englischer Sprache sämtliche Berichte und mit Bestätigungsvermerk versehenen geprüften 
Jahresabschlüsse für das jeweilige Geschäftsjahr/die jeweilige Rechnungsperiode zu 
veröffentlichen, die die Bilanz und die Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung enthalten sollen, sowie 
sämtliche weiteren an Gläubiger der Emittentin ergehenden Mitteilungen, Erklärungen oder

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
 
Rundschreiben, und zwar jeweils sobald als möglich nach dem Erscheinungsdatum, jedenfalls 
aber innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Bilanzstichtag der Emittentin; 
(e) 
zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung des Geschäftsberichts und des Jahresabschlusses gemäß 
vorstehendem Buchstaben (f) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittenten 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zu veröffentlichen, wonach nach bestem Wissen und Gewissen 
der Emittentin Folgendes der Fall ist: (a) während des Zeitraums zwischen dem Abgabedatum 
der letzten Bescheinigung (bzw., im Falle der ersten solchen Bescheinigung, dem Datum dieser 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen) und dem Datum der Abgabe der aktuellen Bescheinigung 
ist die Emittentin ihren wesentlichen Verpflichtungen gemäß diesen Hypotheken-
pfandbriefbedingungen, dem Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag und den übrigen Transaktions-
dokumenten nachgekommen (und falls dies nicht der Fall ist, macht die Emittentin detaillierte 
Angaben zu den Umständen dieser Nichteinhaltung der Verpflichtungen), und (b) unbeschadet 
der Allgemeingültigkeit dieses Buchstabens (e) und des vorstehenden Buchstabens (d) lag zu 
einem Zeitpunkt von nicht mehr als 10 Tagen vor Zustellung der Bescheinigung kein 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vor (und falls ein solcher 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vorliegt, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu selbigem); 
(f) 
jeden Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger auf dessen schriftlichen Wunsch hin mit sämtlichen 
Berichten zu versorgen, die vom Sonderaufseher gemäß dem Sonderaufsichtsvertrag erstellt 
wurden; 
(g) 
keine der Bedingungen des Sonderaufsichtsvertrags anzupassen, zu ändern, zu erneuern, zu 
ergänzen oder aufzuheben, ausgenommen: 
(i) 
rein verwaltungstechnische Änderungen und Korrekturen offensichtlicher Irrtümer; 
(ii) 
notwendige Änderungen im Zuge einer Änderung von Gesetzen oder deren 
Auslegung, einschließlich des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der 
CNB-Verordnung; oder  
(iii) 
Änderungen, die den Interessen der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger nicht wesentlich 
entgegenstehen. 
§ 9 
(Kündigungsgründe) 
(1) 
Jeder Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Hypothekenpfandbriefe sofort fällig zu stellen 
und deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zu verlangen, falls eines oder mehrere 
der folgenden Ereignisse (jeweils ein Kündigungsgrund) eintreten und andauern: 
(a) 
Nichterfüllung irgendwelcher Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Emittentin gemäß bzw. im 
Zusammenhang mit den Hypothekenpfandbriefen für einen Zeitraum von mehr als 10 (zehn) 
Bankarbeitstagen ab dem Tag der Fälligkeit dieser Zahlungsverpflichtungen; oder 
(b) 
Die Emittentin erfüllt die Gesetzlichen Tests für einen Zeitraum von mehr als drei Monaten nicht. 
Das Recht zur Fälligstellung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe erlischt, falls der fragliche Kündigungsgrund 
behoben wurde, bevor es zur Ausübung des Rechts kam. 
(2) 
Die Mitteilung der Fälligstellung von Hypothekenpfandbriefen gemäß vorstehendem Abs. 1 soll in 
Textform seitens des Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigers an die Hauptzahlstelle erfolgen, die persönlich 
oder per Einschreiben zuzustellen ist und einen hinreichend stichhaltigen Nachweis enthalten muss, dass 
der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Inhaber der relevanten 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe ist. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden zum Zeitpunkt des Erhalts der Mitteilung 
durch die Hauptzahlstelle fällig. Die Hauptzahlstelle wird die Mitteilung ohne weitere Prüfung umgehend 
an die Emittentin weiterleiten.

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
 
§ 10 
(Zusätzliche Pflichten der Emittentin zum Vorteil der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger) 
 
Unbeschadet des § 9 gilt, falls eines oder mehrere der folgenden Ereignisse eintritt bzw. eintreten und andauert 
bzw. andauern: 
(a) 
Die Emittentin versäumt es, irgendwelche weiteren Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen einzuhalten 
oder zu erfüllen, und dieser Verzug besteht unbehoben für 45 (fünfundvierzig) Kalendertage ab 
dem Tag fort, an dem der Emittentin eine Mitteilung seitens des Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigers 
zugestellt wurde, in der sie aufgefordert wird, Abhilfe zu schaffen (mit Ausnahme derjenigen 
Fälle, in denen der Verzug wegen seiner Wesensart nicht behoben werden kann, und in denen 
deshalb weder Fortbestand noch Aufforderung zur Abhilfe erforderlich sind, um den 
Kündigungsgrund zu begründen); unter Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen sind jegliche 
wesentliche Verpflichtungen der Emittentin gemäß den Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen und 
gemäß Sonderaufsichtsvertrag zu verstehen;  
(b) 
ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen Deckungstet in Bezug auf die Deckungsmasse; 
(c) 
solange dies nach geltendem Recht vorgeschrieben ist, die Emittentin nicht über die Erlaubnis für 
Covered Block verfügt, 
und sofern Hypothekenpfandbriefe dann ausstehend sind, darf die Emittentin keine Tschechischen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen.  
 
§ 11 
(Mitteilungen) 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind im Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen 
[und]  
[Wenn die Veröffentlichung daneben in einem Börsenpflichtblatt zu machen ist:, soweit gesetzlich 
erforderlich in einem Börsenpflichtblatt. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des Börsenpflichtblatts 
einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr möglich, werden die Mitteilungen in 
einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals 
veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.] 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse bewirkt 
werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden [zusätzlich] durch elektronische 
Veröffentlichung 
auf 
der 
Homepage 
der 
[maßgebliche 
Börse] 
[Luxembuger 
Börse] 
(www.[Internetadresse einfügen] [luxse.com]). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem 
Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.]]

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
 
[(2)] Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
[Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen:  
 
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe dem Clearingsystem 
zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger. Jede solche 
Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag nach 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Übermittlung 
der 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
als 
an 
die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die Emittentin die 
jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger 
übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die Hypothekenpfandbriefe notiert sind, diese Form 
der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET] [Londoner] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von TARGET Bankarbeitstag einfügen: TARGET Bankarbeitstag ist ein Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem T2 zur Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET Bankarbeitstagen: [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
[London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) 
geöffnet sind.]] 
§ 12 
(Rückerwerb) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Hypothekenpfandbriefe am Markt oder auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte Hypothekenpfandbriefe können nach 
Ermessen der Emittentin von der Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur Entwertung 
übermittelt werden. 
§ 13 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Abs. 1 Satz 1 BGB vorgesehene Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Hypothekenpfandbriefe auf zehn Jahre 
verkürzt. 
§ 14 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon unberührt. Eine in Folge 
Unwirksamkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen entstehende Lücke ist durch 
eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen und den Interessen der Parteien 
entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen.

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
§ 15 
(Anwendbares Recht, Gerichtsstand[, Sprache]) 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt der Hypothekenpfandbriefe sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Emittentin und der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger unterliegen dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(2) 
Obschon die Hypothekenpfandbriefe ansonsten dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterliegen 
und nach diesem auszulegen sind, ziehen sie Nutzen aus den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, 
der 
CNB-Verordnung, 
der 
Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung und weiteren Bestimmungen des tschechischen Rechts, die auf die Tschechischen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe anwendbar oder anderweitig für diese von Relevanz sind. Deshalb müssen die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe die Anforderungen der §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes erfüllen und die Deckungsmasse und ihre Verwaltung unterliegen 
tschechischem Recht. Außerdem finden im Falle eines Insolvenzverfahrens gegen die Emittentin § 375 
der Tschechischen Insolvenzordnung sowie weitere einschlägige Bestimmungen der Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung Anwendung auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe und die Deckungsmasse. 
(3) 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den in diesen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, Frankfurt 
am Main. 
[Nur einfügen, falls die Anleihebedingungen nicht ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind: 
(4) 
[Falls 
nicht-bindende 
englische 
Übersetzung 
beigefügt 
wird, 
einfügen: 
Diese 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.]] 
[Falls 
nicht-bindende 
deutsche 
Übersetzung 
beigefügt 
wird, 
einfügen: 
Diese 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]] 
§ 16 
(Änderungen der Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen) 
(1) 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (SchVG) finden auf die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
Anwendung. 
Von 
daher 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
diese 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen mit der im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses erteilten Einwilligung 
der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger zu ändern.  
(2) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses insbesondere 
Folgendem zustimmen: 
(a) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für den Zinszahltag, die Minderung oder Aufhebung des Zinses; 
(b) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für die Zahlung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(c) 
Minderung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(d) 
Nachrangigstellung der sich aus den Hypothekenpfandbriefen ergebenden Forderungen in einem 
gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahren;  
(e) 
die Umwandlung bzw. der Austausch der Hypothekenpfandbriefe gegen Aktien oder andere 
Wertpapiere oder Obligationen; 
(f) 
Wechsel bzw. Freigabe von Sicherheiten; 
(g) 
Änderung der Währung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe;

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
 
(h) 
Verzicht 
auf 
bzw. 
Einschränkung 
der 
Kündigungsrechte, 
die 
sich 
für 
die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger aus den Hypothekenpfandbriefen ergeben; 
(i) 
Änderung oder Aufhebung von Nebenbestimmungen der Hypothekenpfandbriefe; und  
(j) 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
für 
die 
Hypotheken-
pfandbriefgläubiger. 
Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss kann nicht dazu verwendet werden, Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern eine 
Zahlungsverpflichtung oder sonstige Leistungspflichten aufzuerlegen. 
(3) 
Gemäß § 18 SchVG verabschieden die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger ihre Beschlüsse im Wege einer 
Abstimmung [ohne persönliche Zusammenkunft] [im Rahmen einer persönlichen Zusammenkunft]. 
Die Versammlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger wird von der Emittentin oder vom Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (gemäß der Definition in nachstehender Ziffer 8) einberufen. Gemäß § 9 Abs. 1 erster Satz 
SchVG i. Verb. M. § 18 SchVG gilt, dass die Versammlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger 
einberufen werden muss, falls Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger, die zusammen Hypothekenpfandbriefe in 
einem Wert von 5 % des ausstehenden Kapitalbetrags der Hypothekenpfandbriefe schriftlich hierum 
nachsuchen, unter Benennung einer der in § 9 Abs. 1 Satz 1 SchVG aufgeführten Gründe. 
(4) 
Beschlüsse der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger werden, vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und 
solange Beschlussfähigkeit gegeben ist, durch eine einfache Mehrheit von Stimmen der stimmberechtigten 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gefasst. 
Für die Verabschiedung von Beschlüssen in den Fällen gemäß § 16 (2) (a) bis (i) bedarf es einer Mehrheit 
von mindestens 75 % der Stimmen der stimmberechtigten Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger.  
(5) 
Die an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger geben ihre Stimmen gemäß der 
Höhe des Kapitalbetrags bzw. ihres rechnerischen Anteils an den ausstehenden Hypothekenpfandbriefen 
ab. Solange die Berechtigung aus den Hypothekenpfandbriefen bei der Emittentin oder irgendeinem ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen liegt bzw. auf Rechnung der Emittentin oder ihres verbundenen Unternehmens 
gehalten wird (§ 271 Abs. 2 des Handelsgesetzbuchs), ruht das Stimmrecht in Bezug auf solche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe. Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die mit solchen ruhenden Stimmrechten 
verbundenen Hypothekenpfandbriefe auf einen Dritten zu übertragen, um die Ausübung der Stimmrechte 
anstelle der Emittentin zu ermöglichen; dies gilt auch für alle verbundenen Unternehmen der Emittentin. 
Niemand ist berechtigt, ein solches Stimmrecht für den im dritten Satz (erster Halbsatz) weiter oben 
beschriebenen Zweck auszuüben.  
(6) 
Bindende Wirkung: Mehrheitsbeschlüsse sind für alle Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger verbindlich. 
Beschlüsse, die nicht für identische Bedingungen für alle Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger sorgen, sind 
nichtig, es sei denn, die benachteiligten Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger haben dieser nachteiligen 
Behandlung ausdrücklich zugestimmt. 
(7) 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger müssen ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an Abstimmungen zum 
Zeitpunkt der Abstimmung nachweisen, und zwar durch eine besondere Bescheinigung seitens der 
Depotstelle (wie nachstehend definiert) und durch Vorlage einer Weisung zur Sperrung seitens der 
Depotstelle zugunsten der Hauptzahlstelle für den Zeitraum der Abstimmung. 
Die von der Depotstelle erteilte Bescheinigung muss 
(a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die Adresse des Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigers bezeichnen; 
(b) 
den Gesamtkapitalbetrag der Hypothekenpfandbriefe bezeichnen, der dem Wertpapierkonto zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erteilung der Bescheinigung gutgeschrieben ist; und  
(c) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotstelle dem Clearingsystem und der Hauptzahlstelle schriftlich die 
Informationen gemäß (a) und (b) übermittelt hat, sowie Bestätigungen seitens des 
Clearingsystems.

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
 
Depotstelle bezeichnet eine Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Kreditinstitut, die bzw. das zur 
geschäftsmäßigen 
Wertpapierverwahrung berechtigt 
ist 
und 
bei der 
bzw. bei 
dem der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger ein Wertpapierkonto betreffend die Hypothekenpfandbriefe unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
(8) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (Gemeinsamer Vertreter) bestellen, der dann die Rechte der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger 
namens jedes einzelnen Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigers ausübt. Jede geschäftsfähige natürliche Person 
oder qualifizierte juristische Person kann als Gemeinsamer Vertreter tätig werden. Jede Person, die: 
(a) 
Mitglied 
des 
Verwaltungsrats, 
Aufsichtsrats, 
Vorstands 
oder 
eines 
vergleichbaren 
Gesellschaftsgremiums der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist oder 
dort ein Gesellschaftsamt bekleidet oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; 
(b) 
eine Beteiligung von mindestens 20 % am Aktienkapital der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen hält; 
(c) 
Finanzgläubiger der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist, mit einer 
Forderung, deren Betrag mindestens 20 % der ausstehenden Hypothekenpfandbriefe entspricht, 
oder bei einem solchen Finanzgläubiger als Mitglied eines Gesellschaftsgremiums, in leitender 
oder verantwortlicher Position oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; oder  
(d) 
aufgrund einer besonderen persönlichen Beziehung zu irgendeiner der unter (i) bis (iii) genannten 
Personen der Kontrolle durch eine solche Person unterworfen ist;  
muss die maßgeblichen Umstände den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern gegenüber offenlegen, bevor er 
als Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. Treten solche Umstände nach der Ernennung zum Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter ein, so wird der Gemeinsame Vertreter die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger unverzüglich in 
angemessener Form hiervon unterrichten. 
(9) 
Dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter kommen die Pflichten und Kompetenzen zu, die ihm das Gesetz oder die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger per Mehrheitsbeschluss einräumen. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat sich 
nach den Weisungen der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger zu richten. Insoweit als der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter bevollmächtigt wurde, bestimmte Rechte der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger geltend zu 
machen, sind die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger nicht berechtigt, diese Rechte selbst in Anspruch zu 
nehmen, es sei denn, der betreffende Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter hat den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern Bericht über seine Tätigkeiten zu erstatten.  
(10) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter haftet den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern gegenüber in deren Eigenschaft 
als Gesamtgläubiger für die Erfüllung seiner Pflichten, die er mit der Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen 
Geschäftsleiters auszuüben hat. [Falls der Beschluss der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger eine 
Beschränkung der Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters vorsieht, einfügen: Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters kann im Wege eines von den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern verabschiedeten 
Beschlusses beschränkt werden.][Falls die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters auf einen festen Betrag 
beschränkt ist, einfügen: Die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf einen Betrag des [[Betrag 
einfügen]-fachen 
seiner 
Jahresvergütung] 
[Betrag 
einfügen] 
beschränkt.] 
Die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger entscheiden über die Geltendmachung von Schadensersatzansprüchen 
seitens der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gegenüber dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter. 
(11) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann von den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern jederzeit auch ohne Angabe 
von Gründen von seinem Amt enthoben werden. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann bei der Emittentin um 
sämtliche Auskünfte nachsuchen, die für die Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben erforderlich sind. Die Emittentin 
kommt für die Kosten und Aufwendungen auf, die mit der Ernennung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
verbunden sind, und zwar einschließlich der angemessenen Vergütung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
 
Option II: Emissionsbedingungen für Variable Verzinsliche Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
§ 1 
(Serie, Form der Hypothekenpfandbriefe, Ausgabe weiterer Hypothekenpfandbriefe) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (Serie) von Hypothekenpfandbriefen (hypoteční zástavní listy; im Weiteren nur 
(Hypothekenpfandbriefe) der Raiffeisenbank a.s. (Emittentin) wird am [Ausgabetag einfügen] 
(Ausgabetag) 
in 
Form 
von 
Inhaberhypothekenpfandbriefen 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
dieser 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen (Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen) in [Festgelegte Währung 
einfügen] (Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] 
(Gesamtnennbetrag) in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (Festgelegte 
Stückelung) begeben. 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wird, einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind anfänglich in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde (Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag (Austauschtag) nach dem Ausgabetag nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen, wonach der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe keine U.S.-Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder Personen, die Hypothekenpfandbriefe über solche Finanzinstitute halten) 
(Bescheinigungen 
über 
Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum), 
gegen 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(Dauerglobalurkunde und, zusammen mit der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, Globalurkunden und 
einzeln jeweils eine Globalurkunde) ausgetauscht. [Falls Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear als 
Clearingsystem bestimmt sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Details eines solchen Austausches werden in den 
Büchern der ICSDs (wie nachfolgend definiert) geführt.]  
Die Inhaber der Hypothekenpfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch 
auf Ausgabe von Hypothekenpfandbriefen in effektiver Form. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind als 
Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems 
übertragbar. Die Zinsansprüche sind durch die Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft. 
U.S.-Personen sind solche, wie sie in Regulation S des United States Securities Act of 1933 definiert 
sind und umfassen insbesondere Gebietsansässige der Vereinigten Staaten sowie amerikanische Kapital- 
und Personengesellschaften.] 
Jede Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten 
Vertretern der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der 
Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert).] 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag, einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft 
(Dauerglobalurkunde oder Globalurkunde), die die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften 
von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert) trägt. Die Inhaber der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe von 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen in effektiver Form. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind als Miteigentums-anteile 
an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems übertragbar. Die 
Zinsansprüche sind durch die Globalurkunde verbrieft.] 
(3) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt. Clearingsystem 
sind Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg (Clearstream, Luxemburg) und Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear)][(Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear sind jeweils ein ICSD (International Central 
Securities Depository) und gemeinsam die ICSDs)].

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde keine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden in Classical Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde eine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden in New Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (Common Safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. Der Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe entspricht dem jeweils in den Büchern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Hypothekenpfandbriefen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem 
ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
ist zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in die Bücher der ICSDs 
eingetragen und nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen 
und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Hypothekenpfandbriefe abgezogen. [Falls die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe aufgrund eines optionalen Kündigungsrechts teilweise zurückgezahlt werden 
können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der ICSDs im Fall der optionalen Rückzahlung (wie in 
§ 3 definiert) hinsichtlich einer teilweisen Rückzahlung wird der ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) entweder als Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem 
Ermessen der ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
Die Emittentin darf ohne Zustimmung der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger weitere 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe mit gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen zusammengefasst werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Hypothekenpfandbriefe erhöhen. Der Begriff "Hypothekenpfandbriefe" umfasst 
im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung auch solche zusätzlich begebenen Hypothekenpfandbriefe. 
§ 2 
(Verzinsung) 
(1) 
Die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) [für jede Zinsperiode] bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 3 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) [im Falle, dass eine 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung anwendbar ist und der Zinssatz während der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nicht 
angepasst werden soll, einfügen: oder, im Falle einer Fälligkeitsverschiebung, bis zum Verlängerten 
Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 3 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich)] zum Zinssatz pro Jahr [im Falle, 
dass eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung anwendbar ist und der Zinssatz während der Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
angepasst werden soll, einfügen: zum Zinssatz pro Jahr und, in dem Zeitraum vom Fälligkeitstag (wie 
nachstehend in § 3 (1) definiert) (einschließlich) bis zum Verlängerten Fällikgeitstag (wie nachstehend 
in § 3 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) in Übereinstimmung mit nachstehendem § 3 ( 8) verzinst. Der 
jeweilige Zinsbetrag wird, vorbehaltlich einer Verschiebung gemäß der Konvention für Bankarbeitstage 
[Wenn eine Anpassung (wie in § 4 bestimmt) erfolgt einfügen: oder einer Anpassung], gemäß 
§ 4 ([2][3]) nachträglich an jedem Zinszahltag gemäß den Bestimmungen des § 4 (1) zur Zahlung fällig.

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
 
Zinszahltag ist 
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
für den Zeitraum, in dem die Hypothekenpfandbriefe fest verzinst werden (Festzinszeitraum), 
jeder [festgelegtes Zinszahlungsdatum einfügen] [eines Jahres] 
und für den Zeitraum, in dem die Hypothekenpfandbriefe variabel verzinst werden (Variable 
Zinszeitraum): 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen einfügen:  
 
jeder [festen Zinszahltag einfügen] [jedes Jahres] [und der Fälligkeitstag oder, im 
Falle einer Fälligkeitsverschiebung, der Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag], beginnend mit 
[ersten Zinszahltag einfügen, der in den Variablen Zinszeitraum fällt].] 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszeiträumen einfügen: 
 
jeder Tag, der (sofern nicht in diesen Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen 
anderweitig festgelegt) [Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem 
vorangegangenen Zinszahltag [sowie der Fälligkeitstag oder, im Falle einer 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung, der Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag], beginnend mit [ersten 
Zinszahltag einfügen, der in den Variablen Zinszeitraum fällt].] 
[Im Fall von anderen als fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
Bei festen Zinszahltagen einfügen:  
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen ohne einen ersten langen/kurzen Kupon einfügen:  
 
jeder [feste(n) Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] [sowie 
der Fälligkeitstag oder, im Falle einer Fälligkeitsverschiebung, der 
Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag]]  
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen mit erstem langen/kurzen Kupon einfügen: 
 
Der erste Zinszahltag und danach [jeder][der] [feste(n) Zinszahltag(e) 
einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] [sowie der Fälligkeitstag oder, im Falle 
einer Fälligkeitsverschiebung, der Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag].]

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinsperioden einfügen:  
 
jeder Tag, der (sofern nicht in diesen Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen 
anderweitig festgelegt) [Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem 
vorangegangenen Zinszahltag oder, im Fall des ersten Zinszahltags, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt [, sowie der Fälligkeitstag].] 
Zinsperiode ist jeder Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich) und von jedem Zinszahltag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils folgenden Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich).  
[Im Fall von Bildschirmfeststellung einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Der Zinssatz (Zinssatz)  
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
während des Festzinszeitraums ist für jede in den Festzinszeitraum fallende 
Zinsperiode [festen Zinssatz in % pro Jahr einfügen]  
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, einfügen:, wobei sich der 
Zinsbetrag für die erste Zinsperiode auf [[Bruchteilszinsbetrag einfügen] je 
festgelegte Stückelung beläuft] [[Bruchteilszinsbetrag einfügen] bezogen auf 
den Gesamtnennbetrag beläuft].] 
Der Zinssatz während des Variablen Zinszeitraums ist für jede in den 
Variablen Zinszeitraum fallende Zinsperiode, soweit nicht nachstehend 
anders angegeben,] 
[Im Fall von anderen als fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen:  
 
für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders angegeben]  
der Referenzsatz [Im Falle eines Faktor einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor],] [Im Falle 
einer Marge einfügen:, [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge].  
[Im Falle einer Marge einfügen: Marge ist [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
Referenzsatz ist  
[Im Fall von Hypothekenpfandbriefen außer Constant Maturity Swap (CMS) variabel 
verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen:] 
 
der [[Zahl einfügen]-Monats [Euribor] [Zahl einfügen]-Monats [Pribor] 
Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr) für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz 
einfügen: Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager] 
Zeit am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird] [Im Fall von

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
 
SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen: der "Sterling Overnight Index Average" 
(SONIA®) für den jeweiligen Londoner Bankarbeitstag, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite 
um 
9.00 
Uhr 
(Londoner 
Zeit) 
am 
relevanten 
Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante 
Zinsperiode gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily SONIA® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu 
berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit dem täglichen SONIA® als 
Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
d 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Londoner Bankarbeitstage 
in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins 
bis do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen 
Londoner Bankarbeitstag vom, und einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
Londoner 
Bankarbeitstages 
der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
p 
 
 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]; 
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem 
folgenden 
Londoner 
Bankarbeitstag 
(ausschließlich); 
SONIA®i-pLBD  
bezeichnet für jeden Londoner Bankarbeitstag in 
dem jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum den SONIA® 
Referenzsatz an dem Londoner Bankarbeitstag, der 
"p" Londoner Bankarbeitstage vor dem jeweiligen 
Londoner Bankarbeitstag "i" liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
Londoner 
Bankarbeitstage vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher fünf Londoner Bankarbeitstage vor dem 
Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt 
(oder den Tag, der fünf Londoner Bankarbeitstage 
vor einem solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls 
vorhanden), an dem die Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
[Im Fall von SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die "US-Dollar Overnight 
Financing Rate" (SOFR®) für den jeweiligen US Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstag, die ab 17.00 Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) am relevanten 
Zinsfeststellungstag 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
erscheint, 
wobei 
ein

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
 
Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode nach der folgenden Formel 
berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily SOFR® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu 
berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der täglichen SOFR® als 
Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
d 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der US Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins 
bis do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstag 
vom, 
und 
einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstages 
der 
jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode 
wiedergeben; 
p 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]; 
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem folgenden US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag 
(ausschließlich); 
SOFR®i-pUSBD  
bezeichnet 
für 
jeden 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstag 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum den SOFR® Referenzsatz an 
dem US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag, der "p" US 
Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage vor dem jeweiligen 
US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag "i" liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), welcher fünf US Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstage vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher fünf US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage vor 
dem Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt 
(oder den Tag, der fünf US Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstage vor einem solchen früheren Tag 
liegt 
(falls 
vorhanden), 
an 
dem 
die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
[Im Fall €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die "Euro short-term rate" 
(€STR®) für den jeweiligen TARGET-Bankarbeitstag entspricht, die ab 9.00 
Uhr (Brüsseler Zeit) am relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, wobei ein 
Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode nach der folgenden Formel 
berechnet wird.

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
 
Compounded Daily €STR® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu 
berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der täglichen €STR® als 
Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
d 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der TARGET-Bankarbeitstage 
in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis 
do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen 
TARGET-Bankarbeitstag vom, und einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
TARGET-Bankarbeitstages 
der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
p 
  
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen].  
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem 
folgenden 
TARGET-Bankarbeitstag 
(ausschließlich); 
€STR®i-pTBD  
bezeichnet für jeden TARGET-Bankarbeitstag in dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
den 
€STR® 
Referenzsatz an dem TARGET-Bankarbeitstag, der 
"p" TARGET-Bankarbeitstage vor dem jeweiligen 
TARGET-Bankarbeitstag "i" liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
TARGET-
Bankarbeitstage vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher fünf TARGET-Bankarbeitstage vor dem 
Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder 
den Tag, der fünf TARGET-Bankarbeitstage vor 
einem solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an 
dem die Hypothekenpfandbriefe fällig und zahlbar 
werden).  
[Falls erforderlich wird der ermittelte Prozentsatz auf- oder abgerundet auf 
die fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird.] 
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation 
angewandt werden soll, einfügen:  
 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem ersten 
Zinszahltag endet, für die der Referenzsatz gebildet wird 
anhand der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor-]  [Zahl einfügen]-Monats [Pribor] Angebotssatz und

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
 
des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] [Zahl einfügen]-
Monats [Pribor] Angebotssatz (jeweils ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz pro Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen in der Festgelegten 
Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf 
der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit am entsprechenden 
Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)]  
[Im Fall eines letzten kurzen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation angewandt 
werden soll, einfügen:  
 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem 
Fälligkeitstag endet, für die der Referenzsatz gebildet wird 
anhand der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor-]  [Zahl einfügen]-Monats [Pribor] Angebotssatz und 
des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] [Zahl einfügen]-
Monats [Pribor] Angebotssatz (jeweils ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz pro Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen in der Festgelegten 
Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf 
der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit am entsprechenden 
Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)]  
[Im Fall des Euribor oder des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur 
Verfügung stehen oder kein Angebotssatz angezeigt werden, so 
wird die Berechnungsstelle jede[r] Referenzbank bitten, ihren 
Satz, zu dem sie führenden Banken im [Im Fall des Euribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-Zone] 
[Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager 
Interbanken-Markt] gegen 11:00 Uhr, [Im Fall des Euribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit, am entsprechenden 
Zinsfeststellungstag Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für 
die entsprechende Zinsperiode in Höhe eines repräsentativen 
Betrags anbieten, zur Verfügung zu stellen. 
Falls mindestens zwei Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle 
solche Angebote zur Verfügung stellen, ist der Referenzsatz für 
die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel dieser 
Angebotssätze (falls erforderlich, gerundet auf den nächsten [Im 
Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: eintausendstel 
Prozentpunkt, wobei 0,0005] [Im Fall des Pribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: einhunderttausendstel Prozentpunkt, 
wobei 0,000005] aufgerundet wird). 
Falls an einem Zinsfeststellungstag nur eine oder keine 
Referenzbank der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebote zur 
Verfügung stellt, ist der entsprechende Referenzsatz das 
arithmetische Mittel (wie oben beschrieben gerundet) der Sätze, 
zu denen Großbanken in [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz 
einfügen: der Euro-Zone] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz 
einfügen: Prag], die durch die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
 
Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) ausgewählt wurden, gegen 11:00 Uhr 
[Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler Zeit] 
[Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager Zeit] an 
diesem Zinsfeststellungstag führenden europäischen Banken 
Darlehen in der Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende 
Zinsperiode in Höhe eines repräsentativen Betrags anbieten. 
[Im Fall des SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt, ist SONIA®: (i) der Zinssatz der Bank of England 
(Einlagenzinssatz), der bei Geschäftsschluss am jeweiligen 
Londoner Bankarbeitstag gilt; plus (ii) der Mittelwert der 
Zinsspannen von SONIA® zum Einlagenzinssatz der letzten 
fünf Tage, an denen SONIA® veröffentlicht wurde, mit 
Ausnahme der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als 
eine höchste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser höchsten 
Zinsspannen) und der niedrigsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es 
mehr als eine niedrigste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser 
niedrigsten Zinsspannen) zum Einlagenzinssatz. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich die 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den Fall, dass die Bank of 
England Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von SONIA® oder (ii) 
zu einem Satz, der SONIA® ersetzen soll, veröffentlicht, in 
einem Umfang, der vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, 
solchen Leitlinien zur Bestimmung von SONIA® für die 
Zwecke der Hypothekenpfandbriefe anschließen, so lange 
wie SONIA® nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten 
Stellen veröffentlicht worden ist. 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt 
werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn 
es keinen solchen vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstag 
gibt, 
der 
Ausgangszinssatz 
sein, 
der 
für 
solche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar 
gewesen wäre, wären die Hypothekenpfandbriefe für einen 
Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode bis 
zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
[Im Fall des SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt, und (1) sofern nicht sowohl ein SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignis 
als 
auch 
ein 
SOFR® 
Index 
Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der SOFR® des letzten US 
Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstags, an dem der SOFR® auf der 
Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht wurde; oder (2) wenn ein SOFR® 
Index 
Einstellungsereignis 
und 
ein 
SOFR® 
Index 
Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der Zinssatz (einschließlich 
etwaiger Zinsspannen oder Anpassungen), der als Ersatz für den 
SOFR® vom Federal Reserve Board und/oder der Federal

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
 
Reserve Bank of New York oder einem Ausschuss festgelegt 
wurde, der vom Federal Reserve Board und/oder der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen 
wurde, um einen Ersatz für den Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (der von einer Federal Reserve Bank oder einer anderen 
zuständigen Behörde festgelegt werden kann) vorzugeben, 
vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb eines 
US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstags nach dem SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde, der Zinssatz für jeden 
Zinsfeststellungstag an oder nach dem SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (i) Bezugnahmen auf 
SOFR® Bezugnahmen auf OBFR wären, (ii) Bezugnahmen auf 
US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage Bezugnahmen auf New 
York Bankarbeitstage wären, (iii) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® 
Index Einstellungsereignisse Bezugnahmen auf OBFR Index 
Einstellungsereignisse wären und (iv) Bezugnahmen auf 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtage Bezugnahmen auf OBFR 
Index Einstellungsstichtage wären und weiterhin vorausgesetzt, 
dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb eines US 
Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstags nach dem SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde und ein OBFR Index 
Einstellungsereignis 
vorliegt, 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
jeden 
Zinsfeststellungstag an oder nach dem SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (x) Bezugnahmen auf 
den SOFR® Bezugnahmen auf die FOMC Target Rate wären, 
(y) Verweise auf US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage Verweise 
auf New York Bankarbeitstage wären und (z) Verweise auf die 
Bildschirmseite Verweise auf die Website der Federal Reserve 
wären. 
Wobei insofern gilt:  
FOMC Target Rate bezeichnet den kurzfristigen Zinssatz 
festgesetzt durch das Federal Open Market Committee auf der 
Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder, wenn das 
Federal 
Open 
Market 
Committee 
keinen 
einzelnen 
Referenzzinssatz avisiert, das Mittel des kurzfristigen 
Zinssatzes festgesetzt durch das Federal Open Market 
Committee auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (berechnet als arithmetisches Mittel zwischen der oberen 
Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite und der unteren Grenze der Ziel-
Bandbreite). 
U.S. Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet jeden Tag, 
ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder einen Tag, für den die 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association die 
ganztägliche Schließung der Abteilungen für festverzinsliche 
Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit 
US-Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
OBFR bezeichnet in Bezug auf jeden Zinsfeststellungstag die 
tägliche Overnight Bank Funding Rate hinsichtlich des jenem 
Zinsfeststellungstag 
vorangehenden 
New 
Yorker 
Bankarbeitstags, wie von der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York als Administrator (oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator) 
eines solchen Referenzzinssatzes auf der Website der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York gegen 17:00 Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) 
an einem solchen Zinsfeststellungstag zur Verfügung gestellt 
wird.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
 
OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag bezeichnet in Bezug auf das 
OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, an dem die 
Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(oder 
eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators der Overnight Bank Funding Rate) die 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder 
der Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht 
mehr genutzt werden kann.  
OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines 
oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse:  
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der OBFR), 
die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die 
OBFR 
nicht 
mehr 
bestimmt 
oder 
bestimmen 
wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) 
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche 
hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der OBFR) dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder 
bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur 
Verfügung stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
durch 
eine 
US 
Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche Stelle der 
USA, welche die Anwendung der OBFR verbietet, wobei sich 
dieses Verbot u.a. (aber keineswegs ausschließlich) auf 
festverzinsliche Wertpapiere und Derivate erstreckt, insoweit 
diese öffentliche Erklärung von der International Swaps and 
Derivatives 
Association, 
Inc., 
als 
"OBFR 
Index 
Einstellungsereignis" (OBFR Index Cessation Event) öffentlich 
anerkannt wurde gemäß den von der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. herausgegebenen 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (in der zum Ausgabetag bzw. ggfs. Einem anderen, 
in den Endgültigen Bedingungen bestimmten Datum geltenden 
Fassung) (ISDA-Definitionen). 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag meint in Bezug auf das 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die 
Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht 
oder den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden kann.  
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines 
oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate), die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, 
dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der 
weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur 
Verfügung stellt; oder

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche 
hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder 
bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
durch 
eine 
US 
Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche Stelle der 
USA, welche die Anwendung der Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate verbietet, wobei sich dieses Verbot u.a. (aber keineswegs 
ausschließlich) auf festverzinsliche Wertpapiere und Derivate 
erstreckt, insoweit diese öffentliche Erklärung von der 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., als ein 
"SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis" (SOFR Index Cessation 
Event) im Sinne der ISDA-Definitionen öffentlich anerkannt 
wurde.] 
[Im Fall des €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
€STR®i ist: (i) der Satz, der zuletzt vor dem jeweiligen 
Zinsfeststellungstag 
auf 
der 
[Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wurde. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich [die 
Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den Fall, dass die Europäische 
Zentralbank Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von €STR® oder (ii) 
zu einem Satz, der €STR®i ersetzen soll, veröffentlicht, in einem 
Umfang, der vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, solchen 
Leitlinien zur Bestimmung von €STR®i anschließen, so lange 
wie €STR®i für die Zwecke der Hypothekenpfandbriefe nicht 
verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht 
worden ist.  
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen von [der Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt 
werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es 
keinen solchen vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der 
Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer 
wie die erste Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
Zinsfeststellungstag bezeichnet den [zweiten] [ersten] [letzten] [andere 
Zahl von Tagen einfügen] [Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der 
€STR® ist, einfügen: TARGET] [Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, 
einfügen: Londoner] [Falls der Referenzsatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: US 
Staatsanleihen] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag [vor] 
[Beginn] [Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: 
TARGET-Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder Sonntag), an dem T2 zur Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet 
ist.]

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: [Londoner] [Falls der 
Referenzsatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: US Staatsanleihen] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in [Falls der 
Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: London] [Falls der Referenzsatz der 
SOFR® ist, einfügen: New York] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für 
Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.] 
[Falls T2 anwendbar ist, einfügen: T2 ist das vom Eurosystem betriebene 
Echtzeit-Bruttoabwicklungssystem oder jedes Nachfolgesystem.] 
Bildschirmseite ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine diese 
Seite ersetzende Seite). 
Referenzbanken sind vier Großbanken im [Im Fall des Euribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-Zone], die von der 
Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) bestimmt werden. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor ist, einfügen: Euro-Zone bezeichnet die 
Staaten und Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 974/98 des 
Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die Einführung des Euro, in ihrer jeweils 
aktuellen Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den [Referenzsatz] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] nicht mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der 
Administrator des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] die 
Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der 
Administrator 
des 
[Referenzsatzes] 
[SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] 
[€STR®] 
zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- 
oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den 
Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet 
wurde, oder (iv) der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
anderweitig eingestellt ist (jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der 
[Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] durch einen von der Emittentin 
festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte (I) bis (IV) (in dieser 
Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden (Nachfolge-Referenzsatz):  
(I) 
Der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch den 
[Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] ersetzt werden, der durch den 
Administrator des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], die 
zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als 
Nachfolge- Referenzsatz für den [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] und für die Dauer des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] bekannt gegeben wird und der in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem 
Recht genutzt werden darf; oder (wenn ein solcher Nachfolge- Referenzsatz 
nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(II) der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen 
alternativen 
Referenzsatz 
ersetzt 
werden, 
der 
üblicherweise 
(in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
geltendem 
Recht) 
als 
Referenzsatz 
für 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe in der jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer 
Laufzeit verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; oder (falls ein solcher 
alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann);  
(III) der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen 
Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit 
geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz (x) für Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel 
verzinslich) in der relevanten Währung, oder (y) für börsengehandelte

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
 
Zinsfutures mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird; oder (falls ein 
solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann) 
(IV) der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen 
Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der von der Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke einer 
solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, die 
Meinung eines renommierten, unabhängigen Finanzberaters oder einer 
Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlichen 
Berechnungsarten Erfahrung hat), einzuholen und auf diese zu vertrauen) 
nach billigem Ermessen unter Berücksichtigung der Dauer des 
[Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] und der jeweiligen Währung in 
wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen 
Marktzinsniveau zum relevanten Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle 
in Verbindung mit einem solchen Nachfolge- Referenzsatz verwendet 
werden soll (Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite). Ab dem Zeitpunkt der 
Bestimmung des Nachfolge- Referenzsatzes (maßgebliche Zeitpunkt) gilt 
jede Bezugnahme auf den [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] als 
Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolge- Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme auf die 
Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die Bestimmungen 
dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Die Emittentin informiert anschließend 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gemäß § 11.  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] durch einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz kann die Emittentin einen 
Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei der 
Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags 
angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem 
wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der Hypothekenpfandbriefe vor Eintritt des 
Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und das sich nicht zum wirtschaftlichen 
Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] nicht wie oben beschrieben gemäß der Punkte (I) bis (IV) 
durch die Emittentin ersetzt werden kann, kann die Emittentin die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
ganz 
[oder 
teilweise] 
zurückzahlen. 
Die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden entsprechend der Vorschriften des § 4 zum 
Nennbetrag 
zurückgezahlt, 
zusammen 
mit 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufenen Zinsen. Die Emittentin wird den 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern gemäß § 11 eine solche Kündigung 
mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
entscheidet, gilt als Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem 
Einstellungsereignis bis zum Rückzahlungstag [der für die unmittelbar 
vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der Angebotssatz oder das 
arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie 
vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfeststellungstag, an 
dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall eines Faktors 
einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die relevante 
Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle einer Marge, die zuzüglich des 
Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der ermittelte Angebotssatz 
einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so dass er die 
Marge verringert.] Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null)][●]. Sofern

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
 
sich die Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
entscheidet, findet derselbe Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem 
Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.] 
[Im Fall von CMS variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
der [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant Maturity Swap 
Satz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr), der auf der Bildschirmseite zur 
Referenzsatzzeit am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag angezeigt wird, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.  
Bildschirmseite ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine diese 
Seite ersetzende Seite). 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder kein [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant 
Maturity Swap Satz angezeigt werden, so wird die Berechnungsstelle die 
Referenzbanken bitten, ihre [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres-
CMS-Sätze ungefähr zur Referenzsatzzeit am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag 
bereitzustellen. 
Falls [Anzahl einfügen] Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche 
Angebote zur Verfügung stellen, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel dieser Angebotssätze (falls erforderlich, 
gerundet auf den nächsten einhunderttausendstel Prozentpunkt, wobei 
0,000005 aufgerundet wird), wobei das höchste (oder, bei mehreren höchsten, 
eines davon) und das niedrigste (oder, bei mehreren niedrigsten, eines davon) 
Angebot gestrichen werden. 
Referenzsatzzeit ist [Referenzsatzzeit einfügen]. 
Referenzbanken sind fünf führende Swaphändler im Interbanken-Markt, die 
von der Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen bestimmt werden (§ 315 BGB). 
Zinsfeststellungstag ist der [zweite] [erste] [letzte] [andere Anzahl einfügen] 
[TARGET] [London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag [vor 
dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Im Fall von TARGET Bankarbeitstag einfügen: TARGET Bankarbeitstag 
ist ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem T2 zur Abwicklung 
von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET Bankarbeitstagen: [Londoner] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in London] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und 
Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]. 
[Falls TARGET anwendbar ist, einfügen: T2 ist das vom Eurosystem 
betriebene 
Echtzeit-Bruttoabwicklungssystem 
oder 
jedes 
Nachfolgesystem..] 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den Referenzsatz nicht 
mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der Administrator des Referenzsatzes die 
Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes dauerhaft oder für eine 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs-

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
 
oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den 
Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet 
wurde, oder (iv) der Referenzsatz anderweitig eingestellt ist (jeweils ein 
Einstellungsereignis), soll der Referenzsatz durch einen von der Emittentin 
festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte (I) bis (IV) (in dieser 
Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden (Nachfolge-Referenzsatz):  
(I) 
Der Referenzsatz soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der durch 
den Administrator des Referenzsatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine 
Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge- Referenzsatz für den 
Referenzsatz und für die Dauer des Referenzsatzes bekannt gegeben wird 
und der in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf; oder 
(wenn ein solcher Nachfolge- Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(II) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen alternativen Referenzsatz ersetzt 
werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als 
Referenzsatz für Hypothekenpfandbriefe in der jeweiligen Währung mit 
vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; oder 
(falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann);  
(III) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der 
üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz 
(x) für Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel verzinslich) in der relevanten Währung, 
oder (y) für börsengehandelte Zinsfutures mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit 
verwendet wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht 
bestimmt werden kann) 
(IV) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der von der 
Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber 
nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung eines renommierten, 
unabhängigen Finanzberaters oder einer Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
erforderlichen 
Berechnungsarten 
Erfahrung 
hat, 
einzuholen und auf diese zu vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter 
Berücksichtigung der Dauer des Referenzsatzes und der jeweiligen Währung 
in wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen 
Marktzinsniveau zum relevanten Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle 
in Verbindung mit einem solchen Nachfolge- Referenzsatz verwendet 
werden soll (Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite). Ab dem Zeitpunkt der 
Bestimmung des Nachfolge- Referenzsatzes (maßgebliche Zeitpunkt) gilt 
jede Bezugnahme auf den Referenzsatz als Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolge- 
Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom 
maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-
Bildschirmseite, 
und 
die 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Absatzes 
gelten 
entsprechend. 
Die 
Emittentin 
informiert 
anschließend 
die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gemäß § 11.  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes durch einen Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz kann die Emittentin einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch 
oder Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei 
der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel ein 
Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe vor Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist 
und das sich nicht zum wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der Referenzsatz nicht wie oben 
beschrieben gemäß der Punkte (I) bis (IV) durch die Emittentin ersetzt 
werden kann, kann die Emittentin die Hypothekenpfandbriefe ganz [oder

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
 
teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden entsprechend 
der Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen mit 
etwaigen bis zum Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufenen Zinsen. Die Emittentin 
wird den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern gemäß § 11 eine solche 
Kündigung mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
entscheidet, gilt als Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem 
Einstellungsereignis bis zum Rückzahlungstag [der für die unmittelbar 
vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der Angebotssatz oder das 
arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie 
vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfeststellungstag, an 
dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall eines Faktors 
einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die relevante 
Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle einer Marge, die zuzüglich des 
Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der ermittelte Angebotssatz 
einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so dass er die 
Marge verringert.] Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null)][●]. Sofern 
sich die Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
entscheidet, findet derselbe Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem 
Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.] 
[Im Fall von ISDA Determination einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Der Zinssatz (Zinssatz)  
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
ist während des Festzinszeitraums für jede Zinsperiode in dem Festzinszeitraum 
[Festzinssatz in % pro Jahr einfügen]. 
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, einfügen:, wobei sich der Zinsbetrag 
für die erste Zinsperiode auf [[Bruchteilszinsbetrag einfügen] je festgelegte 
Stückelung 
beläuft] 
[[Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
einfügen] 
bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag beläuft].]  
Der Zinssatz während des Variablen Zinszeitraums ist für jede in den Variablen 
Zinszeitraum fallende Zinsperiode, soweit nicht nachstehend anders angegeben,] 
[Im Fall von anderen als fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen:  
 
für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders beschrieben] 
der maßgebliche ISDA-Satz [Im Falle eines Faktor einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor einfügen]], 
[Im Falle einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
[Die Marge beträgt [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
ISDA-Satz bezeichnet für eine Zinsperiode einen Satz, der dem variablen Zinssatz entspricht, der 
vom Calculation Agent im Rahmen einer Zinsswap-Transaktion bestimmt werden würde, wenn

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
 
der Calculation Agent für diese Swap-Transaktion als Berechnungsstelle handeln würde, und zwar 
gemäß den Bestimmungen einer Vereinbarung, die die ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
von 2021 in der zum Ausgabetag geltenden, aktualisierten und von der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. auf deren Website unter 
www.isda.org (oder einer 
Nachfolgewebsite) veröffentlichten Fassung (die ISDA Definitionen) zum Vertragsbestandteil 
erklärt, und gemäß der:  
(a) 
die Variable Zinssatz-Option entspricht [Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen], 
(b) 
die bezeichnete Laufzeit eine Periode [Periode von/bis einfügen] ist, und  
(c) 
das relevante Reset-Datum [Wenn die anwendbare Variable Zinssatz-Option auf dem Euro-
Zone Interbanken Angebotssatz ("Euribor") oder dem Prager Interbanken Angebotssatz 
("Pribor") für eine Währung basiert: der erste Tag dieser Zinsperiode ist] [Wenn die 
maßgebliche Variable Zinssatz-Option für eine Währung nicht auf dem Euribor oder dem 
Pribor beruht, einfügen: [maßgebliches Datum einfügen]]. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes (2) haben (i) Variabler Zinssatz (Floating Rate), 
Berechnungsstelle (Calculation Agent), Variable Zinssatz-Option (Floating Rate Option), 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit (Designated Maturity) und Reset-Datum (Reset Date) dieselbe Bedeutung, 
die diesen Begriffen in den ISDA Definitionen beigemessen wird, und (ii) bezeichnet Euro-Zone 
die Staaten und Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 974/98 des Rates vom 3. Mai 
1998 über die Einführung des Euro, in ihrer jeweils aktuellen Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
[Im Fall eines Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatzes einfügen: (3) 
 
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes einfügen:] 
 
[Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen].] 
[Im Fall eines Höchstzinssatzes einfügen:] 
 
[Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen ermittelte 
Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen].]] 
[(3)][(4)] 
Der Zinsbetrag (Zinsbetrag) wird von der Berechnungsstelle berechnet, indem das Produkt 
aus Zinssatz und Zinstagequotient mit [der Festgelegten Stückelung] [dem Gesamtnennbetrag] 
multipliziert wird. 
[(4)][(5)] 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, jeder Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, jede Zinsperiode und der entsprechende Zinszahltag der Emittentin, der Hauptzahlstelle und 
jeder Börse, an der die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu diesem Zeitpunkt zugelassen sind oder gehandelt 
werden und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an diese Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst nach ihrer Feststellung 
aber keinesfalls später als am [vierten][Anzahl Tage einfügen] auf die Berechnung folgenden 
Bankarbeitstag mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können 
nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) der Berechnungsstelle der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahltag 
nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche 
Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an denen die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
zugelassen sind oder gehandelt werden, sowie den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern gemäß § 11 
mitgeteilt.

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem [Wenn 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn T2 aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: und T2 
für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: und 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren einfügen] 
abwickeln. 
[(5)][(6)] 
Zinstagequotient ist  
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA)einfügen: 
 
bei der Berechnung des auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief entfallenden Zinsbetrags für 
jeglichen Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen 
einfügen: innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] 
(Berechnungszeitraum): 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der gleich oder kürzer ist als die Zinsperiode, in die 
der Berechnungszeitraum fällt, einfügen:  
die Anzahl der Tage in dem Berechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der Zinsperiode, in die der 
Berechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die 
normalerweise in einem Jahr enden.] 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der länger ist als eine Zinsperiode einfügen:] 
  
die Summe: 
(a)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Zinsperiode fallen, in welcher der Berechnungszeitraum beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr; und 
(b)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die 
darauffolgende Zinsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) 
der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinsperioden in einem Jahr.] 
[Im Fall eines kurzen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven 
Zinszahltag einfügen] als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden.]  
[Im Fall eines langen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven 
Zinszahltag einfügen] jeweils als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden].] 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen:

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb 
des 
[Festzinszeitraums] 
[und 
des] 
[Variablen 
Zinszeitraums]] 
(Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls 
ein Teil dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der 
tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, 
dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden 
Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365), berechnet wie folgt:. 
Zinstagequotient = (DNLY/365) + (DLY/366) 
Wobei: 
DNLY die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen innerhalb dieses Berechnungszeitraums ist, die in ein 
Nicht-Schaltjahr fällt; und 
DLY die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen innerhalb dieses Berechnungszeitraums ist, die 
in ein Schaltjahr fällt.] 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb 
des 
[Festzinszeitraums] 
[und 
des] 
[Variablen 
Zinszeitraums]] 
(Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb 
des 
[Festzinszeitraums] 
[und 
des] 
[Variablen 
Zinszeitraums]] 
(Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360 , 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb 
des 
[Festzinszeitraums] 
[und 
des] 
[Variablen 
Zinszeitraums]] 
(Berechnungszeitraum): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der 
Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 
Tagen berechnet wird (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der 31. 
Tag eines Monats und der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist weder der 30. noch der 
31. eines Monats, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 
Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
ist der letzte Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage verlägerter Monat zu behandeln ist)..]

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360 (ISDA) oder 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2021 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb 
des 
[Festzinszeitraums] 
[und 
des] 
[Variablen 
Zinszeitraums]] 
(Berechnungszeitraum): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, 
diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist größer 
als 29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.]] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 (deutsche Zinsmethode), einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der 
Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 
Tagen berechnet wird, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages des 
Berechnungszeitraums (es sei denn, der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums, der am 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag endet, ist der letzte Tag im Monat Februar, in welchem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2021 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb 
des 
[Festzinszeitraums] 
[und 
des] 
[Variablen 
Zinszeitraums]] 
(Berechnungszeitraum): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel:

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
 
Zinstagequotient = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, 
diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall 
D2 gleich 30 ist.]] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 (ISDA) (nur, wenn ISDA 2000 Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen (deutsche 
Zinsmethode)) einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb 
des 
[Festzinszeitraums] 
[und 
des] 
[Variablen 
Zinszeitraums]] 
(Berechnungszeitraum): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, 
(i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall 
D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
 
Februars, jedoch nicht der Fälligkeitstag [im Falle, dass eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
anwendbar ist und der Zinssatz während der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nicht angepasst 
werden soll, einfügen: oder der Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag, falls anwendbar, oder (ii) diese 
Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist,  
jedoch in jedem solchen Fall unter dem Vorbehalt, dass die Anzahl der Tage des 
Berechnungszeitraumes vom ersten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (einschließlich) bis 
zum letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (ausschließlich) berechnet wird.] 
§ 3 
(Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag [, Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen, Rückzahlung aufgrund einer 
Gesetzwidrigkeit oder Ungültigkeit, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option), 
Verlängerter Fälligkeitstag)] 
[(1)]  Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden am [Falls ein Fälligkeitstag angegeben ist, einfügen: [Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen]] [Falls ein Fälligkeitsmonat angegeben ist, einfügen: der Zinszahltag, der im [Monat einfügen] 
[Jahr einfügen] liegt] (Fälligkeitstag) [falls eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung anwendbar ist: oder im Falle 
einer Fälligkeitsverschiebung am [ [Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag) 
in Höhe [der Festgelegten Stückelung] [des Gesamtnennbetrages] [anderer Betrag]13 (der 
Rückzahlungsbetrag) zur Rückzahlung fällig.. 
[Im Falle, dass eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
 
(2)  
Falls: 
(a) 
die Emittentin oder ein unfreiwilliger Blockadministrator (auf Tschechisch: nucený správce 
krytých bloků) es versäumen, nicht nach ihrem Ermessen, alle diese Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
vollständig zum Fälligkeitstag oder innerhalb von zwei Bankarbeitstagen nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
zurückzuzahlen, oder 
(b) 
ein in § 32a(1)(a) bis 32a(1)(d) (einschließlich) des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
aufgeführter Umstand in Bezug auf die Emittentin eintritt, oder 
(c) 
eine Krisenabwicklungsmaßnahme (opatření k řešení krize) in Bezug auf die Emittentin auferlegt 
wurde oder eine Herabschreibung oder Umwandlung von zulässigen Kapitalinstrumenten und 
zulässigen 
konzerninternen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
(odpis 
nebo 
konverze 
odepisovatelných 
kapitálových nástrojů a vnitroskupinových závazků) gegen die Emittentin im Einklang mit dem 
anwendbaren Recht für die Sanierung und Abwicklung auf den Finanzmärkten, oder 
(d) 
ein in Artikel 54 Absatz 1 Buchstabe a) Ziffer i) oder Artikel 54 Absatz 1 Buchstabe a) Ziffer ii) 
der CRR genannter Umstand in Bezug auf die Emittentin eintritt; oder 
(e) 
die Emittentin die in § 28aa des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes festgelegten 
Anforderungen an den Liquiditätsdeckungspuffer nicht erfüllt oder sie durch die vollständige 
Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe am Fälligkeitstag nicht die Liquiditätsanforderungen 
gemäß dem unmittelbar anwendbaren EU-Rechts erfüllen würde, 
wird die Fälligkeit der Hypothekenpfandbriefe und das Datum, zu dem diese Hypothekenpfandbriefe für 
die Zwecke dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen zur Rückzahlung anstehen, automatisch bis zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) verlängert (eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung). In einem solchen 
Fall ist die Emittentin berechtigt, den aus-stehenden Kapitalbetrag der Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu einem 
Zinszahltag zurückzuzahlen, der in einen beliebigen Monat nach dem Fälligkeitstag fällt, und zwar bis 
zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich). 
 
13 Entspricht mindestens der Höhe des Gesamtnennbetrags.

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
 
(3) 
Die Emittentin hat den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern (im Einklang mit § 11) und der Hauptzahlstelle 
mindestens fünf Bankarbeitstage vor dem Fälligkeitstag oder dem jeweiligen Zinszahltag mitzuteilen, ob 
sie beabsichtigt, den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der Hypothekenpfandbriefe ganz oder teilweise 
vollständig zurückzuzahlen. Unterlässt es die Emittentin, die jeweilige Person solcherart zu verständigen, 
so hat dies keine Auswirkungen auf die Gültigkeit und Wirksamkeit der etwaigen Verlängerung der 
Fälligkeit der Hypothekenpfandbriefe bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag. Die Hauptzahlstelle wird das 
Clearingsystem von der Mitteilung seitens der Emittentin (falls zutreffend) unverzüglich nach Erhalt (und 
jedenfalls 
innerhalb 
von 
mindestens 
drei 
Bankarbeitstagen 
vor 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe) verständigen. Zur Klarstellung: Falls die Hauptzahlstelle keine Mitteilung von 
der Emittentin gemäß diesem § 3 (3) erhalten hat, soll sich die Hauptzahlstelle darum bemühen, das 
Clearingsystem von dem Umstand zu informieren, dass die betreffenden Hypothekenpfandbriefe nicht 
zum Fälligkeitstag bzw. dem jeweiligen Zinszahltag zurückgezahlt werden.  
(4) 
Eine einmal erfolgte Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Hypothekenpfandbriefe gemäß § 3 (2) ist 
unwiderruflich. Soweit § 3 (2) anwendbar ist, stellt ein Versäumnis der Rückzahlung der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe am Fälligkeitstag (es sei denn, die Emittentin hat im Einklang mit § 3 (3) die 
Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe angezeigt) oder eine Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag gemäß § 3 (2) keinen Kündigungsgrund für 
irgendwelchen Zweck dar, und gibt keinem Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger das Recht, eine Zinszahlung, 
Kapital oder andere Zahlungen auf die betreffenden Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu erhalten, es sei denn, 
solche Zahlungen sind ausdrücklich in diesen Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen vorgesehen.  
(5) 
Wenn die Emittentin einen Teil und nicht den gesamten Betrag des ausstehenden Nennbetrags der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe an einem Zinszahltag, der in einen beliebigen Monat nach dem Fälligkeitstag fällt, 
zurückzahlt, werden die Rückzahlungserlöse anteilig über die Hypothekenpfandbriefe verteilt und der auf 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefe ausstehende Nennbetrag wird um die Höhe dieser Rückzahlung reduziert.  
(6) 
Solange eine dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefe noch in Umlauf ist, wird die Emittentin keine weiteren 
Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe begeben, es sei denn, die Erlöse aus der Emission solcher weiteren 
Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden von der Emittentin bei der Begebung dazu verwendet, die 
betreffenden Hypothekenpfandbriefe im Einklang mit diesen Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen 
vollständig oder teilweise zu tilgen.  
(7) 
§§ 3 (2) bis (6) finden nur Anwendung, falls die Hypothekenpfandbriefe automatisch im Einklang mit 
§ 3 (2) bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag verlängert werden.] 
[Im Falle, dass der Zinssatz während der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nicht angepasst werden soll, einfügen: 
 
(8) 
Die verschobenen Zahlungen sind für die Dauer der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nach den bis zur 
Verschiebung geltenden Bedingungen zu verzinsen.] 
[Im Fall, dass der Zinssatz während der Fälligkeitsverschiebung auf einen variablen Zinssatz umgestellt 
werden soll, einfügen: 
 
(8) 
Die verschobenen Zahlungen sind für die Dauer der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nach den folgenden 
Regelungen zu verzinsen. 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen, einfügen: 
Zinszahltag bezeichnet jeden Tag, der (es sei denn in den Anleihebedingungen ist etwas anderes 
festgelegt) [Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vorherigen Zinszahltag oder im Fall eines ersten 
Zinszahlungstags nach dem Fälligkeitstag, nach dem Fälligkeitstag und dem Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag 
liegt.

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
 
Zinszeitraum bezeichnet jeden Zeitraum vom Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinszahltag (ausschließlich) und von jedem Zinszahltag (einschließlich) bis zum nachfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich).] 
[Im Fall von Bildschirmfeststellung, einfügen: 
 
Der Zinssatz für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders angegeben, der Referenzsatz [Im 
Fall eines Faktors einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor],] [Im Fall einer Marge einfügen:, [zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] der Marge].  
[Im Fall einer Marge einfügen: Marge ist [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
Referenzsatz bezeichnet  
[Im Fall von Hypothekenpfandbriefen außer Constant Maturity Swap (CMS) variabel verzinslichen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
[Im Fall von Hypothekenpfandbriefen, bei denen der Referenzsatz nicht SONIA®, SOFR® oder €STR® ist, 
einfügen: der [[Zahl einfügen]-Monats [Euribor] [[Zahl einfügen]-Monats [Pribor] Angebotssatz 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr) für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende 
Zinsperiode, der auf der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit am entsprechenden 
Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird]] [Im Fall von SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen: der Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA®) für den jeweiligen Londoner Bankgeschäftstag, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite um 9.00 Uhr (Londoner Zeit) am relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, wobei ein 
Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily SONIA® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden Renditesatz 
einer Anlage (mit dem täglichen SONIA® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
[∏
(1 +
 SONIA®
𝐢−pLBD X ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] X
365
𝑑 
 
d 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Londoner Bankgeschäftstage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen Londoner Bankgeschäftstag 
vom, und einschließlich des, ersten Londoner Bankgeschäftstages 
der jeweiligen Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
p 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]; 
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem 
Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstag (ausschließlich); 
SONIA®i-pLBD 
bezeichnet für jeden Londoner Bankgeschäftstag in dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum den SONIA® Referenzsatz an dem 
Londoner Bankgeschäftstag, der "p" Londoner Bankgeschäftstage 
vor dem jeweiligen Londoner Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt.

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher 
fünf Londoner Bankgeschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der 
fünf Londoner Bankgeschäftstage vor einem solchen früheren Tag 
liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die Hypothekenpfandbriefe fällig 
und zahlbar werden).] 
[Im Fall von SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die US-Dollar Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR®) für den jeweiligen US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag, die ab 17.00 Uhr (New 
Yorker Zeit) am relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag auf der Bildschirmseite erscheint, wobei ein 
Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode nach der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily SOFR® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden 
Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der täglichen SOFR® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) 
und wird von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden 
Formel berechnet: 
[∏
(1 +
 SOFR®
𝐢−pLBD X ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] X
365
𝑑 
d 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage 
in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer 
Folge 
jeweils 
einen 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, ersten US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstages der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
wiedergeben; 
p 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]; 
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem 
Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag (ausschließlich); 
SOFR®i-pUSBD  
bezeichnet für jeden US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag in dem 
jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum den SOFR® Referenzsatz an 
dem US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag, der "p" US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor dem jeweiligen US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher 
fünf US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher fünf US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor dem 
Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, 
der fünf US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor einem solchen 
früheren 
Tag 
liegt 
(falls 
vorhanden), 
an 
dem 
die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
[Im Fall €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die Euro short-term rate (€STR®) für den 
jeweiligen TARGET-Bankgeschäftstag entspricht, die ab 9.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Zeit) am 
relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante 
Zinsperiode nach der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily €STR® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden 
Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der täglichen €STR® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung)

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
 
und wird von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden 
Formel berechnet: 
[∏
(1 +
 €STR®
𝐢−pTBD X ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] X
365
𝑑 
d 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der TARGET-Bankgeschäftstage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen TARGET-Bankgeschäftstag 
vom, und einschließlich des, ersten TARGET-Bankgeschäftstages 
der jeweiligen Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
p 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen].  
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem 
Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden TARGET-
Bankgeschäftstag (ausschließlich); 
€STR®i-pTBD  
bezeichnet für jeden TARGET-Bankgeschäftstag in dem 
jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum den €STR® Referenzsatz an 
dem 
TARGET-Bankgeschäftstag, 
der 
"p" 
TARGET-
Bankgeschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
jeweiligen 
TARGET-
Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher 
fünf TARGET-Bankgeschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
TARGET-Bankgeschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, 
der fünf TARGET-Bankgeschäftstage vor einem solchen früheren 
Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
fällig und zahlbar werden).  
[Falls erforderlich wird der ermittelte Prozentsatz auf- oder abgerundet auf die fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird.] 
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation angewandt werden 
soll, einfügen: 
 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem ersten Zinszahltag endet, für 
die der Referenzsatz gebildet wird anhand der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Pribor-]Angebotssatzes und 
des 
[Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] 
[Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Pribor-
]Angebotssatzes (jeweils ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen 
in der Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf der 
Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit am 
entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)]

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall eines letzten kurzen/langen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation angewandt werden 
soll, einfügen: 
 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem Fälligkeitstag bzw. dem 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag endet, für die der Referenzsatz gebildet wird anhand der 
linearen Interpolation des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] [Zahl einfügen]-
Monats-[Pribor-] Angebotssatzes] und des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] [Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Pribor-] Angebotssatzes] (jeweils ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro 
Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende 
Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor 
als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Prager] Zeit am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)] 
[Im Fall des Euribor oder Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder 
kein Angebotssatz angezeigt werden, so ist der Referenzsatz der auf der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigte Angebotssatz, wie oben beschrieben, am letzten Tag vor 
dem Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde.] 
[Im Fall des SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der 
genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz angezeigt, ist SONIA®: (i) der Zinssatz der Bank 
of England (der Einlagenzinssatz), der bei Geschäftsschluss am jeweiligen 
Londoner Bankgeschäftstag gilt; plus (ii) der Mittelwert der Zinsspannen von 
SONIA® zum Einlagenzinssatz der letzten fünf Tage, an denen SONIA® 
veröffentlicht wurde, mit Ausnahme der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es 
mehr als eine höchste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser höchsten Zinsspannen) und 
der niedrigsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als eine niedrigste Zinsspanne 
gibt, nur eine dieser niedrigsten Zinsspannen) zum Einlagenzinssatz. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich die [Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den 
Fall, dass die Bank of England Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von SONIA® oder (ii) 
zu einem Satz, der SONIA® ersetzen soll, veröffentlicht, in einem Umfang, der 
vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, solchen Leitlinien zur Bestimmung von SONIA® 
für die Zwecke der Hypothekenpfandbriefe anschließen, so lange wie SONIA® nicht 
verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht worden ist. 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des 
letzten vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefe für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste 
Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
[Im Fall des SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der 
genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz angezeigt, und (1) sofern nicht sowohl ein SOFR®

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
 
Index Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, 
gilt der SOFR® des letzten US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstags, an dem der SOFR® 
auf der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht wurde; oder (2) wenn ein SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignis und ein SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der 
Zinssatz (einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen oder Anpassungen), der als Ersatz für 
den SOFR® vom Federal Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York oder einem Ausschuss festgelegt wurde, der vom Federal Reserve Board 
und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen 
wurde, um einen Ersatz für den Secured Overnight Financing Rate (der von einer 
Federal Reserve Bank oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde festgelegt werden 
kann) vorzugeben, vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb eines US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstags nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis 
empfohlen wurde, der Zinssatz für jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an oder nach dem 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (i) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® 
Bezugnahmen auf OBFR wären, (ii) Bezugnahmen auf US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstage Bezugnahmen auf New York Bankgeschäftstage wären, (iii) 
Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignisse Bezugnahmen auf OBFR 
Index Einstellungsereignisse wären und (iv) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsstichtage Bezugnahmen auf OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtage wären 
und weiterhin vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb eines US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstags nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis 
empfohlen wurde und ein OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis vorliegt, der Zinssatz für 
jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an oder nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag 
bestimmt wird als ob (x) Bezugnahmen auf den SOFR® Bezugnahmen auf die FOMC 
Target Rate wären, (y) Verweise auf US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage Verweise 
auf New York Bankgeschäftstage wären und (z) Verweise auf die Bildschirmseite 
Verweise auf die Website der Federal Reserve wären. 
Wobei insofern gilt:  
FOMC Target Rate bezeichnet den kurzfristigen Zinssatz festgesetzt durch das 
Federal Open Market Committee auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York oder, wenn das Federal Open Market Committee keinen einzelnen 
Referenzzinssatz avisiert, das Mittel des kurzfristigen Zinssatzes festgesetzt durch 
das Federal Open Market Committee auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (berechnet als arithmetisches Mittel zwischen der oberen Grenze der Ziel-
Bandbreite und der unteren Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite). 
U.S. Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag bezeichnet jeden Tag, ausgenommen 
Samstag, Sonntag oder einen Tag, für den die Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets 
Association 
die 
ganztägliche 
Schließung 
der 
Abteilungen 
für 
festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit US-
Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
OBFR bezeichnet in Bezug auf jeden Zinsfeststellungstag die tägliche Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate hinsichtlich des jenem Zinsfeststellungstag vorangehenden New 
Yorker Bankgeschäftstags, wie von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York als 
Administrator (oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator) eines solchen Referenzzinssatzes 
auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York gegen 17:00 Uhr (New 
Yorker Zeit) an einem solchen Zinsfeststellungstag zur Verfügung gestellt wird. 
OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag bezeichnet in Bezug auf das OBFR Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, an dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der Overnight Bank Funding Rate) die 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder der Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
die Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden kann.  
OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der 
folgenden Ereignisse:

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder 
eines Nachfolgeadministrators der OBFR), die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) 
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass 
die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator 
der OBFR) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr 
bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US-Regulierungsbehörde oder eine 
andere öffentliche Stelle der USA, welche die Anwendung der OBFR, die 
auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, ohne auf 
diese begrenzt zu sein, verbietet. 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag meint in Bezug auf das SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) die Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden kann. 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der 
folgenden Ereignisse: 
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder 
eines Nachfolgeadministrators der Secured Overnight Financing Rate), die 
ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der 
weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) 
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass 
die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator 
der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur 
Verfügung stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US-Regulierungsbehörde oder eine 
andere öffentliche Stelle der USA, welche die Anwendung der Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate, die auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende 
inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, ohne auf diese begrenzt zu sein, verbietet.] 
[Im Fall des €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
€STR®i ist: (i) der Satz, der zuletzt vor dem jeweiligen Zinsfeststellungstag auf der 
[Bildschirmseite einfügen] veröffentlicht wurde. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich [die Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den 
Fall, dass die Europäische Zentralbank Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von €STR® 
oder (ii) zu einem Satz, der €STR®i ersetzen soll, veröffentlicht, in einem Umfang, 
der vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, solchen Leitlinien zur Bestimmung von €STR®i 
anschließen, so lange wie €STR®i für die Zwecke der Hypothekenpfandbriefe nicht 
verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht worden ist.

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von 
[der Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des 
letzten vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefe für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste 
Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
Zinsfeststellungstag bezeichnet den [zweiten] [ersten] [letzten] [andere Zahl von Tagen 
einfügen] [Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: TARGET-] [Falls 
der Referenzssatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: US Staatsanleihen] [anderes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag [vor] [Beginn] [Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: TARGET-
Bankgeschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem T2 zur 
Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet ist.] 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: [Londoner] [Falls der Referenzssatz der 
SOFR® 
ist, 
einfügen: 
US 
Staatsanleihen] 
[anderes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Bankgeschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
Geschäftsbanken in [Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: London] [Falls der 
Referenzssatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: New York] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für 
Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.] 
[Falls T2 anwendbar ist, einfügen: T2 ist das vom Eurosystem betriebene Echtzeit-
Bruttoabwicklungssystem oder jedes Nachfolgesystem.] 
Bildschirmseite ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine diese Seite ersetzende 
Seite). 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor ist, einfügen: Euro-Zone bezeichnet die Staaten und 
Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 974/98 des Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die 
Einführung des Euro, in ihrer jeweils aktuellen Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: 
Wenn (i) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder Information der zuständigen Behörde des 
Administrators des [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] veröffentlicht wurde, wonach der [Euribor] 
[Pribor] [€STR®] nicht mehr repräsentativ oder kein branchenüblicher Satz für Schuldtitel wie 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefe oder vergleichbare Instrumente mehr ist, (ii) eine öffentliche 
Erklärung oder Information veröffentlicht wurde, wonach der Administrator des [Euribor] 
[Pribor] [€STR®] mit der geordneten Abwicklung des [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] beginnt oder 
die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] endgültig oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, sofern es zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung der Erklärung oder 
Information keinen Nacholgeadministrator gibt, der den [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] weiter 
bereitstellen wird, (iii) der Administrator des [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] zahlungsunfähig wird 
oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den 
Administrator betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder 
Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, (iv) die für den Administrator des [Euribor] [Pribor] 
[€STR®] zuständige Behörde die Zulassung gemäß Artikel 35 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 
(die Benchmark-Verordnung) oder die Anerkennung gemäß Artikel 32 Abs. 8 der 
Benchmark-Verordnung entzieht oder aussetzt oder die Einstellung der Übernahme gemäß 
Artikel 33 Abs. 6 der Benchmark-Verordnung verlangt, sofern es zum Zeitpunkt des Entzugs 
oder der Aussetzung oder der Einstellung der Übernahme keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, 
der den [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] weiterhin bereitstellt, und der Administrator mit der 
geordneten Abwicklung des [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] beginnt oder die Bereitstellung des 
[Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] oder bestimmter Laufzeiten, für die der [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] 
berechnet wird, endgültig oder auf unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, oder (v) der [Euribor] [Pribor] 
[€STR®] anderweitig eingestellt ist oder es für die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle aus 
einem anderen Grund rechtswidrig wird, den [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] zu verwenden 
(jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] durch einen von der 
Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte (a) bis (d) (in dieser 
Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden (Nachfolge-Referenzsatz):]

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® oder der SOFR® ist, einfügen: 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den [SONIA®] [SOFR®] nicht mehr 
verwenden darf, (ii) der Administrator des [SONIA®] [SOFR®] die Berechnung und 
Veröffentlichung des [SONIA®] [SOFR®] dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, 
(iii) der Administrator des [SONIA®] [SOFR®]zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, 
Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch 
den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, oder 
(iv) der [SONIA®] [SOFR®] anderweitig eingestellt ist (jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll 
der [SONIA®] [SOFR®] durch einen von der Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch 
Anwendung der Schritte (a) bis (d) (in dieser Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden 
(Nachfolge-Referenzsatz):]  
(I) Der [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch den [Euribor] [Pribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] ersetzt werden, der durch den Administrator des [Euribor] 
[Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Kontroll- oder 
Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge-Referenzsatz für den [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] und für die Dauer des [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] bekannt 
gegeben wird und der in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf; oder 
(wenn ein solcher Nachfolge-Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(II) der [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen alternativen 
Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als 
Referenzsatz für Hypothekenpfandbriefe in der jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer 
Laufzeit verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer 
Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann);  
(III) der [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt 
werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz (x) für 
Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel verzinslich) in der relevanten Währung, oder (y) für 
börsengehandelte Zinsfutures mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird; oder (falls ein 
solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann) 
(IV) der [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt 
werden, der von der Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber 
nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung eines renommierten, unabhängigen Finanzberaters 
oder einer Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlichen Berechnungsarten 
Erfahrung hat, einzuholen und auf diese zu vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter 
Berücksichtigung der Dauer des [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] und der 
jeweiligen Währung in wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen 
Marktzinsniveau zum relevanten Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle in Verbindung mit 
einem 
solchen 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
verwendet 
werden 
soll 
(die 
Nachfolge-
Bildschirmseite). Ab dem Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung des Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes (der 
maßgebliche Zeitpunkt) gilt jede Bezugnahme auf den [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] als Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolge-Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme 
auf die Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Die 
Emittentin informiert anschließend die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gemäß § 11.  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] durch einen 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz kann die Emittentin einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder 
Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des 
Zinsbetrags angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem 
wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der Hypothekenpfandbriefe vor Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses 
vereinbar ist und das sich nicht zum wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
nicht wie oben beschrieben gemäß der Punkte (I) bis (IV) durch die Emittentin ersetzt werden 
kann, kann die Emittentin die Hypothekenpfandbriefe ganz [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden entsprechend der Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag 
zurückgezahlt, zusammen mit etwaigen bis zum Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufenen Zinsen. Die

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
 
Emittentin wird den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gemäß § 11 eine solche Kündigung 
mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe entscheidet, gilt 
als Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag [der für die unmittelbar vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der 
Angebotssatz oder das arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie 
vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem diese 
Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall eines Faktors einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] 
[Im Fall einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die 
relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode 
gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im 
Fall einer Marge, die zuzüglich des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der 
ermittelte Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so dass 
er die Marge verringert.] Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null)][●]. Sofern sich die 
Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe entscheidet, findet derselbe 
Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.] 
[Im Fall von CMS variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefe einfügen: 
 
der [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant Maturity Swap Satz (ausgedrückt 
als Prozentsatz pro Jahr), der auf der Bildschirmseite zur Referenzsatzzeit am jeweiligen 
Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen.  
Bildschirmseite ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine diese Seite ersetzende 
Seite). 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder kein 
[relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant Maturity Swap Satz angezeigt 
werden, so wird die Berechnungsstelle die Referenzbanken bitten, ihre [relevante Anzahl von 
Jahren 
einfügen]-Jahres-CMS-Sätze 
ungefähr 
zur Referenzsatzzeit 
am 
jeweiligen 
Zinsfestlegungstag bereitzustellen. 
Falls [Anzahl einfügen] Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebote zur 
Verfügung stellen, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische 
Mittel 
dieser 
Angebotssätze 
(falls 
erforderlich, 
gerundet 
auf 
den 
nächsten 
einhunderttausendstel Prozentpunkt, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird), wobei das höchste 
(oder, bei mehreren höchsten, eines davon) und das niedrigste (oder, bei mehreren niedrigsten, 
eines davon) Angebot gestrichen werden. 
Referenzsatzzeit ist [Referenzsatzzeit einfügen]. 
Referenzbanken sind fünf führende Swaphändler im Interbanken-Markt, die von der 
Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen bestimmt werden (§ 315 BGB). 
Zinsfeststellungstag ist der [zweite] [erste] [letzte] [andere Anzahl einfügen] [TARGET-] 
[London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag [vor dem] [Beginn][Ende] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Im Fall von TARGET-Bankgeschäftstag einfügen: TARGET-Bankgeschäftstag bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem T2 zur Abwicklung von Zahlungen in 
Euro geöffnet ist.] 
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET Bankgeschäftstagen: [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem Geschäftsbanken in [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich 
Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]. 
[Falls T2 anwendbar ist, einfügen: T2 ist das vom Eurosystem betriebene Echtzeit-
Bruttoabwicklungssystem oder jedes Nachfolgesystem.] 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den Referenzsatz nicht mehr verwenden 
darf, (ii) der Administrator des Referenzsatzes die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
 
Referenzsatzes dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder 
ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die 
Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der Referenzsatz anderweitig 
eingestellt ist (jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der Referenzsatz durch einen von der 
Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte (a) bis (d) (in dieser 
Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden (Nachfolge-Referenzsatz):  
(I) Der Referenzsatz soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der durch den Administrator 
des Referenzsatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als 
Nachfolge- Referenzsatz für den Referenzsatz und für die Dauer des Referenzsatzes bekannt 
gegeben wird und der in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf; oder 
(wenn ein solcher Nachfolge-Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(II) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen alternativen Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der 
üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als 
Referenzsatz für 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe in der jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird 
oder verwendet werden wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt 
werden kann);  
(III) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in 
Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz (x) für Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel 
verzinslich) in der relevanten Währung, oder (y) für börsengehandelte Zinsfutures mit 
vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht 
bestimmt werden kann) 
(IV) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der von der Emittentin (die, für 
die Zwecke einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung 
eines renommierten, unabhängigen Finanzberaters oder einer Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlichen Berechnungsarten Erfahrung hat, einzuholen und auf diese zu 
vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter Berücksichtigung der Dauer des Referenzsatzes und 
der jeweiligen Währung in wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen 
Marktzinsniveau zum relevanten Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle in Verbindung mit 
einem 
solchen 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
verwendet 
werden 
soll 
(die 
Nachfolge-
Bildschirmseite). Ab dem Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung des Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes (der 
maßgebliche Zeitpunkt) gilt jede Bezugnahme auf den Referenzsatz als Bezugnahme auf den 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom 
maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die 
Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Die Emittentin informiert anschließend 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gemäß § 11.  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes durch einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz kann 
die Emittentin einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei 
der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags angewendet werden 
soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe vor Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und das sich nicht 
zum wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der Referenzsatz nicht wie oben beschrieben gemäß 
der Punkte (a) bis (d) durch die Emittentin ersetzt werden kann, kann die Emittentin die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe ganz [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
werden entsprechend der Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen mit 
etwaigen bis zum Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufenen Zinsen. Die Emittentin wird den 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gemäß § 11 eine solche Kündigung mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe entscheidet, gilt 
als Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag [der für die unmittelbar vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der 
Angebotssatz oder das arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie 
vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem diese 
Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall eines Faktors, einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] 
[Im Fall einer Marge, einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
 
relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode 
gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im 
Fall einer Marge, die zuzüglich des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der 
ermittelte Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so dass 
er die Marge verringert.] Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null)][●]. Sofern sich die 
Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe entscheidet, findet derselbe 
Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.] 
[Im Fall von ISDA Determination, einfügen:  
 
 
Der Zinssatz für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders beschrieben der 
maßgebliche ISDA-Satz [Im Fall eines Faktors einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor einfügen]], 
[Im Fall einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
[Die Marge beträgt [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
ISDA-Satz bezeichnet für eine Zinsperiode einen Satz, der dem variablen Zinssatz entspricht, 
der von der [Berechnungsstelle] [Emittentin] im Rahmen einer Zinsswap-Transaktion 
bestimmt werden würde, wenn die [Berechnungsstelle] [Emittentin] für diese Swap-
Transaktion als Berechnungsstelle handeln würde, und zwar gemäß den Bestimmungen einer 
Vereinbarung, die die ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions von 2021 in der zum 
Ausgabetag geltenden, aktualisierten und von der International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. auf deren Website unter www.isda.org (oder einer Nachfolgewebsite) 
veröffentlichten Fassung (die ISDA Definitionen) zum Vertragsbestandteil erklärt, und gemäß 
der:  
(a) 
die Variable Zinssatz-Option entspricht [Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen], 
(b) 
die bezeichnete Laufzeit eine Periode [Periode von/bis einfügen] ist, und  
(c) 
das relevante Reset-Datum [Wenn die anwendbare Variable Zinssatz-Option auf dem 
Euro-Zone Interbanken Angebotssatz (Euribor) für eine Währung basiert: der erste 
Tag dieser Zinsperiode ist] [Wenn die maßgebliche Variable Zinssatz-Option für eine 
Währung nicht auf dem Euribor beruht, einfügen: [maßgebliches Datum einfügen]]. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes (2) haben (i) Variabler Zinssatz (Floating Rate), 
Berechnungsstelle (Calculation Agent), Variable Zinssatz-Option (Floating Rate Option), 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit (Designated Maturity) und Reset-Datum (Reset Date) dieselbe 
Bedeutung, die diesen Begriffen in den ISDA Definitionen beigemessen wird, und (ii) 
bezeichnet Euro-Zone die Staaten und Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 
974/98 des Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die Einführung des Euro, in ihrer jeweils aktuellen 
Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
[Im Fall eines Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatzes einfügen:  
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes, einfügen: 
 
Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen].] 
[Im Fall eines Höchstzinssatzes, einfügen: 
 
Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen ermittelte 
Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen].]]

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, jeder Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, jede Zinsperiode und der entsprechende Zinszahltag der Emittentin, der 
Hauptzahlstelle und jeder Börse, an der die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
zugelassen sind oder gehandelt werden und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an diese Börse 
verlangen, baldmöglichst nach ihrer Feststellung aber keinesfalls später als am [vierten][Anzahl 
Tage einfügen] auf die Berechnung folgenden Bankgeschäftstag mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [Emittentin] der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahltag nachträglich 
angepasst (oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche 
Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an denen die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt zugelassen sind oder gehandelt werden, sowie den Hypothekenpfandbriefen gemäß § 11 
mitgeteilt. 
Zinstagequotient ist  
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA), einfügen: 
 
bei der Berechnung des auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief entfallenden Zinsbetrags für 
jeglichen Zeitraum (der "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der gleich oder kürzer ist als die Zinsperiode, in die der 
Berechnungszeitraum fällt, einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage in dem Berechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) 
der Anzahl der Tage in der Zinsperiode, in die der Berechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) 
der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die normalerweise in einem Jahr enden.] 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der länger ist als eine Zinsperiode, einfügen: 
 
die Summe: 
(a)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die Zinsperiode 
fallen, in welcher der Berechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr; und 
(b)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die 
darauffolgende Zinsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden 
in einem Jahr. 
[Im Fall eines kurzen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes, einfügen: 
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven 
Zinszahltag einfügen] als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden.]  
[Im Fall eines langen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes, einfügen: 
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven 
Zinszahltag einfügen] jeweils als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden].]

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA), einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls 
ein Teil dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der 
tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert 
durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des 
Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365), berechnet wie folgt: 
Zinstagequotient = (DNLY/365) + (DLY/366) 
Wobei: 
DNLY ist die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen innerhalb dieses Berechnungszeitraums die in ein 
Nicht-Schaltjahr fällt; und 
DLY ist die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen innerhalb dieses Berechnungszeitraums die in ein 
Schaltjahr fällt.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed), einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf ein Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360, einfügen: 
 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen 
berechnet wird (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der 31. Tag eines 
Monats und der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist weder der 30. noch der 31. eines 
Monats, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der letzte Tag 
des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlägerter 
Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2021 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den Berechnungszeitraum):

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im jeweiligen Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß 
der nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient =
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese 
Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist größer als 
29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 (deutsche Zinsmethode) einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen 
berechnet wird, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages des 
Berechnungszeitraums (es sei denn, der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums, der am 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag endet, ist der letzte Tag im Monat Februar, in welchem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2021 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im jeweiligen Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß 
der nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient =
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese 
Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 
gleich 30 ist.]

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 (ISDA) (nur, wenn ISDA 2000 Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen (deutsche 
Zinsmethode)) einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum (den "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient =
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, (i) 
dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 
gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, jedoch nicht der 
Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist, jedoch 
in jedem solchen Fall unter dem Vorbehalt, dass die Anzahl der Tage des 
Berechnungszeitraumes vom ersten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (einschließlich) bis zum 
letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (ausschließlich) berechnet wird.]] 
[Bei Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen einfügen: 
 
(9) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe können nach Wahl der Emittentin zu einem beliebigen Zinszahltag 
(insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle 
und gemäß § 11 an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] 
Tage und höchstens [maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus, zurückgezahlt werden, falls: 
 (a) 
die Emittentin anlässlich der nächsten gemäß der Hypothekenpfandbriefe fälligen Zahlung 
verpflichtet geworden ist bzw. verpflichtet sein wird, zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § 6 zu zahlen, 
und zwar infolge einer Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen innerhalb 
einer Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 6 definiert) oder einer Änderung bezüglich der Anwendung 
oder offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. 
Neufassung am oder nach dem Datum wirksam wird, zu dem eine Vereinbarung über die Ausgabe 
der ersten Tranche der Hypothekenpfandbriefe getroffen wird; und 
(b) 
eine solche Verpflichtung nicht dadurch vermieden werden kann, dass die Emittentin die ihr zur 
Verfügung stehenden angemessenen Maßnahmen ergreift, 
mit der Maßgabe, dass diese Ankündigung der Rückzahlung nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühesten 
Datum erfolgen darf, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls 
eine Zahlung bezüglich der Hypothekenpfandbriefe dann fällig wäre. 
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 (9) ankündigt, wird sie der Hauptzahlstelle 
(zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger an der von ihr

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
 
benannten Geschäftsadresse) (i) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung berechtigt ist, unter 
Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das Recht der Emittentin 
zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind, sowie (ii) ein Gutachten von unabhängigen, anerkannten Rechtsberatern 
zustellen, wonach die Emittentin verpflichtet ist bzw. sein wird, die zusätzlichen Beträge infolge der 
betreffenden Änderung oder Neufassung zu zahlen, woraufhin diese Rückzahlung für die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger abschließende und verbindliche Wirkung entfaltet. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß 
diesem § 3 (9) erforderlichen Bescheinigungen und Gutachten zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; auch 
ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten zu überprüfen, 
zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser 
Bescheinigungen und Gutachten und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt der Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten 
ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 (9) zurückzuzahlende Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückbezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen. 
(10) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe können nach Wahl der Emittentin zu jedem beliebigen Zinszahltag 
(insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle 
und gemäß § 11 an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] 
Tage und höchstens [maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus zurückgezahlt werden, falls 
es für die Emittentin vor dem nächsten Zinszahltag irgendeines Hypothekenpfandbriefs gesetzwidrig 
geworden ist oder gesetzwidrig wird, weiterhin Hypothekenpfandbriefe ausstehen zu lassen, und zwar 
infolge einer Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen oder einer Änderung bezüglich 
der Anwendung oder offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung 
bzw. Neufassung vor dem nächsten derartigen Zinszahltag wirksam geworden ist oder wird.  
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 (10) ankündigt, wird sie der Hauptzahlstelle 
(zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger an der von ihr 
benannten Geschäftsadresse) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung berechtigt ist, unter 
Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das Recht der Emittentin 
zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind. Die Hauptzahlstelle ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und kann nicht dafür 
haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß diesem § 3 (10) erforderlichen Bescheinigungen zu 
überwachen oder sicherzustellen; auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht verpflichtet, bereitgestellte 
Bescheinigungen zu überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, übernimmt keine Verantwortung 
für den Inhalt dieser Bescheinigungen und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt der Bescheinigungen ungenau oder 
falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 (10) zurückzuzahlende Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.  
[Im Fall einer optionalen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-Option) einfügen: 
 
(11) 
Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen ][eines jeden Jahres beginnend am [Datum 
einfügen]] ([der][jedes dieser Daten ein] Kündigungstermin) die Hypothekenpfandbriefe vollständig 
[oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Emittentin wird mindestens [Zahl einsetzen (mindestens 
5 Bankarbeitstage)][Bankarbeitstage (wie nachstehend in § 4 ([2][3]) definiert)][Monate] vor dem 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin eine solche Rückzahlung gemäß § 11 mitteilen. Diese Mitteilung ist 
unwiderruflich und gibt den [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin an. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden 
zum [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin zum Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag [Falls aufgelaufene Zinsen 
separat gezahlt werden, einfügen: einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis zum Kündigungstermin anfallen,] 
gemäß den Vorschriften des § 4 zurückgezahlt.

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
 
Der Optionale 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag) [je Pfandbrief] [der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe] ist [seine Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie folgt: 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) einfügen, der/die 
nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]]] 
§ 4 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
(a) 
den Zinsbetrag an jedem Zinszahltag zu zahlen und 
(b) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag [im Falle das eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung anwendbar 
ist, einfügen: oder, im Falle einer Fälligkeitsverschiebung, am Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag] zu 
zahlen[.] [oder] 
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
(c) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin [Falls aufgelaufene Zinsen separat 
gezahlt werden, einfügen: einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis zum Kündigungstermin anfallen,] zu 
zahlen.] 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 (9) einfügen: 
(d) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 (9) bestimmten Tag der Rückzahlung zu zahlen [Falls 
aufgelaufene Zinsen gesondert gezahlt werden, einfügen: einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag 
der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen] [.]] 
Die 
in 
diesem 
Absatz 
(1) 
genannten 
Beträge 
sowie 
alle 
weiteren 
gemäß 
diesen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der 
Euro ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die kleinste 
Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden]  
[Im Fall von Dual-Currency-Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
(2)  
Die Zahlung des Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] des Zinsbetrags / der Zinsbeträge[,][und] [des Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] werden in [Währung einfügen] abgewickelt.  
[Die Umrechnung der Beträge zahlbar in [Währung einfügen] erfolgt mit dem Wechselkurs am jeweiligen 
Kursberechnungstag für den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die Zinsbeträge [und] [den 
Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag]. 
Wechselkurs ist [der "[ersten Kurs einfügen]" multipliziert mit "[zweiten Kurs einfügen]"] am 
[Umtauschfaktor einfügen] jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag. 
"[ersten Kurs einfügen]" bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von ([Währung] 
pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite "[Seite 
einfügen]" gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
"[zweiten Kurs einfügen]" bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von ([Währung]

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
 
pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite "[Seite 
einfügen]" gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
Kursberechnungstag 
bezeichnet 
den 
[zweiten] 
Bankarbeitstag 
vor 
der 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages], jeweils in Übereinstimmung mit der Konvention für Bankarbeitstage. 
[Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet [TARGET] [, [Finanzzentrum einfügen] [und [Finanzzentrum einfügen]].] 
Marktstörung bezeichnet: 
(a) 
das Ausbleiben der Veröffentlichung eines Kassakurses durch den jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor,  
(b) 
die Aufhebung oder Beschränkung des Devisenhandels für mindestens eine der relevanten 
Währungen, die für den Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden (einschließlich Optionen oder 
Terminkontrakte), oder die Beschränkung der Konvertibilität der Währungen, die für den 
Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden, oder die effektive Unmöglichkeit, eine Kursstellung für 
den betreffenden Wechselkurs zu erhalten, oder 
(c) 
alle sonstigen Ereignisse, deren wirtschaftliche Auswirkungen den vorgenannten Fällen ähnlich 
sind, 
jeweils in einem Umfange, der nach Ansicht der Emittentin wesentlich ist. 
Wenn eine wie vorstehend bezeichnete Marktstörung an einem Kursberechnungstag eintritt, wird der 
betreffende Kursberechnungstag auf den nächstfolgenden Bankarbeitstag vor der Zahlung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] verschoben. 
Wenn die Marktstörung auch nach diesem Tag fortbesteht, gilt für die Berechnung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] der letzte ermittelbare Wechselkurs vor Eintritt der Marktstörung. 
Für den Fall, dass einer der Kassakurse vom jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor nicht länger festgestellt und 
veröffentlicht wird, sondern dies durch eine andere Person, Gesellschaft oder Einrichtung (Ersatz-Fixing 
Sponsor) geschieht, kann die Emittentin den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die Zinsbeträge 
[und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Basis des Wechselkurses berechnen, wie er durch 
den entsprechenden Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung 
eines Ersatz-Fixing Sponsors, gilt, unter Berücksichtigung des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den 
Fixing Sponsor als eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor.  
Im Falle, dass einer der Kassakurse nicht länger festgestellt und veröffentlicht wird, kann die Emittentin 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] 
den 
Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[den 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Grundlage eines anderen Wechselkurses (Ersatz-Wechselkurs) 
bestimmen, wie dieser vom betreffenden Fixing Sponsor oder Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und 
veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung eines Ersatz-Wechselkurses gilt, unter Berücksichtigung 
des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den Wechselkurs als eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-Wechselkurs. 
Sollte die Emittentin zu dem Ergebnis kommen, dass 
(a) 
der Austausch eines Fixing-Sponsors nicht möglich ist,  
(b) 
der Austausch des Wechselkurses nicht möglich ist, oder 
(c) 
aufgrund des Eintritts besonderer Umstände oder Höherer Gewalt wie beispielsweise 
Katastrophen, Krieg, Terrorereignisse, Aufruhr, Beschränkungen von Zahlungsvorgängen, den 
Beitritt der Währung zur Europäischen Währungsunion, dem Austritt dieser Währung wieder aus 
der Europäischen Währungsunion, die für den betreffenden Kassakurs Berücksichtigung findet,

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
 
oder andere Umstände mit vergleichbaren Auswirkungen auf den Wechselkurs, die die 
verlässliche Feststellung des Wechselkurses unmöglich oder praktisch nicht durchführbar machen, 
wird die Emittentin die Bestimmung des Wechselkurses im Rahmen einer verhältnismäßigen Ausführung 
ihres Ermessens nach den Vorschriften des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches (BGB) vornehmen.] 
[Umrechnung der zahlbaren Beträge in [Euro][•] erfolgt [•].] [Es werden jedoch mindestens [EUR][•] 
[0,001][•] [je Festgelegte Stückelung ] [auf den Gesamtnennbetrag] gezahlt.]] 
[(2)][(3)] 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe (Zahltag) 
auf einen Tag, der kein Bankarbeitstag ist, dann: 
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
 
haben die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nachfolgenden Bankarbeitstag.] 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
haben die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nachfolgenden Bankarbeitstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.] 
[Im Fall der Floating Rate Convention einfügen:  
 
haben die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nachfolgenden Bankarbeitstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird ein Zinszahltag auf den unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende Zinszahltag der 
jeweils letzte Bankarbeitstag des Monats, der [[Zahl einfügen] Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zeiträume einfügen] nach dem vorhergehenden anwendbaren Zinszahltag liegt.] 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen auf Grund einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt: 
  
Falls die Fälligkeit einer Zahlung, wie oben beschrieben, [vorgezogen wird] [oder] 
[verschoben wird], werden ein solcher Zahltag und der Zinsbetrag entsprechend angepasst.]

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem [Wenn 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn T2 aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: und T2 
für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: und 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren einfügen] 
abwickeln]. 
[Falls T2 anwendbar ist, einfügen: T2 ist das vom Eurosystem betriebene Echtzeit-
Bruttoabwicklungssystem oder jedes Nachfolgesystem.] 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle zahlt 
die fälligen Beträge an das Clearingsystem zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten der Depotbanken 
zur Weiterleitung an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger. Die Zahlung an das Clearingsystem befreit die 
Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den Hypothekenpfandbriefen. Die 
Zahlung von Zinsen und Kapital hinsichtlich der Hypothekenpfandbriefe erfolgt an jeden 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger, der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger zum Geschäftsschluss an dem Tag, 
der 15 Bankarbeitstage vor dem maßgeblichen Zahlungstag liegt (Berechtigungsdatum), war. 
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den Hypothekenpfandbriefen bei Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird der 
fällige Betrag auf Basis des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen14 verzinst. Diese Verzinsung 
beginnt an dem Tag der Fälligkeit der Zahlung (einschließlich) und endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der der 
tatsächlichen Zahlung vorangeht (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde einfügen:  
(5) 
Zinszahlungen auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe, die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
werden, erfolgen nur nach Lieferung der Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum (wie in § 1 
definiert) durch die relevanten Teilnehmer am Clearingsystem.] 
§ 5 
(Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle, Berechnungsstelle) 
(1) 
Die [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom] [andere Person, die als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die 
Hauptzahlstelle (Hauptzahlstelle). Die Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (Zahlstellen) ernennen 
und die Ernennung von Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der Widerruf ist gemäß § 11 
mitzuteilen. 
 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle ernannt wurde, 
einfügen].] 
(2) 
Die Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom [andere Person, die als Berechnungsstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen] ist die 
Berechnungsstelle (Berechnungsstelle). 
(3) 
Sofern irgendwelche Ereignisse eintreten sollten, die die Hauptzahlstelle oder die Berechnungsstelle [oder 
eine zusätzliche Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als Hauptzahlstelle oder Berechnungsstelle [oder 
als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu erfüllen, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, eine andere Bank von 
internationalem Rang als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle], bzw. eine andere Person oder 
Institution mit der nötigen Sachkenntnis als Berechnungsstelle zu ernennen. Eine Übertragung der 
Stellung als Hauptzahlstelle oder Berechnungsstelle [oder zusätzliche Zahlstelle] ist von der Emittentin 
unverzüglich gemäß § 11 mitzuteilen. 
(4) 
Die Hauptzahlstelle [, die Zahlstelle[n]] und die Berechnungsstelle [handelt][handeln] im Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen 
ausschließlich 
als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin, 
[übernimmt][übernehmen] keine Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern und 
 
14  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 Abs. 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern mindestens ein 
Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank zum 
jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
 
stehen in keinem Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] 
und die Berechnungsstelle [ist] [sind] von den Beschränkungen des §181 BGB befreit. 
(5) 
Falls es sich nicht um einen offensichtlichen Fehler handelt, sind Entscheidungen der Berechnungsstelle 
endgültig und für die Emittentin sowie die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger verbindlich. 
§ 6 
(Steuern) 
(1) 
Als Quellensteuerstelle haftet die Emittentin und trägt die Beweislast gegenüber den Steuerbehörden in 
Bezug auf (i) die ordnungsgemäße Einbehaltung von Quellensteuern und Steuersicherheiten (je nach 
Sachlage), die nach dem Recht einer Steuerjurisdiktion von jeder Zahlung von Kapital, Zinsen oder 
anderen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zahlbaren Beträgen einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind, 
sowie (ii) die Gewährung von Steuererleichterungen. Dementsprechend wird die Emittentin, bevor eine 
Steuererleichterung gewährt werden kann, verlangen, dass die Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche 
Eigentum ordnungsgemäß erhoben und der Emittentin gemäß den Zertifizierungsverfahren übermittelt 
werden, es sei denn, die Emittentin verzichtet darauf in Übereinstimmung mit diesem § 6. 
[Falls keine Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
 
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe durch oder im Namen der Emittentin 
erfolgen erst nach Abzug oder Einbehalt von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben 
jeglicher Art, die durch oder im Namen der Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt oder erhoben werden (Steuern), 
insoweit als ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Es werden keine zusätzlichen 
Beträge zur Deckung der auf diese Weise abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Beträge gezahlt. Die Emittentin 
wird über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern gegenüber den zuständigen Regierungsbehörden 
Rechenschaft ablegen.] 
[Falls eine Steuerausgleichpflicht (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
 
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen oder sonstigen Beträgen, die durch oder im Namen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu zaheln sind, erfolgen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
jeglicher gegenwärtiger oder künftiger Steuern oder Abgaben welcher Art auch immer, die seitens bzw. 
namens der Steuerjurisdiktion erhoben oder eingezogen werden (die Steuern), es sei denn, ein solcher 
Einbehalt bzw. Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In letzterem Fall wird die Emittentin, nur (falls 
zutreffend) in Bezug auf etwaige Zahlungen von Zinsen, die notwendigen zusätzlichen Beträge zahlen, 
um zu gewährleisten, dass die von den Gläubigern erhaltenen Nettobeträge nach einem solchen Einbehalt 
oder Abzug den jeweiligen Beträgen von Zinsen entsprechen, die ihnen ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug bezüglich der Hypothekenpfandbriefe zustehen würden, mit der Ausnahme, dass keine solchen 
zusätzlichen Beträge für Hypothekenpfandbriefe gezahlt werden: 
(a) 
die in der Tschechischen Republik zur Zahlung vorgelegt werden; oder  
(b) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer in Bezug auf diesen Hypothekenpfandbrief steuerpflichtig ist, 
weil er eine [andere] Verbindung zu der Steuerjurisdiktion hat [als nachstehend unter Buchstabe 
(g)] angegeben]; oder 
(c) 
die mehr als 30 Tage nach dem Relevanten Datum (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt werden, außer in dem Umfang, in dem der Inhaber Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen 
Betrag gehabt hätte, wenn er den Hypothekenpfandbrief an diesem dreißigsten Tag zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt hätte, vorausgesetzt dieser Tag wäre ein Zahlungstag (wie in § 4 ([2][3]) definiert) 
gewesen; oder 
(d) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug für oder aufgrund von Steuern in Bezug auf einen solchen 
Hypothekenpfandbrief erforderlich ist, weil die Emittentin oder eine Person im Namen der

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
 
Emittentin nicht ordnungsgemäß wahrheitsgemäße, genaue und vollständige Informationen über 
das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder einen ähnlichen Freistellungsantrag erhalten hat, sofern solche 
Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ähnliche Freistellungsanträge im Rahmen 
des Zertifizierungsverfahrens erforderlich sind oder auferlegt werden, es sei denn, dies ist auf 
Handlungen oder Unterlassungen der Emittentin oder ihrer Erfüllungsgehilfen zurückzuführen; 
(e) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug für oder aufgrund von Steuern in Bezug auf einen solchen 
Hypothekenpfandbrief auf der Grundlage der Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum, 
die die Emittentin im Rahmen des Zertifizierungsverfahrens erhalten hat, für oder aufgrund der 
Steuersicherheit erfolgt; 
(f) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer ein Tschechischer Steueransässiger als natürliche Person ist[; 
oder 
(g) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer eine mit der Emittentin Kapitalmäßig Verbundene Person ist]. 
Für den Fall, dass die Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ein ähnlicher 
Freistellungsantrag der Emittentin nicht zu den in vorstehendem Absatz (d) genannten Bedingungen 
vorgelegt werden, wird die Emittentin (i) 35 % Quellensteuer von jeder Zinszahlung auf einen solchen 
Hypothekenpfandbrief einbehalten [und (ii) wenn die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu einem Preis begeben 
werden, der unter ihrem Nennwert liegt (d.h. unter pari), 1 % Steuersicherheit von jeder Kapitalzahlung 
auf einen solchen Hypothekenpfandbrief], es sei denn, die Emittentin ist nach eigenem Ermessen davon 
überzeugt, dass sie über alle erforderlichen Informationen verfügt, die es der Emittentin ermöglichen, die 
Quellensteuer nicht oder zu einem niedrigeren Satz anzuwenden [oder die Steuersicherheit nicht 
anzuwenden]. Außerdem ist die Emittentin, soweit sie sämtliche für ein solches Vorgehen notwendigen 
Auskünfte eingeholt hat, ganz nach eigenem Ermessen berechtigt, die jeweiligen Gläubiger für die gemäß 
dem vorstehenden Satz in Anwendung gebrachte Quellensteuer [oder die Steuersicherheit] ganz oder 
teilweise zu entschädigen. Zum Ausschluss von Zweifeln wird festgehalten, dass der jeweilige Gläubiger, 
falls sich die Emittentin entschlossen hat, eine solche Entschädigung zu gewähren, seinen 
Erstattungsanspruch gemäß dem Schnellerstattungsverfahren bzw. dem Standard-Erstattungsverfahren 
(wie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren definiert) nur für Beträge geltend machen kann, die über den Betrag 
der o.g. Entschädigung hinausgehen. 
Die Emittentin kann jederzeit durch Mitteilung an die Gläubiger gemäß § 11 auf die in diesem § 6 (2) 
genannten Bedingungen zugunsten der Wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer verzichten.  
Bezüglich einer etwa gemäß dem Standard-Erstattungsverfahren (wie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren 
definiert) gewährten Erstattung ist die Emittentin berechtigt, von der jeweiligen Zahlung eine Gebühr 
einzubehalten, die sich errechnet als Summe von (a) einem Fixbetrag i.H.v. EUR [●] und (b) jeglichen 
Verwaltungsgebühren, Bußgeldern, Zinsen oder ähnlichen Kosten, die der Emittentin in Zusammenhang 
mit einer solchen Erstattung womöglich entstehen (jeweils zuzüglich der anzuwendenden 
Mehrwertsteuer).] 
(3) 
Vorbehaltlich des Handelns der Emittentin nach Treu und Glauben und in wirtschaftlich angemessener 
Weise gemäß § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB) und unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 
30 Tagen, die den Gläubigern gemäß § 11 für jede derartige Festsetzung zu gewähren ist, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger eine Festsetzung (jeweils eine Festsetzung) zu einer 
Bestimmung dieses § 6 vorzunehmen, um Folgendes zu berücksichtigen: 
(a) 
eine Änderung des anwendbaren tschechischen Rechts oder der tschechischen Vorschriften 
(einschließlich etwaige veröffentlichten Praktiken) in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren 
oder einer Entscheidung oder offiziellen Auslegung derselben; 
(b) 
eine von den tschechischen Steuerbehörden oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde auferlegte 
Anforderung in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; 
(c) 
eine Änderung des marktüblichen Ansatzes in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; oder 
(d) 
eine Änderung der anwendbaren Regeln oder Verfahren einer Partei bei der Durchführung der 
Zertifizierungsverfahren.

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Eine Festsetzung ist nicht als Änderung, Modifizierung oder Ergänzung der 
Bedingungen der Hypothekenpfandbriefe anzusehen. 
(4) 
Unbeschadet anderslautender Bestimmungen in diesem § 6 werden keine zusätzlichen Beträge gezahlt, 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß einer in Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (Code) beschriebenen Vereinbarung erforderlich ist oder anderweitig gemäß den Abschnitten 
1471 bis 1474 des Code, irgendwelchen Vorschriften oder Vereinbarungen darunter, deren offizieller 
Auslegung oder gemäß einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung einer zwischenstaatlichen Zusammenarbeit in 
diesem Bereich oder gemäß einer Vereinbarung zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika und der 
Tschechischen Republik zur Umsetzung von FATCA oder gemäß einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung oder in 
Befolgung oder zwecks Einhaltung einer solchen Vereinbarung auferlegt wird.  
(5) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer bezeichnet einen Inhaber eines Hypothekenpfandbriefs, wenn dieser 
Inhaber auch wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer (im Sinne des OECD-Musterabkommens zur Vermeidung der 
Doppelbesteuerung von Einkommen und Vermögen) in Bezug auf die auf diesen Hypothekenpfandbrief 
gezahlten Erträge ist, oder einen Empfänger solcher Erträge, der als wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer im obigen 
Sinne gilt; 
Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum bezeichnet bestimmte Informationen und 
Unterlagen, wie sie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren festgelegt sind, insbesondere in Bezug auf die Identität 
und das Land des steuerlichen Wohnsitzes eines Empfängers einer Zins- oder Tilgungszahlung in Bezug 
auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief (zusammen mit den entsprechenden Nachweisen), die es der Emittentin 
ermöglichen, zuverlässig festzustellen, dass ein solcher Empfänger ein Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer in 
Bezug auf eine solche Zahlung ist und dass alle Bedingungen für die Gewährung einer 
Steuererleichterung, falls vorhanden, erfüllt sind. 
Zertifizierungsverfahren bezeichnet die von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg, eingeführten 
Verfahren zur Steuererleichtung an der Quelle und Erstattungsverfahren für die Tschechische Republik 
zur Erleichterung der Erfassung der Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum, die auf der Website 
der International Capital Market Services Association unter www.icmsa.org abrufbar sind, in ihrer jeweils 
geänderten oder ersetzten Fassung oder in der vom jeweiligen ICSD im Rahmen der Umsetzung oder 
Anwendung dieser Verfahren abgeänderten oder aktualisierten Fassung. 
[Tschechischer Steuerausländer bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nicht in der Tschechischen Republik 
steuerlich ansässig ist, entweder nach dem Einkommensteuergesetz oder nach einem einschlägigen 
Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden);] 
[Tschechischer Steueransässiger bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nach dem tschechischen 
Einkommensteuergesetz sowie nach einem einschlägigen Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden) in der 
Tschechischen Republik steuerlich ansässig ist;] 
[Einkommensteuergesetz 
bezeichnet 
das 
tschechische 
Gesetz 
Nr. 586/1992 
Slg. 
über 
Einkommenssteuern in seiner geänderten Fassung;] 
[Juristische Person bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der keine natürliche Person ist (d.h. ein Steuerzahler, 
der der Körperschaftssteuer unterliegt, aber nicht unbedingt eine Rechtspersönlichkeit hat).] 
OECD bezeichnet die Organisation für wirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit und Entwicklung (Organisation 
for Economic Co-operation and Development); 
[Kapitalmäßig Verbundene Person bezeichnet jede Person (natürliche oder Juristische Person), bei 
denen (i) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten einer anderen Person 
beteiligt ist oder (ii) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten mehrerer 
Personen beteiligt ist, und in beiden Fällen diese Beteiligung (direkt oder indirekt) mindestens 25 % des 
eingetragenen Kapitals oder 25 % der Stimmrechte dieser anderen Person(en) ausmacht].

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
 
[Relevantes Datum bezeichnet den jeweils späteren der beiden folgenden Zeitpunkte: (1) der Tag, an dem 
die betreffende Zahlung erstmals fällig wird, und (2) falls der zu zahlende Betrag nicht in voller Höhe in 
einer Stadt, in der die Banken Zugang zum TARGET System haben, bei der Zahlstelle an oder vor diesem 
Fälligkeitstag eingegangen ist, der Tag, an dem (nachdem der volle Betrag eingegangen ist) eine 
entsprechende Mitteilung an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern erfolgt ist.] 
Steuerjurisdiktion bezeichnet die (i) Tschechische Republik oder eine ihrer politischen 
Untergliederungen oder eine Behörde davon oder darin, die zur Besteuerung befugt ist; oder (ii) jede 
andere Jurisdiktion oder eine politische Untergliederung oder eine zur Besteuerung befugten Behörde 
davon oder darin, der die von der Emittentin geleisteten Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen auf die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe generell unterliegen. 
Steuererleichterung bezeichnet eine Befreiung von der Quellensteuer bzw. der Steuersicherheit, sei es in 
Form einer Befreiung oder der Anwendung eines ermäßigten Satzes. 
Steuersicherheit beizeichnet einen besonderer Betrag, der von einer Quellensteuerstelle (z.B. vom 
Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung oder vom Käufer einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung 
steuerpflichtiger Einkünfte einbehalten wird und im Wesentlichen als Vorschuss auf die vom Empfänger 
der betreffenden Einkünfte selbst zu erhebende Steuer dient (d.h. im Gegensatz zur Quellensteuer stellt 
der so einbehaltene Betrag im Allgemeinen keine endgültige Steuerschuld dar); 
[Steuerabkommen bezeichnet ein gültiges und wirksames Steuerabkommen zwischen der Tschechischen 
Republik und einem anderen Land, nach dem der Tschechische Steuerausländer als Steueransässiger des 
letzteren Landes behandelt wird. Im Falle Taiwans handelt es sich bei dem Steuerabkommen um das 
Gesetz Nr. 45/2020 Slg. über die Beseitigung der Doppelbesteuerung im Verhältnis zu Taiwan in seiner 
geänderten Fassung.] 
[Quellensteuer bezeichnet eine Steuer, die durch Abzug an der Quelle durch eine Quellensteuerstelle (z. 
B. durch den Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung von steuerpflichtigem Einkommen 
erhoben wird. Außer unter bestimmten begrenzten Umständen wird eine solche Steuer im Allgemeinen 
als endgültig betrachtet.] 
§ 7 
(Rang) 
(1) 
Unbeachtlich § 15 handelt es sich bei den Hypothekenpfandbriefen um gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel 
III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes begebene Hypothekenpfandbriefe (hypoteční 
zástavní listy). 
(2) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe verbriefen direkte, unbedingte, nicht nachrangige und unbesicherte 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und sind gleichrangig sowohl untereinander als auch bezüglich aller 
anderen von der Emittentin begebenen Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe, die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehen und von derselben Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen (wobei die Emittentin nach 
eigenem Ermessen mehrere Deckungsmassen bilden kann), sowie bezüglich aller anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die den Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefen gleichrangig gestellt 
wurden. Obschon die Hypothekenpfandbriefe unbesicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin darstellen, 
sind im Falle eines etwaigen gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahrens besondere Regeln für 
die Verbindlichkeiten anwendbar, die sich aus solchen von der Emittentin begebenen ausstehenden 
Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefen ergeben. 
(3) 
Bei 
den 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen 
handelt 
es 
sich 
um 
["CRR-kompatible 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe"]["Europäische Pfandbriefe (Premium)"], die den Anforderungen von § 28a 
Abs. 2 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genügen und bei denen ausschließlich die 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin verwendet werden, um den Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 
des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes zu genügen. 
(4) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Angepasster Wert bezeichnet, soweit die einschlägigen Gesetze nichts anderes vorsehen:

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
für jedes CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden Größen: 
(i) 
den Nennwert des CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehen; und 
(ii) 
80 % 
des 
Werts 
der 
Beliehenen 
Immobilie 
bezüglich 
dieses 
CRR-
Wohnhypothekendarlehens;  
(b) 
für jedes CRR-Gewerbliche-Hypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedriegeren Wert der folgenden 
Größen: 
(i) 
den Nennwert des CRR-Gewerblichen Hypothekendarlehens; und 
(ii) 
60 % des Werts der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses CRR-Gewerblichen 
Hypothekendarlehens; 
(c) 
für jedes Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz den jeweils niedriegeren Wert der folgenden 
Größen: 
(i) 
den Nennwert des Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz s; and 
(ii) 
der Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses Hypothekendarlehens gemäß 
SchVG-cz;  
(d) 
für jede PSB-Forderung und -Risikoposition: deren ausstehenden Nennwert; 
(e) 
für Bargeld: den ausstehenden Nennwert; 
(f) 
für jedes Derivat: dessen tatsächlichen Wert gemäß anwendbarem Recht; und 
(g) 
jedes Liquide Mittel, das: 
(i) 
gemäß § 28aa Abs. 3 Buchst. a des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, 
deren Marktwert gemäß Artikel 9 der Delegierten Verordnung (EU) 2015/61 der 
Kommission vom 10. Oktober 2014 zur Ergänzung der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
575/2013 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates im Hinblick auf die 
Liquiditätsdeckungsanforderung für Kreditinstitute bestimmt (und erforderlichenfalls 
reduziert) wird; oder 
(ii) 
gemäß § 28aa Abs. 3 Buchst. b des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
seinem Nennwert entspricht. 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag bezeichnet den Sonderaufsichtsvertrag vom 15. Dezember 2020 in der am am 
5. September 2024 geänderten und neu gefassten Fassung zwischen der Emittentin als Emittent und 
Deloitte Audit s.r.o. als Sonderaufseher (Sonderaufseher). 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet: 
(a) 
den Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag; und  
(b) nach dem den Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag: 
(i) 
soweit kein fortbestehender Kündigungsgrund vorliegt: den Ersten 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag 
und 
das 
Datum 
seiner 
alljährlichen 
Wiederkehr; und 
(ii) 
nach Eintreten eines Kündigungsgrundes: jedes Monatliche Datum, das einen 
Kalendermonat oder später nach dem ersten Eintreten des Kündigungsgrundes 
folgt, solange dieser fortbesteht.

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
 
Zeichnungsberechtigter bezeichnet eine Person, die ein Gesellschaftsamt bei der Emittentin bekleidet 
oder einer andere Person, die von der Emittentin als Zeichnungsberechtigter ernannt wurde und für die 
eine von der Emittentin unterzeichnete Urkunde vorgelegt wurde, in der Name und Unterschrift dieser 
Person aufgeführt sind und die die Zeichnungsberechtigung dieser Person bestätigt. 
Geschäftstag bezeichnet jeden Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Handelsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in Prag Zahlungen abwickeln oder T2 für Zahlungen oder Wechselgeschäfte mit dem 
Euro als Ausgangs- oder Zielwährung geöffnet ist. 
Bargeld bezeichnet Bargeldforderungen oder sonstige Vermögenswerte der Emittentin gemäß § 31 Abs. 
2 Buchst. d des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
CNB bezeichnet die Tschechische Nationalbank. 
CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 2/2019 Slg. der CNB vom 21.12.2018 (Vyhláška České 
národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018), über die Umsetzung einiger Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Vertraglicher bereinigter Saldo der Deckungsmasse bezeichnet die Summe der ausstehenden 
Angepassten Werte für alle Deckungsaktiva. 
Deckungsaktiva bezeichnet die im Deckungsregister eingestellten Deckungsaktiva, die den 
Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien (falls zutreffend für die 
jeweiligen Deckungsaktiva) genügen. 
Deckungsregister bezeichnet das jeweilige Deckungsregister für jede Deckungsmasse, die von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung 
geführt wird.  
Deckungsmasse bezeichnet einen Teil des Vermögens der Emittentin, welcher buchhalterisch separat 
erfasst wird und aus Aktivposten besteht, welche die relevanten Auswahlkriterien erfüllen, die in diesen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen (sofern für die jeweiligen Deckungsaktiva anwendbar) festgelegt 
sind, und die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin decken sollen, welche sich aus den Tschechischen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen ergeben (wozu u.a. deren Gesamtnennwert und anteiliger Ertrag gehören). 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013 über Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
CRR-Gewerbliches-Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet das CRR-Hypothekendarlehen, das durch die 
Beliehene Immobilie, die eine gewerblich genutzte Immobilie im Sinne der CRR ist, besichert ist. 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die Forderungen der Emittentin aus Hypothekendarlehen 
gemäß Art. 129 Abs. 1 d) bis f) der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR). 
CRR PSB-Forderungen bezeichnet Risikopositionen gemäß Art. 129 Abs. 1 a) oder b) der 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR).  
CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehen bezeichnet das CRR-Hypothekendarlehen, das durch die Beliehene 
Immobilie, die eine Wohnimmobilie gemäß Artikel 4(75) der CRR ist, besichert ist. 
Tschechisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Bankengesetz Nr. 21/1992 Slg., in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
Nr. 190/2004 Slg., in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz bezeichnet die Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin gemäß 
§ 31 Abs. 2 Buchst. a des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes.

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
 
PSB-Forderungen gemäß SchVG-cz bezeichnet die in § 31 Abs. 2 Buchst. b und Buchst. c des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Forderungen, die auch mit § 31 Abs. 8 des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes übereinstimmen. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 256/2004 Slg., über 
Kapitalmarktgeschäfte, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 15/1998 Slg., 
über die Aufsicht im Bereich Kapitalmärkte und die Änderung bestimmter Gesetze, in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechische Insolvenzordnung bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 182/2006 Slg., über Insolvenz 
und die Methoden zu deren Abwicklung (Insolvenzordnung), in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechische Hypothekenpfandbriefe bezeichnet alle Instrumente und Wertpapiere, die von der 
Emittentin in der Form von Hypothekenpfandbriefen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 
2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes begeben wurden, und zwar unabhängig 
davon, ob diese tschechischem oder Drittstaatrecht unterworfen wurden, und unabhängig davon, ob sie 
im Rahmen des Programms (als die hierin definierten Hypothekenpfandbriefe) oder im Rahmen eines 
von der Emittentin erst noch aufzulegenden Programms oder als eigenständiges Produkt aufgelegt 
werden. 
Tschechisches Vermögensbewertungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 151/1997 Slg., 
über Vermögensbewertung, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Liegenschaftskataster  bezeichnet das tschechische Liegenschaftskataster (katastr 
nemovitostí), das gemäß Gesetz Nr. 256/2013 Slg. über das Liegenschaftskataster, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung. 
Dealer bezeichnet Raiffeisen Bank International, Raiffeisenbank a.s. sowie weitere von Zeit zu Zeit im 
Einklang mit dem Dealer Agreement für eine bestimmte Emission oder auf fortlaufender Basis ernannte 
Dealer (zusammen Dealer). 
Dealer Agreement bezeichnet das geänderte und neu gefasste Dealer Agreement vom 5. September 
2024 zwischen der Emittentin, Raiffeisen Bank International als Arrangeur und Dealer, und 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. als Dealer. 
Schulden bezeichnet alle Schulden, die durch die Deckungsmasse gedeckt sind zu Zwecken der in 
Artikel 28a Abs. 1 und 2 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes dargelegten Gesetzlichen 
Tests. 
Verzug bezeichnet einen Verzug in Bezug auf den Darlehensnehmer unter dem Hypothekendarlehen 
gemäß Artikel 178 der CRR.  
Notleidendes Darlehen  bezeichnet ein Hypothekendarlehen, bezüglich dessen ein Verzug eingetreten 
ist und weiterhin besteht. 
Derivate bezeichnet die sich aus einem Derivat ergebenden Rechte gemäß Art. 2 Ziffer 5 der 
Verordnung (EU) 648/2012 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates über OTC-Derivate, zentrale 
Gegenparteien und Transaktionsregister (also eines der in Ziffer 4 bis 10 in Anhang I, Abschnitt C der 
MiFID II-Verordnung aufgeführten Finanzinstrumente), vorausgesetzt, alle relevanten Bedingungen 
gemäß § 31 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes sind erfüllt;  
Erster Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag  bezeichnet den 30. September 2024; 
Ausgabetag bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem die Emittentin Hypothekenpfandbriefe unter dem Programm 
begibt;

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag bezeichnet den geänderten und neu gefassten Vertrag über die 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstelle vom 5. September 2024 zwischen der Emittentin und Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch als der Hauptzahlstelle. 
Liquide Mittel bezeichnet die im Deckungsvermögensregister gemäß § 28aa Abs. 3 des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes eingetragenen Mittel. 
LTV-Quote bezeichnet das prozentuale Verhältnis des Betrags der Forderungen der Emittentin aus 
einem Hypothekendarlehen geteilt durch den Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie der maßgeblichen 
Beliehenen Immobilie, die dieses Hypothekendarlehen besichert. 
Monatliches Datum bezeichnet den ersten Tag jedes Monats bzw. falls, dieser kein Geschäftstag ist, 
den unmittelbar darauffolgenden Geschäftstag. 
Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz und die in der 
Deckungsmasse enthaltenen CRR-Hypothekendarlehen. 
Beliehene Immobilie bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein beliebiges Hypothekendarlehen die zur Besicherung 
dieses Hypothekendarlehens verpfändete Immobilie, in Bezug auf die alle maßgeblichen geltenden 
Gesetze erfüllt sind. 
Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezeichnet den Gesamtwert der Beliehenen Immobilie, der von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit den anzuwendenden Gesetzen (einschließlich dem Tschechisches 
Vermögensbewertungsgesetz) und mit den internen Regelungen der Emittentin für die Bewertung 
Beliehener Immobilien bestimmt wurde.  
Nennwert bezeichnet die ausstehende Hauptforderung eines Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefs, 
Hypothekendarlehens oder andere Schulden oder Sicherheiten bzw. eine Summe davon, wenn der 
Kontext dies erfordert. 
Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund bezeichnet einen Zustand, ein Ereignis oder eine Handlung, der bzw. 
das bzw. die einen Kündigungsgrund darstellen würde, sobald mehr Zeit verstrichen ist bzw. falls eine 
Mitteilung, Bestätigung, Erklärung, Forderung und/oder Ersuchen erteilt oder übermittelt wird oder eine 
vergleichbare Maßnahme ergriffen wird oder eine vergleichbare Bedingung erfüllt ist. 
Programm bezeichnet das € 5.000.000.000 Programm der Emittentin für die Begebung von 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen. 
PSB-Forderungen und -Risikopositionen bezeichnet die CRR PSB-Forderungen und die PSB-
Forderungen gemäß SchVG-cz. 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. sowie jeglichen Rechtsnachfolger, 
welcher deren Ratinggeschäft übernimmt. 
Eingetragener Nennwert bezeichnet den Teil des Nennwerts eines Hypothekendarlehens, der im 
Deckungsregister gemäß Artikel 3 Abs. 2 (g) der CNB-Verordnung zu Zwecken der Übereinstimmung 
mit Artikel 28a des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes eingetragen ist. 
Maßgeblicher Wechselkurs bezeichnet den von der Emittentin bestimmten Gegenwert in 
tschechischen Kronen (koruna) (i) anhand des Kurses, wie ihn die CNB oder eine Nachfolgerquelle für 
die Umrechnung der relevanten Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen für den Bankarbeitstag bereitstellt, 
der der jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht [oder, (ii) falls ein solcher direkter Wechselkurs für 
die relevante(n) Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen nicht verfügbar ist, der (von der jeweiligen 
Zentralbank bereitgestellten) Kurs für die Umrechnung der relevante(n) Währungen in U.S.-Dollar oder 
Euro, gefolgt von der Umrechnung des betreffenden Betrags in U.S.-Dollar oder Euro in tschechische 
Kronen anhand des (seitens der CNB bereitgestellten) Wechselkurses für den Bankarbeitstag, der der 
jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht.]

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
 
Staatliche Subvention  bezeichnet jede Subvention oder ähnliche Leistung im Sinne der Verordnung 
Nr. 249/2002 Slg. der tschechischen Regierung über Bedingungen der Gewährung von Subventionen in 
Bezug auf Hypothekendarlehen für Personen unter 36 Jahren, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, und 
Verordnung Nr. 244/1995 Slg. der tschechischen Regierung über Bedingungen der Gewährung von 
finanziellen Subventionen in Bezug auf Hypothekendarlehen für Wohnbauentwicklung, in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung, oder jede Subvention oder Leistung ähnlicher Art, die nach dem Datum des 
Basisprospekts eingeführt werden können; zur Klarstellung: die Definition der Staatlichen Subvention 
umfasst keine Steuervergünstigungen. 
Gesetzliche Tests bezeichnet alle vom Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz für die Emittentin 
vorgeschriebenen Tests (einschließlich der in §§ 28a Abs. 1, Abs. 2 und Abs. 3 und 28aa des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Tests). 
Gesetzliche Auswahlkriterien bezeichnet die im Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der 
CNB-Verordnung (und insbesondere in §§ 30 und 31 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes) 
enthaltenen gesetzlichen Kriterien, nach denen entschieden wird, welche Deckungsaktiva Bestandteil 
der Deckungsmasse sein können. 
Tochterunternehmen bezeichnet bezüglich einer beliebigen Person (Ersten Person) zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt eine solche andere Person (Zweite Person): 
(a) 
deren Angelegenheiten und Unternehmenspolitik von der Ersten Person beherrscht werden 
bzw. beherrscht werden können, sei es im Wege einer Beteiligung, eines Vertrags, der Befugnis 
zur Ernennung oder Abberufung von Mitgliedern des Führungsgremiums der Zweiten Person, 
oder anderweitig; oder  
(b) 
deren Jahresabschluss gemäß dem anzuwendenden Recht und den allgemein anerkannten 
Rechnungslegungsgrundsätzen mit dem der Ersten Person konsolidiert wird. 
Transaktionsdokumente bezeichnet:  
(a) 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen; 
(b) 
die relevante Fassung der Endgültigen Bedingungen; 
(c) 
das Dealer Agreement;  
(d) 
den Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag; und 
(e) 
den Sonderaufsichtsvertrag. 
(5) 
Soweit sich aus dem Kontext nichts Gegenteiliges ergibt, gilt, dass eine Bezugnahme in diesen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen: 
(a) 
auf irgendein Transaktionsdokument oder eine sonstige Vereinbarung oder ein sonstiges 
Instrument als Bezugnahme auf das jeweilige Transaktionsdokument bzw. die jeweilige 
Vereinbarung oder das jeweilige Instrument in deren allfällig geänderten, erneuerten, 
ergänzten, erweiterten oder neugefassten Fassung zu verstehen ist; und  
(b) 
auf eine Gesetzesnorm oder eine gesetzliche Vorschrift als Bezugnahme auf die allfällig 
geänderte, ersetzte oder neugefasste Gesetzesnorm oder Vorschrift zu verstehen ist.  
(6) 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, in Zukunft zusätzliche Deckungsmassen bezüglich der 
Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu bilden. Ist dies der Fall, so bleiben die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehenden Hypothekenpfandbriefe von der Deckungsmasse gedeckt, die zum Ausgabetag 
besteht, und zwar in deren allfällig geänderten oder ergänzten Form.

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
 
§ 8 
(Verpflichtungen der Emittentin) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, die Deckungsmasse im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien, den Gesetzlichen Tests und den weiteren einschlägigen Anforderungen gemäß dem 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung aufrechtzuerhalten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, an jedem Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und an jedem Ausgabetag die 
vorgeschriebenen Kontrollen und Prüfungen vorzunehmen, um sicherzustellen, dass jedes in die 
Deckungsmasse eingebrachte Hypothekendarlehen auch weiterhin im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien (gemäß nachstehender Definition) ist. Soweit 
kein Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien gegeben 
ist, wird die Emittentin Bestandteile der Deckungsmasse entsprechend ersetzen, um den Einklang mit 
den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien herzustellen. 
(2) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem sicherzustellen, dass der Vertragliche Bereinigte Saldo der 
Deckungsmasse mindestens 110 % aller Schulden beträgt (Vertragliche Deckungstest). In Bezug auf 
den Vertraglichen Deckungstest wird, unter Vorbehalt des anwendbaren Rechts, jeder Betrag (i) sofern 
er auf eine andere Währung als die Tschechische Krone lautet, im entsprechenden Gegenwert der 
Tschechischen Kronen, der unter Anwendung des Maßgeblichen Wechselkurses für solche Beträge am 
maßgeblichen Datum ermittelt wird; und (ii) sofern der Betrag auf Tschechische Kronen lautet, im 
entsprechenden Betrag in Tschechischen Kronen berechnet. 
(3) 
Die Emittentin wird jeweils am Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und jedem Ausgabetag ihre Einhaltung 
der Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests prüfen; soweit sie diesen nicht genügt, wird 
sie Ersetzungen in der Deckungsmasse vornehmen, um die Einhaltung der Gesetzlichen Tests und des 
Vertraglichen Deckungstests zu gewährleisten. Zur Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen 
Deckungstest löst keinen Kündigungsgrund aus. Allerdings darf die Emittentin, solange dieser Verstoß 
fortbesteht, keine Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse der 
Emittentin Nutzen ziehen. 
(4) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, der Ratingagentur (bzw. einer anderen Ratingagentur, die eine 
Bewertung für die Hypothekenpfandbriefe abgegeben hat) und dem Sonderaufseher von Zeit zu Zeit 
Auskünfte über den aktuellen Wert des Vertraglichen Bereinigten Saldos der Deckungsmasse zu erteilen 
und die Einhaltung des Vertraglichen Deckungstests durch die Emittentin zu bestätigen.  
(5) 
Zusätzlich zu den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien wird die Emittentin außerdem dafür sorgen, dass die 
Deckungsmasse auch die folgenden vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien in Bezug auf in der Deckungsmasse 
enthaltene Deckungsaktiva erfüllt (zusammen Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien):  
(a) 
die Hypothekendarlehen unterliegen tschechischem Recht; 
(b) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sind vollständig ausgezahlt, und der betreffende Darlehensnehmer hat 
kein Recht oder keinen Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen Vorschuss der Emittentin; 
(c) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sahen zum Zeitpunkt der Auszahlung keine Staatliche Subvention in 
Bezug auf den Nennbetrag oder Zinsen vor; 
(d) 
die Beliehene Immobilie ist eine Immobilie, die vollständig errichtet wurde, wie ein Auszug 
aus dem tschechischen Immobilienregister belegt; 
(e) 
die Beliehene Immobilie befindet sich in der Tschechischen Republik 
(f) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sind keine Notleidenden Darlehen; 
(g) 
bei den Hypothekendarlehen ist die maximale Höhe der besicherten Forderungen der Emittentin 
mindestens gleich dem Eingetragenen Nennwert dieses Hypothekendarlehens; 
(h) 
die LTV-Quote des CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehens beträgt nicht mehr als 80 % und wenn 
diese Schwelle überschritten wird, wird der Teil des Nennwerts dieses CRR-

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
 
Wohnhypothekendarelehens, der die LTV-Quote von 80 % überschreitet, zu Zwecken des 
Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests nicht berücksichtigt;; 
(i) 
die LTV-Quote des CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehens beträgt nicht mehr als 60 % und wenn 
diese Schwelle überschritten wird, wird der Teil des Nennwerts dieses CRR-
Wohnhypothekendarelehens, der die LTV-Quote von 60 % überschreitet, zu Zwecken des 
Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests nicht berücksichtigt;  
(j) 
der Darlehensnehmer unter dem Hypothekendarlehen hat mindestens eine Ratenzahlung 
geleistet; 
(k) 
sämtliche vom jeweiligen Darlehensnehmer zahlbaren Hypothekendarlehen lauten auf 
Tschechische Kronen (oder eine andere Währung, die die Tschechische Krone als offizielle 
gesetzliche Währung in der Tschechischen Republik ab dem Zeitpunkt einer solchen Ersetzung 
ersetzen kann); 
(l) 
der Nennwert der Hypothekendarlehen, die den Mitarbeitern der Emittentin gewährt werden, 
beträgt nicht mehr als 5 % des Nennwerts der Hypothekendarlehen, die in der Deckungsmasse 
enthalten ist; und 
(m) 
die Deckungsmasse enthält keine Asset-Backed Securities. 
In Bezug auf die Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien wird, unter Vorbehalt des anwendbaren Rechts, jeder 
Betrag (i) sofern er auf eine andere Währung als die Tschechische Krone lautet, im entsprechenden 
Gegenwert der Tschechischen Kronen, der unter Anwendung des Maßgeblichen Wechselkurses für 
solche Beträge am maßgeblichen Datum ermittelt wird; und (ii) sofern der Betrag auf Tschechische 
Kronen lautet, im entsprechenden Betrag in Tschechischen Kronen berechnet. 
(6) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem für den gesamten Zeitraum, zu dem irgendwelche der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe ausstehen: 
(a) 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger (im Einklang mit § 11) und die Hauptzahlstelle 
unverzüglich vom Eintreten jeglichen Kündigungsgrundes in Kenntnis zu setzen; 
(b) 
ihren Sitz in der Tschechischen Republik und ihre Bankenlizenz gemäß dem Tschechischen 
Bankengesetz aufrechtzuerhalten, sowie sämtliche weiteren Zulassungen und Registrierungen, 
die für das Programm gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften der Tschechischen Republik 
erforderlich sind (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das Tschechische 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das Tschechische 
Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt), und der CNB sämtliche Dokumente zur Verfügung 
zu stellen, die für die Aufrechterhaltung der Zulassungen und Registrierungen erforderlich sind, 
insbesondere verfügt sie über eine gültige Genehmigung für ihre gedeckten Blocks gemäß 
§ 30d Abs. 3 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes (die Erlaubnis für Covered 
Block); 
(c) 
in allen wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften 
der Tschechischen Republik (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das 
Tschechische Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und wie 
gemäß dieser Rechtsvorschriften erforderlich; insbesondere hat die Emittentin in allen 
wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß der CNB-Verordnung und anderen 
Durchführungsvorschriften zum Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezüglich der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe einzuhalten, was uneingeschränkt ihre Verpflichtungen betreffend die 
Führung des Deckungsregisters und sämtliche weiteren Dauerpflichten der Emittentin 
betreffend die Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe und die Deckungsmasse einschließt; 
(d) 
in englischer Sprache sämtliche Berichte und mit Bestätigungsvermerk versehenen geprüften 
Jahresabschlüsse für das jeweilige Geschäftsjahr/die jeweilige Rechnungsperiode zu 
veröffentlichen, die die Bilanz und die Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung enthalten sollen, sowie 
sämtliche weiteren an Gläubiger der Emittentin ergehenden Mitteilungen, Erklärungen oder

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
 
Rundschreiben, und zwar jeweils sobald als möglich nach dem Erscheinungsdatum, jedenfalls 
aber innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Bilanzstichtag der Emittentin; 
(e) 
zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung des Geschäftsberichts und des Jahresabschlusses gemäß 
vorstehendem Buchstaben (f) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittenten 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zu veröffentlichen, wonach nach bestem Wissen und Gewissen 
der Emittentin Folgendes der Fall ist: (a) während des Zeitraums zwischen dem Abgabedatum 
der letzten Bescheinigung (bzw., im Falle der ersten solchen Bescheinigung, dem Datum dieser 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen) und dem Datum der Abgabe der aktuellen Bescheinigung 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
ihren 
wesentlichen 
Verpflichtungen 
gemäß 
diesen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen, dem Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag und den übrigen 
Transaktionsdokumenten nachgekommen (und falls dies nicht der Fall ist, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu den Umständen dieser Nichteinhaltung der Verpflichtungen), und (b) 
unbeschadet der Allgemeingültigkeit dieses Buchstabens (e) und des vorstehenden 
Buchstabens (d) lag zu einem Zeitpunkt von nicht mehr als 10 Tagen vor Zustellung der 
Bescheinigung kein Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vor (und falls ein 
solcher Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vorliegt, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu selbigem); 
(f) 
jeden Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger auf dessen schriftlichen Wunsch hin mit sämtlichen 
Berichten zu versorgen, die vom Sonderaufseher gemäß dem Sonderaufsichtsvertrag erstellt 
wurden; 
(g) 
keine der Bedingungen des Sonderaufsichtsvertrags anzupassen, zu ändern, zu erneuern, zu 
ergänzen oder aufzuheben, ausgenommen: 
(i) 
rein verwaltungstechnische Änderungen und Korrekturen offensichtlicher Irrtümer; 
(ii) 
notwendige Änderungen im Zuge einer Änderung von Gesetzen oder deren 
Auslegung, einschließlich des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der 
CNB-Verordnung; oder  
(iii) 
Änderungen, die den Interessen der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger nicht wesentlich 
entgegenstehen. 
§ 9 
(Kündigungsgründe) 
(1) 
Jeder Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Hypothekenpfandbriefe sofort fällig zu stellen 
und deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zu verlangen, falls eines oder mehrere 
der folgenden Ereignisse (jeweils ein Kündigungsgrund) eintreten und andauern: 
(a) 
Nichterfüllung irgendwelcher Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Emittentin gemäß bzw. im 
Zusammenhang mit den Hypothekenpfandbriefen für einen Zeitraum von mehr als 10 (zehn) 
Bankarbeitstagen ab dem Tag der Fälligkeit dieser Zahlungsverpflichtungen; oder 
(b) 
Die Emittentin erfüllt die Gesetzlichen Tests für einen Zeitraum von mehr als drei Monaten nicht. 
Das Recht zur Fälligstellung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe erlischt, falls der fragliche Kündigungsgrund 
behoben wurde, bevor es zur Ausübung des Rechts kam. 
(2) 
Die Mitteilung der Fälligstellung von Hypothekenpfandbriefen gemäß vorstehendem Abs. 1 soll in 
Textform seitens des Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigers an die Hauptzahlstelle erfolgen, die persönlich 
oder per Einschreiben zuzustellen ist und einen hinreichend stichhaltigen Nachweis enthalten muss, dass 
der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Inhaber der relevanten 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe ist. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden zum Zeitpunkt des Erhalts der Mitteilung 
durch die Hauptzahlstelle fällig. Die Hauptzahlstelle wird die Mitteilung ohne weitere Prüfung umgehend 
an die Emittentin weiterleiten.

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
 
§ 10 
(Zusätzliche Pflichten der Emittentin zum Vorteil der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger) 
 
Unbeschadet des § 9 gilt, falls eines oder mehrere der folgenden Ereignisse eintritt bzw. eintreten und andauert 
bzw. andauern: 
(a) 
Die Emittentin versäumt es, irgendwelche weiteren Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen einzuhalten 
oder zu erfüllen, und dieser Verzug besteht unbehoben für 45 (fünfundvierzig) Kalendertage ab 
dem Tag fort, an dem der Emittentin eine Mitteilung seitens des Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigers 
zugestellt wurde, in der sie aufgefordert wird, Abhilfe zu schaffen (mit Ausnahme derjenigen 
Fälle, in denen der Verzug wegen seiner Wesensart nicht behoben werden kann, und in denen 
deshalb weder Fortbestand noch Aufforderung zur Abhilfe erforderlich sind, um den 
Kündigungsgrund zu begründen); unter Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen sind jegliche 
wesentliche Verpflichtungen der Emittentin gemäß den Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen und 
gemäß Sonderaufsichtsvertrag zu verstehen;  
(b) 
ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen Deckungstet in Bezug auf die Deckungsmasse; oder 
(c) 
solange dies nach geltendem Recht vorgeschrieben ist, die Emittentin nicht über die Erlaubnis für 
Covered Block verfügt, 
und sofern Hypothekenpfandbriefe dann ausstehend sind, darf die Emittentin keine Tschechischen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen.  
§ 11 
(Mitteilungen) 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind im Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen 
[und]  
[Wenn die Veröffentlichung daneben in einem Börsenpflichtblatt zu machen ist:, soweit gesetzlich 
erforderlich in einem Börsenpflichtblatt. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des Börsenpflichtblatts 
einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr möglich, werden die Mitteilungen in 
einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals 
veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.] 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse bewirkt 
werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden [zusätzlich] durch elektronische 
Veröffentlichung 
auf 
der 
Homepage 
der 
[maßgebliche 
Börse] 
[Luxembuger 
Börse] 
(www.[Internetadresse einfügen] [luxse.com]). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem 
Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.]]

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
 
[(2)] Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
[Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen:  
 
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe dem Clearingsystem 
zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger. Jede solche 
Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag nach 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Übermittlung 
der 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
als 
an 
die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die Emittentin die 
jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger 
übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die Hypothekenpfandbriefe notiert sind, diese Form 
der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET] [Londoner] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von TARGET Bankarbeitstag einfügen: TARGET Bankarbeitstag ist ein Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), T2 zur Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET Bankarbeitstagen: [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
[London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) 
geöffnet sind.]] 
§ 12 
(Rückerwerb) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Hypothekenpfandbriefe am Markt oder auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte Hypothekenpfandbriefe können nach 
Ermessen der Emittentin von der Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur Entwertung 
übermittelt werden. 
§ 13 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Abs. 1 Satz 1 BGB vorgesehene Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Hypothekenpfandbriefe auf zehn Jahre 
verkürzt. 
§ 14 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon unberührt. Eine in Folge 
Unwirksamkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen entstehende Lücke ist durch 
eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen und den Interessen der Parteien 
entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen.

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
 
§ 15 
(Anwendbares Recht, Gerichtsstand[, Sprache]) 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt der Hypothekenpfandbriefe sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Emittentin und der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger unterliegen dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(2) 
Obschon die Hypothekenpfandbriefe ansonsten dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterliegen 
und nach diesem auszulegen sind, ziehen sie Nutzen aus den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, 
der 
CNB-Verordnung, 
der 
Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung und weiteren Bestimmungen des tschechischen Rechts, die auf die Tschechischen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe anwendbar oder anderweitig für diese von Relevanz sind. Deshalb müssen die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe die Anforderungen der §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes erfüllen und die Deckungsmasse und ihre Verwaltung unterliegen 
tschechischem Recht. Außerdem finden im Falle eines Insolvenzverfahrens gegen die Emittentin § 375 
der Tschechischen Insolvenzordnung sowie weitere einschlägige Bestimmungen der Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung Anwendung auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe und die Deckungsmasse. 
(3) 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den in diesen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, Frankfurt 
am Main. 
[Nur einfügen, falls die Anleihebedingungen nicht ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind: 
(4) 
[Falls 
nicht-bindende 
englische 
Übersetzung 
beigefügt 
wird, 
einfügen: 
Diese 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.]] 
[Falls 
nicht-bindende 
deutsche 
Übersetzung 
beigefügt 
wird, 
einfügen: 
Diese 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]] 
§ 16 
(Änderungen der Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen) 
(1) 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (SchVG) finden auf die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
Anwendung. 
Von 
daher 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
diese 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen mit der im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses erteilten Einwilligung 
der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger zu ändern.  
(2) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses insbesondere 
Folgendem zustimmen: 
(a) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für den Zinszahltag, die Minderung oder Aufhebung des Zinses; 
(b) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für die Zahlung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(c) 
Minderung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(d) 
Nachrangigstellung der sich aus den Hypothekenpfandbriefen ergebenden Forderungen in einem 
gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahren;  
(e) 
die Umwandlung bzw. der Austausch der Hypothekenpfandbriefe gegen Aktien oder andere 
Wertpapiere oder Obligationen; 
(f) 
Wechsel bzw. Freigabe von Sicherheiten; 
(g) 
Änderung der Währung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe;

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
 
(h) 
Verzicht 
auf 
bzw. 
Einschränkung 
der 
Kündigungsrechte, 
die 
sich 
für 
die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger aus den Hypothekenpfandbriefen ergeben; 
(i) 
Änderung oder Aufhebung von Nebenbestimmungen der Hypothekenpfandbriefe; und  
(j) 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
für 
die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
kann 
nicht 
dazu 
verwendet 
werden, 
irgendwelchen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern 
eine 
Zahlungsverpflichtung 
oder 
sonstige 
Leistungspflichten 
aufzuerlegen. 
(3) 
Gemäß § 18 SchVG verabschieden die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger ihre Beschlüsse im Wege einer 
Abstimmung [ohne persönliche Zusammenkunft] [im Rahmen einer persönlichen Zusammenkunft]. 
Die Versammlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger wird von der Emittentin oder vom Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (gemäß der Definition in nachstehender Ziffer 8) einberufen. Gemäß § 9 Abs. 1 Satz 1 SchVG 
i. Verb. m. § 18 SchVG gilt, dass die Versammlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger einberufen 
werden muss, falls Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger, die zusammen Hypothekenpfandbriefe in einem Wert 
von 5 % des ausstehenden Kapitalbetrags der Hypothekenpfandbriefe schriftlich hierum nachsuchen, unter 
Benennung einer der in § 9 Abs. 1 Satz 1 SchVG aufgeführten Gründe. 
(4) 
Beschlüsse der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger werden, vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und 
solange Beschlussfähigkeit gegeben ist, durch eine einfache Mehrheit von Stimmen der stimmberechtigten 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gefasst. 
Für die Verabschiedung von Beschlüssen in den Fällen gemäß § 16 (2) (a) bis (i) bedarf es einer Mehrheit 
von mindestens 75 % der Stimmen der stimmberechtigten Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger.  
(5) 
Die an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger geben ihre Stimmen gemäß der 
Höhe des Kapitalbetrags bzw. ihres rechnerischen Anteils an den ausstehenden Hypothekenpfandbriefen 
ab. Solange die Berechtigung aus den Hypothekenpfandbriefen bei der Emittentin oder irgendeinem ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen liegt bzw. auf Rechnung der Emittentin oder ihres verbundenen Unternehmens 
gehalten wird (§ 271 Abs. 2 des Handelsgesetzbuchs), ruht das Stimmrecht in Bezug auf solche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe. Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die mit solchen ruhenden Stimmrechten 
verbundenen Hypothekenpfandbriefe auf einen Dritten zu übertragen, um die Ausübung der Stimmrechte 
anstelle der Emittentin zu ermöglichen; dies gilt auch für alle verbundenen Unternehmen der Emittentin. 
Niemand ist berechtigt, ein solches Stimmrecht für den im dritten Satz (erster Halbsatz) weiter oben 
beschriebenen Zweck auszuüben.  
(6) 
Bindende Wirkung: Mehrheitsbeschlüsse sind für alle Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger verbindlich. 
Beschlüsse, die nicht für identische Bedingungen für alle Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger sorgen, sind 
nichtig, es sei denn, die benachteiligten Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger haben dieser nachteiligen 
Behandlung ausdrücklich zugestimmt. 
(7) 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger müssen ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an Abstimmungen zum 
Zeitpunkt der Abstimmung nachweisen, und zwar durch eine besondere Bescheinigung seitens der 
Depotstelle (wie nachstehend definiert) und durch Vorlage einer Weisung zur Sperrung seitens der 
Depotstelle zugunsten der Hauptzahlstelle für den Zeitraum der Abstimmung. 
Die von der Depotstelle erteilte Bescheinigung muss 
(a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die Adresse des Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigers bezeichnen; 
(b) 
den Gesamtkapitalbetrag der Hypothekenpfandbriefe bezeichnen, der dem Wertpapierkonto zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erteilung der Bescheinigung gutgeschrieben ist; und

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
 
(c) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotstelle dem Clearingsystem und der Hauptzahlstelle schriftlich die 
Informationen gemäß (a) und (b) übermittelt hat, sowie Bestätigungen seitens des 
Clearingsystems. 
Depotstelle bezeichnet eine Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Kreditinstitut, die bzw. das zur 
geschäftsmäßigen 
Wertpapierverwahrung berechtigt 
ist 
und 
bei der 
bzw. bei 
dem der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger ein Wertpapierkonto betreffend die Hypothekenpfandbriefe unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
(8) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (Gemeinsamer Vertreter) bestellen, der dann die Rechte der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger 
namens jedes einzelnen Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigers ausübt. Jede geschäftsfähige natürliche Person 
oder qualifizierte juristische Person kann als Gemeinsamer Vertreter tätig werden. Jede Person, die: 
(a) 
Mitglied 
des 
Verwaltungsrats, 
Aufsichtsrats, 
Vorstands 
oder 
eines 
vergleichbaren 
Gesellschaftsgremiums der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist oder 
dort ein Gesellschaftsamt bekleidet oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; 
(b) 
eine Beteiligung von mindestens 20 % am Aktienkapital der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen hält; 
(c) 
Finanzgläubiger der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist, mit einer 
Forderung, deren Betrag mindestens 20 % der ausstehenden Hypothekenpfandbriefe entspricht, 
oder bei einem solchen Finanzgläubiger als Mitglied eines Gesellschaftsgremiums, in leitender 
oder verantwortlicher Position oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; oder  
(d) 
aufgrund einer besonderen persönlichen Beziehung zu irgendeiner der unter (i) bis (iii) genannten 
Personen der Kontrolle durch eine solche Person unterworfen ist;  
muss die maßgeblichen Umstände den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern gegenüber offenlegen, bevor er 
als Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. Treten solche Umstände nach der Ernennung zum Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter ein, so wird der Gemeinsame Vertreter die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger unverzüglich in 
angemessener Form hiervon unterrichten. 
(9) 
Dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter kommen die Pflichten und Kompetenzen zu, die ihm das Gesetz oder die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger per Mehrheitsbeschluss einräumen. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat sich 
nach den Weisungen der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger zu richten. Insoweit als der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter bevollmächtigt wurde, bestimmte Rechte der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger geltend zu 
machen, sind die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger nicht berechtigt, diese Rechte selbst in Anspruch zu 
nehmen, es sei denn, der betreffende Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter hat den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern Bericht über seine Tätigkeiten zu erstatten.  
(10) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter haftet den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern gegenüber in deren Eigenschaft 
als Gesamtgläubiger für die Erfüllung seiner Pflichten, derer er sich mit der Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen 
Geschäftsleiters auszuüben hat. [Falls der Beschluss der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger eine 
Beschränkung der Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters vorsieht, einfügen: Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters kann im Wege eines von den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern verabschiedeten 
Beschlusses beschränkt werden.][Falls die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters auf einen festen Betrag 
beschränkt ist, einfügen: Die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf einen Betrag des [[Betrag 
einfügen]-fachen 
seiner 
Jahresvergütung] 
[Betrag 
einfügen] 
beschränkt.] 
Die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger entscheiden über die Geltendmachung von Schadensersatzansprüchen 
seitens der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gegenüber dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter. 
(11) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann von den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern jederzeit auch ohne Angabe 
von Gründen von seinem Amt enthoben werden. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann bei der Emittentin um 
sämtliche Auskünfte nachsuchen, die für die Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben erforderlich sind. Die Emittentin 
kommt für die Kosten und Aufwendungen auf, die mit der Ernennung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
verbunden sind, und zwar einschließlich der angemessenen Vergütung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
 
Option III: Emissionsbedingungen für Nullkupon Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
§ 1 
(Serie, Form der Hypothekenpfandbriefe, Ausgabe weiterer Hypothekenpfandbriefe) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (Serie) von Hypothekenpfandbriefen (hypoteční zástavní listy; im Weiteren nur 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe) der Raiffeisenbank a.s. (Emittentin) wird am [Ausgabetag einfügen] 
(Ausgabetag) 
in 
Form 
von 
Inhaberhypothekenpfandbriefen 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
dieser 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen (Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen) in [Festgelegte Währung 
einfügen] (Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] 
(Gesamtnennbetrag) in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (Festgelegte 
Stückelung) begeben. 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wird, einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind anfänglich in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde (Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag (Austauschtag) nach dem Ausgabetag nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen, wonach der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe keine U.S.-Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder Personen, die Hypothekenpfandbriefe über solche Finanzinstitute halten) 
(Bescheinigungen 
über 
Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum), 
gegen 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(Dauerglobalurkunde und, zusammen mit der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, Globalurkunden und 
einzeln jeweils eine Globalurkunde) ausgetauscht. [Falls Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear als 
Clearingsystem bestimmt sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Details eines solchen Austausches werden in den 
Büchern der ICSDs (wie nachfolgend definiert) geführt.]  
Die Inhaber der Hypothekenpfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch 
auf Ausgabe von Hypothekenpfandbriefen in effektiver Form. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind als 
Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems 
übertragbar. Zahlungsansprüche sind durch die Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft. 
U.S.-Personen sind solche, wie sie in Regulation S des United States Securities Act of 1933 definiert 
sind und umfassen insbesondere Gebietsansässige der Vereinigten Staaten sowie amerikanische Kapital- 
und Personengesellschaften.] 
Jede Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten 
Vertretern der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der 
Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert).] 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag, einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft 
(Dauerglobalurkunde oder Globalurkunde), die die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften 
von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert) trägt. Die Inhaber der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe von 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen in effektiver Form. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind als Miteigentumsanteile 
an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems übertragbar. 
Zahlungsansprüche sind durch die Globalurkunde verbrieft.] 
(3) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt. Clearingsystem 
sind Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg (Clearstream, Luxemburg) und Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear)][(Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear sind jeweils ein ICSD (International Central 
Securities Depository) und gemeinsam die ICSDs)].

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde keine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden in Classical Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde eine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden in New Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (Common Safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. Der Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe entspricht dem jeweils in den Büchern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Hypothekenpfandbriefen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem 
ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
ist zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in die Bücher der ICSDs eingetragen und nach dieser Eintragung 
vom Nennbetrag der in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe abgezogen. [Falls die Hypothekenpfandbriefe aufgrund eines optionalen 
Kündigungsrechts teilweise zurückgezahlt werden können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der 
ICSDs im Fall der optionalen Rückzahlung (wie in § 3 definiert) hinsichtlich einer teilweisen 
Rückzahlung wird der ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) entweder als 
Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem Ermessen der ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB 
in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
Die Emittentin darf ohne Zustimmung der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger weitere 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe mit gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen zusammengefasst werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Hypothekenpfandbriefe erhöhen. Der Begriff "Hypothekenpfandbriefe" umfasst 
im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung auch solche zusätzlich begebenen Hypothekenpfandbriefe. 
§ 2 
(Verzinsung) 
(1) 
Während ihrer Laufzeit erfolgen keine periodischen Zinszahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe. 
[Im Fall der Abhängigkeit des, auf den Rückzahlungsbetrag [und den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[und den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] anfallenden, Verzugszinses von der Emissionsrendite, 
einfügen: anfällt, einfügen: 
(2) 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet für die Berechnung des auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief entfallenden 
Zinsbetrags für jeglichen Zeitraum (Berechnungszeitraum): 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA) einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in diesem Berechnungszeitraum (vom ersten Tag dieses Zeitraums 
(einschließlich), jedoch ausschließlich des letzten Tages), geteilt durch die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage 
im jeweiligen Kalenderjahr.]

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil dieses 
Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das 
Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl 
der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365).] 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360 einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird.]] 
§ 3 
(Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag [, Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen, Rückzahlung aufgrund einer 
Gesetzwidrigkeit oder Ungültigkeit, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option)]) 
(1)  
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (Fälligkeitstag) in Höhe [Falls die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung zurückgezahlt werden, einfügen: der 
Festgelegten Stückelung] [Falls die Hypothekenpfandbriefe in einem von der Festgelegten Stückelung 
abweichenden Betrag zurückgezahlt werden, einfügen: von [Betrag einfügen] pro Festgelegte Stückelung] 
(Rückzahlungsbetrag) zur Rückzahlung fällig. Für die Zwecke von § 3 (2), § 3 (3) und § 9 gilt, dass 
jeder 
Hypothekenpfandbrief 
zu 
ihrem 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag) zurückgezahlt wird, der gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet wird:  
 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag = RP x (1 + ER)y 
 
wobei gilt: 
 
RP bezeichnet [Referenzpreis einfügen];  
 
ER bezeichnet [Emissionsrendite als Dezimalzahl einfügen]; und  
 
y bezeichnet den Zinstagequotient (wie in § 2 definiert). 
[Bei Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit (insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 11 an die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] und höchstens 
[maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus, zurückgezahlt werden, falls: 
(a) 
die Emittentin anlässlich der nächsten gemäß der Hypothekenpfandbriefe fälligen Zahlung 
verpflichtet ist bzw. verpflichtet sein wird, zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § 6 zu zahlen, und zwar

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
 
infolge einer Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen innerhalb einer 
Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 6 definiert) oder einer Änderung bezüglich der Anwendung oder 
offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. Neufassung 
am oder nach dem Datum wirksam wird, zu dem eine Vereinbarung über die Ausgabe der ersten 
Tranche der Hypothekenpfandbriefe getroffen wird; und 
(b) 
eine solche Verpflichtung nicht dadurch vermieden werden kann, dass die Emittentin die ihr zur 
Verfügung stehenden angemessenen Maßnahmen ergreift, 
mit der Maßgabe, dass diese Ankündigung der Rückzahlung nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühesten 
Datum erfolgen darf, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls 
eine Zahlung bezüglich der Hypothekenpfandbriefe dann fällig wäre. 
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 (2) ankündigt, wird sie der Hauptzahlstelle 
(zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger an der von ihr 
benannten Geschäftsadresse) (i) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung berechtigt ist, unter 
Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das Recht der Emittentin 
zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind, sowie (ii) ein Gutachten von unabhängigen, anerkannten Rechtsberatern 
zustellen, wonach die Emittentin verpflichtet ist bzw. sein wird, die zusätzlichen Beträge infolge der 
betreffenden Änderung oder Neufassung zu zahlen, woraufhin diese Rückzahlung für die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger abschließende und verbindliche Wirkung entfaltet. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß 
diesem § 3 (2) erforderlichen Bescheinigungen und Gutachten zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; auch 
ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten zu überprüfen, 
zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser 
Bescheinigungen und Gutachten und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt der Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten 
ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 (2) zurückzuzahlende Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden zum 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückbezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) mit den bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.]  
[(2)] [(3)] 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit (insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 11 an 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage und höchstens 
[maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus zurückgezahlt werden, falls es für die Emittentin 
vor dem nächsten Zinszahltag irgendeines Hypothekenpfandbriefs gesetzwidrig geworden ist oder 
gesetzwidrig wird, weiterhin Hypothekenpfandbriefe ausstehen zu lassen, und zwar infolge einer 
Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen oder einer Änderung bezüglich der 
Anwendung oder offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. 
Neufassung vor dem nächsten derartigen Zinszahltag wirksam geworden ist oder wird.  
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 ([2][3]) ankündigt, wird sie der Hauptzahlstelle 
(zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger an der von ihr 
benannten Geschäftsadresse) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung berechtigt ist, unter 
Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das Recht der Emittentin 
zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind. Die Hauptzahlstelle ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und kann nicht dafür 
haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß diesem § 3 ([2][3]) erforderlichen Bescheinigungen 
zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht verpflichtet, bereitgestellte 
Bescheinigungen zu überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, übernimmt keine Verantwortung 
für den Inhalt dieser Bescheinigungen und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt der Bescheinigungen ungenau oder 
falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 ([2][3]) zurückzuzahlende Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden zum Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.  
 [Im Fall einer optionalen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-Option) einfügen: 
[(3)] [(4)]  
Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen ][eines jeden Jahres beginnend am 
[Datum einfügen]] ([der][jedes dieser Daten ein] Kündigungstermin) die Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
vollständig [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Emittentin wird mindestens [Zahl einsetzen (mindestens

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
 
5 Bankarbeitstage)][Bankarbeitstage (wie nachstehend in § 4 ([2][3]) definiert)][Monate] vor dem 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin eine solche Rückzahlung gemäß § 11 mitteilen. Diese Mitteilung ist 
unwiderruflich und gibt den [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin an. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden 
zum [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin zum Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag gemäß den Vorschriften des 
§ 4 zurückgezahlt. 
Der Optionale 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag) [je Pfandbrief] [der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe] ist [seine Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie folgt: 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) einfügen, der/die 
nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]]] 
([4][5]) Falls die Emittentin den Rückzahlungsbetrag [und den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] [und den 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] nicht bei Fälligkeit zurückzahlt, wird dieser Betrag für den Zeitraum 
verzinst, der mit dem Tag für die Rückzahlung oder dem Fälligkeitstag der jeweiligen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe beginnt und mit dem Ablauf des Tages endet, der der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung 
der Hypothekenpfandbriefe vorausgeht, [und zwar zu einem Betrag in Höhe des gesetzlichen 
Verzugszinssatzes15] [in Höhe eines Betrags, der der Summe entspricht aus:  
(a) 
[Referenzpreis einfügen] (Referenzpreis), und  
(b) 
das Produkt von [Emissionsrendite in Prozent einfügen] (Emissionsrendite) und dem 
Referenzpreis für den Zeitraum von [Ausgabetag einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung vorgesehenen Tag bzw. dem Tag, an dem die Hypothekenpfandbriefe fällig und 
zahlbar werden, wobei die Emissionsrendite jährlich berechnet wird. 
 
Erfolgt diese Berechnung für einen Zeitraum, der nicht einer vollen Anzahl an Jahren entspricht, 
wird die Berechnung in Bezug auf den Zeitraum von weniger als einem ganzen Jahr auf der 
Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten vorgenommen (wie in § 2 definiert).]  
§ 4 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
(a) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag zu zahlen [oder] 
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
(b) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin zu zahlen.] 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 (2) einfügen: 
(c) 
den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 (2) bestimmten Tag der Rückzahlung zu 
bezahlen [Falls aufgelaufene Zinsen gesondert gezahlt werden, einfügen: einschließlich aller bis 
zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen] [.] [oder]] 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 ([2][3]) einfügen: 
(d) 
den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 ([2][3]) bestimmten Tag der 
Rückzahlung zu bezahlen [Falls aufgelaufene Zinsen gesondert bezahlt werden, einfügen: 
einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen][.]] 
 
15 Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 Abs. 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern mindestens ein 
Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank zum 
jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
 
Die 
in 
diesem 
Absatz 
(1) 
genannten 
Beträge 
sowie 
alle 
weiteren 
gemäß 
diesen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der 
Euro ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die kleinste 
Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden]  
[Im Fall von Dual-Currency-Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
(2)  
Die Zahlung des Rückzahlungsbetrags[,][und] [des Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags] [und] [des 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags] werden in [Währung einfügen] abgewickelt.  
[Die Umrechnung der Beträge zahlbar in [Währung einfügen] erfolgt mit dem Wechselkurs am jeweiligen 
Kursberechnungstag für den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die Zinsbeträge [und] [den 
Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] [und] [den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag]. 
Wechselkurs ist [der "[ersten Kurs einfügen]" multipliziert mit "[zweiten Kurs einfügen]"] am 
[Umtauschfaktor einfügen] jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag. 
"[ersten Kurs einfügen]" bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von ([Währung] 
pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite "[Seite 
einfügen]" gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
"[zweiten Kurs einfügen]" bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von ([Währung] 
pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite "[Seite 
einfügen]" gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
Kursberechnungstag 
bezeichnet 
den 
[zweiten] 
Bankarbeitstag 
vor 
der 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrags[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrags/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrags] [und] [des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags], jeweils in Übereinstimmung mit der 
Konvention von Bankarbeitstagen. 
[Bankarbeitstag bedeutet [TARGET] [, [Finanzzentrum einfügen] [und [Finanzzentrum einfügen]].] 
Marktstörung bezeichnet: 
(a) 
das Ausbleiben der Veröffentlichung eines Kassakurses durch den jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor,  
(b) 
die Aufhebung oder Beschränkung des Devisenhandels für mindestens eine der relevanten 
Währungen, die für den Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden (einschließlich Optionen oder 
Terminkontrakte), oder die Beschränkung der Konvertibilität der Währungen, die für den 
Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden, oder die effektive Unmöglichkeit, eine Kursstellung für 
den betreffenden Wechselkurs zu erhalten, oder 
(c) 
alle sonstigen Ereignisse, deren wirtschaftliche Auswirkungen den vorgenannten Fällen ähnlich 
sind, 
jeweils in einem Umfange, der nach Ansicht der Emittentin wesentlich ist. 
Wenn eine wie vorstehend bezeichnete Marktstörung an einem Kursberechnungstag eintritt, wird der 
betreffende Kursberechnungstag auf den nächstfolgenden Bankarbeitstag vor der Zahlung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrags[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrags/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrags] [und] [des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags] verschoben. 
Wenn die Marktstörung auch nach diesem Tag fortbesteht, gilt für die Berechnung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrags[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrags/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
 
Rückzahlungsbetrags] [und] [des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags] der letzte ermittelbare Wechselkurs 
vor Eintritt der Marktstörung. 
Für den Fall, dass einer der Kassakurse vom jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor nicht länger festgestellt und 
veröffentlicht wird, sondern dies durch eine andere Person, Gesellschaft oder Einrichtung (Ersatz-Fixing 
Sponsor) geschieht, kann die Emittentin den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die Zinsbeträge 
[und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] [und] [den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Basis 
des Wechselkurses berechnen, wie er durch den entsprechenden Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und 
veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung eines Ersatz-Fixing Sponsors, gilt, unter Berücksichtigung 
des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den Fixing Sponsor als eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-Fixing 
Sponsor.  
Im Falle, dass einer der Kassakurse nicht länger festgestellt und veröffentlicht wird, kann die Emittentin 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] 
den 
Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[den 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] [und] [den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Grundlage eines anderen 
Wechselkurses (Ersatz-Wechselkurs) bestimmen, wie dieser vom betreffenden Fixing Sponsor oder 
Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung eines Ersatz-
Wechselkurses gilt, unter Berücksichtigung des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den Wechselkurs als 
eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-Wechselkurs. 
Sollte die Emittentin zu dem Ergebnis kommen, dass 
(a) 
der Austausch eines Fixing-Sponsors nicht möglich ist,  
(b) 
der Austausch des Wechselkurses nicht möglich ist, oder 
(c) 
aufgrund des Eintritts besonderer Umstände oder Höherer Gewalt wie beispielsweise 
Katastrophen, Krieg, Terrorereignisse, Aufruhr, Beschränkungen von Zahlungsvorgängen, den 
Beitritt der Währung zur Europäischen Währungsunion, dem Austritt dieser Währung wieder aus 
der Europäischen Währungsunion, die für den betreffenden Kassakurs Berücksichtigung findet, 
oder andere Umstände mit vergleichbaren Auswirkungen auf den Wechselkurs, die die 
verlässliche Feststellung des Wechselkurses unmöglich oder praktisch nicht durchführbar machen, 
wird die Emittentin die Bestimmung des Wechselkurses im Rahmen einer verhältnismäßigen Ausführung 
ihres Ermessens nach den Vorschriften des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches (BGB) vornehmen.] 
[Umrechnung der zahlbaren Beträge in [Euro][•] erfolgt in [•].] [Es werden jedoch mindestens [EUR][•] 
[0,001][•] [je Festgelegte Stückelung ] [auf den Gesamtnennbetrag] gezahlt.]] 
[(2)][(3)] 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe (Zahltag) 
auf einen Tag, der kein Bankarbeitstag ist, dann: 
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
 
haben die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf jegliche Zahlung vor dem 
nachfolgenden Bankarbeitstag.] 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
haben die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nachfolgenden Bankarbeitstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.]

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen 
auf Grund einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt: 
  
Falls die Fälligkeit einer Zahlung, wie oben beschrieben, [vorgezogen wird] [oder] 
[verschoben wird], werden ein solcher Zahltag und die jeweilige Zahlung entsprechend 
angepasst.] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem [Wenn 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn T2 aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: und T2 
für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: und 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren einfügen] 
abwickeln]. 
[Falls TARGET anwendbar ist, einfügen: T2 ist das vom Eurosystem betriebene Echtzeit-
Bruttoabwicklungssystem oder jedes Nachfolgesystem.] 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle zahlt 
die fälligen Beträge an das Clearingsystem zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten der Depotbanken 
zur Weiterleitung an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger. Die Zahlung an das Clearingsystem befreit die 
Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den Hypothekenpfandbriefen. Die 
Zahlung von Zinsen und Kapital hinsichtlich der Hypothekenpfandbriefe erfolgt an jeden 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger, der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger zum Geschäftsschluss an dem Tag, 
der 15 Bankarbeitstage vor dem maßgeblichen Zahlungstag liegt (Berechtigungsdatum), war. 
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den Hypothekenpfandbriefen bei Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird der 
fällige Betrag auf Basis des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen16 verzinst [(es sei denn, der 
zur Zahlung anstehende Betrag wird zu einem Zinssatz verzinst, der auf dem gesetzlichen 
Verzugszinssatz beruht und gemäß vorstehendem §4 [(2)][(3)] berechnet wird)]. Diese Verzinsung 
beginnt an dem Tag der Fälligkeit der Zahlung (einschließlich) und endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der der 
tatsächlichen Zahlung vorangeht (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde einfügen:  
(5) 
Zahlungen auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe, die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft werden, 
erfolgen nur nach Lieferung der Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum (wie in § 1 definiert) durch 
die relevanten Teilnehmer am Clearingsystem.] 
 
 
16  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 Abs. 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern mindestens ein 
Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank zum 
jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
 
§ 5 
(Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle[, Berechnungsstelle]) 
(1) 
Die [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom] [andere Person, die als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die 
Hauptzahlstelle (Hauptzahlstelle). Die Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (Zahlstellen) ernennen 
und die Ernennung von Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der Widerruf ist gemäß § 11 
mitzuteilen. 
 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle ernannt wurde, 
einfügen].] 
[(2) 
Die Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom [andere Person, die als Berechnungsstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen] ist die 
Berechnungsstelle (Berechnungsstelle).] 
([2][3]) Sofern irgendwelche Ereignisse eintreten sollten, die die Hauptzahlstelle [oder die Berechnungsstelle] 
[oder eine zusätzliche Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als Hauptzahlstelle [oder 
Berechnungsstelle] [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu erfüllen, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, eine andere 
Bank von internationalem Rang als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] [, bzw. eine andere 
Person oder Institution mit der nötigen Sachkenntnis als Berechnungsstelle] zu ernennen. Eine 
Übertragung der Stellung als Hauptzahlstelle [oder Berechnungsstelle] [oder zusätzliche Zahlstelle] ist 
von der Emittentin unverzüglich gemäß § 11 mitzuteilen. 
([3][4]) Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [und die Berechnungsstelle] [handelt][handeln] im 
Zusammenhang mit den Hypothekenpfandbriefen ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin, 
[übernimmt][übernehmen] keine Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern und 
stehen in keinem Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] 
[und die Berechnungsstelle] [ist] [sind] von den Beschränkungen des §181 BGB befreit. 
([4][5]) Falls es sich nicht um einen offensichtlichen Fehler handelt, sind Entscheidungen der Berechnungsstelle 
endgültig und für die Emittentin sowie die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger verbindlich. 
§ 6 
(Steuern) 
(1) 
Als Quellensteuerstelle haftet die Emittentin und trägt die Beweislast gegenüber den Steuerbehörden in 
Bezug auf (i) die ordnungsgemäße Einbehaltung von Quellensteuern und Steuersicherheiten (je nach 
Sachlage), die nach dem Recht einer Steuerjurisdiktion von jeder Zahlung von Kapital, Zinsen oder 
anderen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zahlbaren Beträgen einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind, 
sowie (ii) die Gewährung von Steuererleichterungen. Dementsprechend wird die Emittentin, bevor eine 
Steuererleichterung gewährt werden kann, verlangen, dass die Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche 
Eigentum ordnungsgemäß erhoben und der Emittentin gemäß den Zertifizierungsverfahren übermittelt 
werden, es sei denn, die Emittentin verzichtet darauf in Übereinstimmung mit diesem § 6. 
[Falls keine Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
 
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe durch oder im Namen der Emittentin 
erfolgen erst nach Abzug oder Einbehalt von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben 
jeglicher Art, die durch oder im Namen der Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt oder erhoben werden (Steuern), 
insoweit als ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Es werden keine zusätzlichen 
Beträge zur Deckung der auf diese Weise abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Beträge gezahlt. Die Emittentin 
wird über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern gegenüber den zuständigen Regierungsbehörden 
Rechenschaft ablegen.]

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
 
[Falls eine Steuerausgleichpflicht (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
 
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen oder sonstigen Beträgen, die durch oder im Namen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu zahlen sind, erfolgen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
jeglicher gegenwärtiger oder künftiger Steuern oder Abgaben welcher Art auch immer, die seitens bzw. 
namens der Steuerjurisdiktion erhoben oder eingezogen werden (die Steuern), es sei denn, ein solcher 
Einbehalt bzw. Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In letzterem Fall wird die Emittentin, nur (falls 
zutreffend) in Bezug auf etwaige Zahlungen von Zinsen, die notwendigen zusätzlichen Beträge zahlen, 
um zu gewährleisten, dass die von den Gläubigern erhaltenen Nettobeträge nach einem solchen Einbehalt 
oder Abzug den jeweiligen Beträgen von Zinsen entsprechen, die ihnen ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug bezüglich der Hypothekenpfandbriefe zustehen würden, mit der Ausnahme, dass keine solchen 
zusätzlichen Beträge für Hypothekenpfandbriefe gezahlt werden: 
(a) 
die in der Tschechischen Republik zur Zahlung vorgelegt werden; oder  
(b) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer in Bezug auf diesen Hypothekenpfandbrief steuerpflichtig ist, 
weil er eine [andere] Verbindung zu der Steuerjurisdiktion hat [als nachstehend unter Buchstabe 
(g)] angegeben]; oder 
(c) 
die mehr als 30 Tage nach dem Relevanten Datum (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt werden, außer in dem Umfang, in dem der Inhaber Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen 
Betrag gehabt hätte, wenn er den Hypothekenpfandbrief an diesem dreißigsten Tag zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt hätte, vorausgesetzt dieser Tag wäre ein Zahlungstag (wie in § 4 ([2][3]) definiert) 
gewesen; oder 
(d) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug für oder aufgrund von Steuern in Bezug auf einen solchen 
Hypothekenpfandbrief erforderlich ist, weil die Emittentin oder eine Person im Namen der 
Emittentin nicht ordnungsgemäß wahrheitsgemäße, genaue und vollständige Informationen über 
das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder einen ähnlichen Freistellungsantrag erhalten hat, sofern solche 
Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ähnliche Freistellungsanträge im Rahmen 
des Zertifizierungsverfahrens erforderlich sind oder auferlegt werden, es sei denn, dies ist auf 
Handlungen oder Unterlassungen der Emittentin oder ihrer Erfüllungsgehilfen zurückzuführen; 
(e) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug für oder aufgrund von Steuern in Bezug auf einen solchen 
Hypothekenpfandbrief auf der Grundlage der Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum, 
die die Emittentin im Rahmen des Zertifizierungsverfahrens erhalten hat, für oder aufgrund der 
Steuersicherheit erfolgt; 
(f) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer ein Tschechischer Steueransässiger als natürliche Person ist[; 
oder 
(g) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer eine mit der Emittentin Kapitalmäßig Verbundene Person ist]. 
Für den Fall, dass die Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ein ähnlicher 
Freistellungsantrag der Emittentin nicht zu den in vorstehendem Absatz (d) genannten Bedingungen 
vorgelegt werden, wird die Emittentin (i) 35 % Quellensteuer von jeder Zinszahlung auf einen solchen 
Hypothekenpfandbrief einbehalten [und (ii) wenn die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu einem Preis begeben 
werden, der unter ihrem Nennwert liegt (d.h. unter pari), 1 % Steuersicherheit von jeder Kapitalzahlung 
auf einen solchen Hypothekenpfandbrief], es sei denn, die Emittentin ist nach eigenem Ermessen davon 
überzeugt, dass sie über alle erforderlichen Informationen verfügt, die es der Emittentin ermöglichen, die 
Quellensteuer nicht oder zu einem niedrigeren Satz anzuwenden [oder die Steuersicherheit nicht 
anzuwenden]. Außerdem ist die Emittentin, soweit sie sämtliche für ein solches Vorgehen notwendigen 
Auskünfte eingeholt hat, ganz nach eigenem Ermessen berechtigt, die jeweiligen Gläubiger für die gemäß 
dem vorstehenden Satz in Anwendung gebrachte Quellensteuer [oder die Steuersicherheit] ganz oder 
teilweise zu entschädigen. Zum Ausschluss von Zweifeln wird festgehalten, dass der jeweilige Gläubiger, 
falls sich die Emittentin entschlossen hat, eine solche Entschädigung zu gewähren, seinen 
Erstattungsanspruch gemäß dem Schnellerstattungsverfahren bzw. dem Standard-Erstattungsverfahren

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
 
(wie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren definiert) nur für Beträge geltend machen kann, die über den Betrag 
der o.g. Entschädigung hinausgehen. 
Die Emittentin kann jederzeit durch Mitteilung an die Gläubiger gemäß § 11 auf die in diesem § 6 (2) 
genannten Bedingungen zugunsten der Wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer verzichten.  
Bezüglich einer etwa gemäß dem Standard-Erstattungsverfahren (wie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren 
definiert) gewährten Erstattung ist die Emittentin berechtigt, von der jeweiligen Zahlung eine Gebühr 
einzubehalten, die sich errechnet als Summe von (a) einem Fixbetrag i.H.v. EUR [●] und (b) jeglichen 
Verwaltungsgebühren, Bußgeldern, Zinsen oder ähnlichen Kosten, die der Emittentin in Zusammenhang 
mit einer solchen Erstattung womöglich entstehen (jeweils zuzüglich der anzuwendenden 
Mehrwertsteuer).] 
(3) 
Vorbehaltlich des Handelns der Emittentin nach Treu und Glauben und in wirtschaftlich angemessener 
Weise gemäß § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB) und unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 
30 Tagen, die den Gläubigern gemäß § 11 für jede derartige Festsetzung zu gewähren ist, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger eine Festsetzung (jeweils eine Festsetzung) zu einer 
Bestimmung dieses § 6 vorzunehmen, um Folgendes zu berücksichtigen: 
(a) 
eine Änderung des anwendbaren tschechischen Rechts oder der tschechischen Vorschriften 
(einschließlich etwaige veröffentlichten Praktiken) in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren oder 
einer Entscheidung oder offiziellen Auslegung derselben; 
(b) 
eine von den tschechischen Steuerbehörden oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde auferlegte 
Anforderung in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; 
(c) 
eine Änderung des marktüblichen Ansatzes in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; oder 
(d) 
eine Änderung der anwendbaren Regeln oder Verfahren einer Partei bei der Durchführung der 
Zertifizierungsverfahren. 
Zur Klarstellung: Eine Festsetzung ist nicht als Änderung, Modifizierung oder Ergänzung der 
Bedingungen der Hypothekenpfandbriefe anzusehen. 
(4) 
Unbeschadet anderslautender Bestimmungen in diesem § 6 werden keine zusätzlichen Beträge gezahlt, 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß einer in Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (Code) beschriebenen Vereinbarung erforderlich ist oder anderweitig gemäß den Abschnitten 
1471 bis 1474 des Code oder irgendwelchen Vorschriften oder Vereinbarungen darunter, deren offizieller 
Auslegung oder gemäß einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung einer zwischenstaatlichen Zusammenarbeit in 
diesem Bereich oder gemäß einer Vereinbarung zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika und der 
Tschechischen Republik zur Umsetzung von FATCA oder gemäß einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung oder in 
Befolgung oder zwecks Einhaltung einer solchen Vereinbarung auferlegt wird.  
(5) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer bezeichnet einen Inhaber eines Hypothekenpfandbriefs, wenn dieser 
Inhaber auch wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer (im Sinne des OECD-Musterabkommens zur Vermeidung der 
Doppelbesteuerung von Einkommen und Vermögen) in Bezug auf die auf diesen Hypothekenpfandbrief 
gezahlten Erträge ist, oder einen Empfänger solcher Erträge, der als wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer im obigen 
Sinne gilt; 
Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum bezeichnet bestimmte Informationen und 
Unterlagen, wie sie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren festgelegt sind, insbesondere in Bezug auf die Identität 
und das Land des steuerlichen Wohnsitzes eines Empfängers einer Zins- oder Tilgungszahlung in Bezug 
auf einen Hypothekenpfandbrief (zusammen mit den entsprechenden Nachweisen), die es der Emittentin 
ermöglichen, zuverlässig festzustellen, dass ein solcher Empfänger ein Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer in 
Bezug auf eine solche Zahlung ist und dass alle Bedingungen für die Gewährung einer 
Steuererleichterung, falls vorhanden, erfüllt sind.

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
 
Zertifizierungsverfahren bezeichnet die von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg, eingeführten 
Verfahren zur Steuererleichtung an der Quelle und Erstattungsverfahren für die Tschechische Republik 
zur Erleichterung der Erfassung der Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum, die auf der Website 
der International Capital Market Services Association unter www.icmsa.org abrufbar sind, in ihrer jeweils 
geänderten oder ersetzten Fassung oder in der vom jeweiligen ICSD im Rahmen der Umsetzung oder 
Anwendung dieser Verfahren abgeänderten oder aktualisierten Fassung. 
[Tschechischer Steuerausländer bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nicht in der Tschechischen Republik 
steuerlich ansässig ist, entweder nach dem Einkommensteuergesetz oder nach einem einschlägigen 
Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden);] 
[Tschechischer Steueransässiger bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nach dem tschechischen 
Einkommensteuergesetz sowie nach einem einschlägigen Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden) in der 
Tschechischen Republik steuerlich ansässig ist;] 
[Einkommensteuergesetz 
bezeichnet 
das 
tschechische 
Gesetz 
Nr. 586/1992 
Slg. 
über 
Einkommenssteuern in seiner geänderten Fassung;] 
[Juristische Person bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der keine natürliche Person ist (d.h. ein Steuerzahler, 
der der Körperschaftssteuer unterliegt, aber nicht unbedingt eine Rechtspersönlichkeit hat).] 
OECD bezeichnet die Organisation für wirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit und Entwicklung (Organisation 
for Economic Co-operation and Development); 
[Kapitalmäßig Verbundene Person bezeichnet jede Person (natürliche oder Juristische Person), bei 
denen (i) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten einer anderen Person 
beteiligt ist oder (ii) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten mehrerer 
Personen beteiligt ist, und in beiden Fällen diese Beteiligung (direkt oder indirekt) mindestens 25 % des 
eingetragenen Kapitals oder 25 % der Stimmrechte dieser anderen Person(en) ausmacht]. 
[Relevantes Datum bezeichnet den jeweils späteren der beiden folgenden Zeitpunkte: (1) der Tag, an dem 
die betreffende Zahlung erstmals fällig wird, und (2) falls der zu zahlende Betrag nicht in voller Höhe in 
einer Stadt, in der die Banken Zugang zum TARGET System haben, bei der Zahlstelle an oder vor diesem 
Fälligkeitstag eingegangen ist, der Tag, an dem (nachdem der volle Betrag eingegangen ist) eine 
entsprechende Mitteilung an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern erfolgt ist.] 
Steuerjurisdiktion bezeichnet die (i) Tschechische Republik oder eine ihrer politischen 
Untergliederungen oder eine Behörde davon oder darin, die zur Besteuerung befugt ist; oder (ii) jede 
andere Jurisdiktion oder eine politische Untergliederung oder eine zur Besteuerung befugten Behörde 
davon oder darin, der die von der Emittentin geleisteten Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen auf die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe generell unterliegen. 
Steuererleichterung bezeichnet eine Befreiung von der Quellensteuer bzw. der Steuersicherheit, sei es in 
Form einer Befreiung oder der Anwendung eines ermäßigten Satzes. 
Steuersicherheit beizeichnet einen besonderer Betrag, der von einer Quellensteuerstelle (z.B. vom 
Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung oder vom Käufer einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung 
steuerpflichtiger Einkünfte einbehalten wird und im Wesentlichen als Vorschuss auf die vom Empfänger 
der betreffenden Einkünfte selbst zu erhebende Steuer dient (d.h. im Gegensatz zur Quellensteuer stellt 
der so einbehaltene Betrag im Allgemeinen keine endgültige Steuerschuld dar); 
[Steuerabkommen bezeichnet ein gültiges und wirksames Steuerabkommen zwischen der Tschechischen 
Republik und einem anderen Land, nach dem der Tschechische Steuerausländer als Steueransässiger des 
letzteren Landes behandelt wird. Im Falle Taiwans handelt es sich bei dem Steuerabkommen um das 
Gesetz Nr. 45/2020 Slg. über die Beseitigung der Doppelbesteuerung im Verhältnis zu Taiwan in seiner 
geänderten Fassung.] 
[Quellensteuer bezeichnet eine Steuer, die durch Abzug an der Quelle durch eine Quellensteuerstelle (z. 
B. durch den Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung von steuerpflichtigem Einkommen

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
 
erhoben wird. Außer unter bestimmten begrenzten Umständen wird eine solche Steuer im Allgemeinen 
als endgültig betrachtet.] 
§ 7 
(Rang) 
(1) 
Unbeachtlich § 15 handelt es sich bei den Hypothekenpfandbriefen um gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel 
III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes begebene Hypothekenpfandbriefe (hypoteční 
zástavní listy). 
(2) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe verbriefen direkte, unbedingte, nicht nachrangige und unbesicherte 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und sind gleichrangig sowohl untereinander als auch bezüglich aller 
anderen von der Emittentin begebenen Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe, die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehen und von derselben Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen (wobei die Emittentin nach 
eigenem Ermessen mehrere Deckungsmassen bilden kann), sowie bezüglich aller anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die den Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefen gleichrangig gestellt 
wurden. Obschon die Hypothekenpfandbriefe unbesicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin darstellen, 
sind im Falle eines etwaigen gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahrens besondere Regeln für 
die Verbindlichkeiten anwendbar, die sich aus solchen von der Emittentin begebenen ausstehenden 
Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefen ergeben. 
(3) 
Bei 
den 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen 
handelt 
es 
sich 
um 
["CRR-kompatible 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe"]["Europäische Pfandbriefe (Premium)"], die den Anforderungen von § 28a 
Abs. 2 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genügen und bei denen ausschließlich die 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin verwendet werden, um den Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 
des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes zu genügen. 
(4) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Angepasster Wert bezeichnet, soweit die einschlägigen Gesetze nichts anderes vorsehen: 
(a) 
für jedes CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden Größen: 
(i) 
den Nennwert des CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehen; und 
(ii) 
80 % 
des 
Werts 
der 
Beliehenen 
Immobilie 
bezüglich 
dieses 
CRR-
Wohnhypothekendarlehens;  
(b) 
für jedes CRR-Gewerbliche-Hypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedriegeren Wert der folgenden 
Größen: 
(i) 
den Nennwert des CRR-Gewerblichen Hypothekendarlehens; und 
(ii) 
60 % des Werts der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses CRR-Gewerblichen 
Hypothekendarlehens;  
(c) 
für jedes Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz den jeweils niedriegeren Wert der folgenden 
Größen: 
(i) 
den Nennwert des Hypothekendarlehens gemäß SchVG-cz; und 
(ii) 
den Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses Hypothekendarlehens gemäß 
SchVG-cz;  
(d) 
für jede PSB-Forderung und -Risikoposition: deren ausstehenden Nennwert; 
(e) 
für Bargeld: den ausstehenden Nennwert;

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
 
(f) 
für jedes Derivat: dessen tatsächlichen Wert gemäß anwendbarem Recht; und 
(g) 
jedes Liquide Mittel, das: 
(i) 
gemäß § 28aa Abs. 3 Buchst. a des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, 
deren Marktwert gemäß Artikel 9 der Delegierten Verordnung (EU) 2015/61 der 
Kommission vom 10. Oktober 2014 zur Ergänzung der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
575/2013 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates im Hinblick auf die 
Liquiditätsdeckungsanforderung für Kreditinstitute bestimmt (und erforderlichenfalls 
reduziert) wird; oder 
(ii) 
gemäß § 28aa Abs. 3 Buchst. b des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
seinem Nennwert entspricht. 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag bezeichnet den Sonderaufsichtsvertrag vom 15. Dezember 2020 in der am am 
5. September 2024 geänderten und neu gefassten Fassung zwischen der Emittentin als Emittent und 
Deloitte Audit s.r.o. als Sonderaufseher (Sonderaufseher). 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet: 
(a) 
den Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag; und 
(b) 
nach dem den Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag: 
(i) 
soweit 
kein 
fortbestehender 
Kündigungsgrund 
vorliegt: 
den 
Ersten 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und das Datum seiner alljährlichen Wiederkehr; und 
(ii) 
nach Eintreten eines Kündigungsgrundes: jedes Monatliche Datum, das einen 
Kalendermonat oder später nach dem ersten Eintreten des Kündigungsgrundes folgt, 
solange dieser fortbesteht. 
Zeichnungsberechtigter bezeichnet eine Person, die ein Gesellschaftsamt bei der Emittentin bekleidet 
oder einer andere Person, die von der Emittentin als Zeichnungsberechtigter ernannt wurde und für die 
eine von der Emittentin unterzeichnete Urkunde vorgelegt wurde, in der Name und Unterschrift dieser 
Person aufgeführt sind und die die Zeichnungsberechtigung dieser Person bestätigt. 
Geschäftstag bezeichnet jeden Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Handelsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in Prag Zahlungen abwickeln oder T2 für Zahlungen oder Wechselgeschäfte mit dem 
Euro als Ausgangs- oder Zielwährung geöffnet ist. 
Bargeld bezeichnet Bargeldforderungen oder sonstige Vermögenswerte der Emittentin gemäß § 31 Abs. 
2 Buchst. d des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
CNB bezeichnet die Tschechische Nationalbank. 
CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 2/2019 Slg. der CNB vom 21.12.2018 (Vyhláška České 
národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018), über die Umsetzung einiger Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Vertraglicher bereinigter Saldo der Deckungsmasse bezeichnet die Summe der ausstehenden 
Angepassten Werte für alle Deckungsaktiva. 
Deckungsaktiva bezeichnet die im Deckungsregister eingestellten Deckungsaktiva, die den 
Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien (falls zutreffend für die 
jeweiligen Deckungsaktiva) genügen. 
Deckungsregister bezeichnet das jeweilige Deckungsregister für jede Deckungsmasse, die von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung 
geführt wird.

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
 
Deckungsmasse bezeichnet einen Teil des Vermögens der Emittentin, welcher buchhalterisch separat 
erfasst wird und aus Aktivposten besteht, welche die relevanten Auswahlkriterien erfüllen, die in diesen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen (sofern für die jeweiligen Deckungsaktiva anwendbar) festgelegt 
sind, und die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin decken sollen, welche sich aus den Tschechischen 
Hypotheken-pfandbriefen ergeben (wozu u.a. deren Gesamtnennwert und anteiliger Ertrag gehören). 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013 über Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen. 
CRR-Gewerbliches-Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet das CRR-Hypothekendarlehen, das durch die 
Beliehene Immobilie, die eine gewerblich genutzte Immobilie im Sinne der CRR ist, besichert ist. 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die Forderungen der Emittentin aus Hypothekendarlehen 
gemäß Art. 129 Abs. 1 d) bis f) der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR). 
CRR PSB-Forderungen bezeichnet Risikopositionen gemäß Art. 129 Abs. 1 a) oder b) der 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR).  
CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehen bezeichnet das CRR-Hypothekendarlehen, das durch die Beliehene 
Immobilie, die eine Wohnimmobilie gemäß Artikel 4(75) der CRR ist, besichert ist. 
Tschechisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Bankengesetz Nr. 21/1992 Slg., in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Schulverschreibungsgesetz 
Nr. 190/2004 Slg., in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz bezeichnet die Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin gemäß 
§ 31 Abs. 2 Buchst. a des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
PSB-Forderungen gemäß SchVG-cz bezeichnet die in § 31 Abs. 2 Buchst. b und Buchst. c des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Forderungen, die auch mit § 31 Abs. 8 des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes übereinstimmen. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 256/2004 Slg., über 
Kapitalmarktgeschäfte, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 15/1998 Slg., 
über die Aufsicht im Bereich Kapitalmärkte und die Änderung bestimmter Gesetze, in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechische Insolvenzordnung bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 182/2006 Slg., über Insolvenz 
und die Methoden zu deren Abwicklung (Insolvenzordnung), in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechische Hypothekenpfandbriefe bezeichnet alle Instrumente und Wertpapiere, die von der 
Emittentin in der Form von Hypothekenpfandbriefen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 
2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes begeben wurden, und zwar unabhängig 
davon, ob diese tschechischem oder Drittstaatrecht unterworfen wurden, und unabhängig davon, ob sie 
im Rahmen des Programms (als die hierin definierten Hypothekenpfandbriefe) oder im Rahmen eines 
von der Emittentin erst noch aufzulegenden Programms oder als eigenständiges Produkt aufgelegt 
werden. 
Tschechisches Vermögensbewertungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 151/1997 Slg., 
über Vermögensbewertung, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Liegenschaftskataster  bezeichnet das tschechische Liegenschaftskataster (katastr 
nemovitostí), das gemäß Gesetz Nr. 256/2013 Slg. über das Liegenschaftskataster, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung.

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
 
Dealer bezeichnet Raiffeisen Bank International, Raiffeisenbank a.s. sowie weitere von Zeit zu Zeit im 
Einklang mit dem Dealer Agreement für eine bestimmte Emission oder auf fortlaufender Basis ernannte 
Dealer (zusammen die Dealer). 
Dealer Agreement bezeichnet das geänderte und neu gefasste Dealer Agreement vom 5. September 
2024 zwischen der Emittentin, Raiffeisen Bank International als Arrangeur und Dealer, und 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. als Dealer. 
Schulden bezeichnet alle Schulden, die durch die Deckungsmasse gedeckt sind zu Zwecken der in 
Artikel 28a Abs. 1 und 2 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes dargelegten Gesetzlichen 
Tests. 
Verzug bezeichnet einen Verzug in Bezug auf den Darlehensnehmer unter dem Hypothekendarlehen 
gemäß Artikel 178 der CRR. 
Notleidendes Darlehen  bezeichnet ein Hypothekendarlehen bezüglich dessen ein Verzug eingetreten 
ist und weiterhin besteht. 
Derivate bezeichnet die sich aus einem Derivat ergebenden Rechte gemäß Art. 2 Ziffer 5 der 
Verordnung (EU) 648/2012 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates über OTC-Derivate, zentrale 
Gegenparteien und Transaktionsregister (also eines der in Ziffer 4 bis 10 in Anhang I, Abschnitt C der 
MiFID II-Verordnung aufgeführten Finanzinstrumente), vorausgesetzt, alle relevanten Bedingungen 
gemäß § 31 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes sind erfüllt;  
Erster Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag  bezeichnet den 30. September 2024; 
Ausgabetag bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem die Emittentin Hypothekenpfandbriefe unter dem Programm 
begibt; 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag bezeichnet den geänderten und neu gefassten Vertrag über die 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstelle vom 5. September 2024 zwischen der Emittentin und Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch als der Hauptzahlstelle. 
Liquide Mittel bezeichnet die im Deckungsvermögensregister gemäß § 28aa Abs. 3 des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes eingetragenen Mittel. 
LTV-Quote bezeichnet das prozentuale Verhältnis des Betrags der Forderungen der Emittentin aus 
einem Hypothekendarlehen geteilt durch den Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie der maßgeblichen 
Beliehenen Immobilie, die dieses Hypothekendarlehen besichert. 
Monatliches Datum bezeichnet den ersten Tag jedes Monats bzw. falls, dieser kein Geschäftstag ist, 
den unmittelbar darauffolgenden Geschäftstag. 
Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz und die in der 
Deckungsmasse enthaltenen CRR-Hypothekendarlehen. 
Beliehene Immobilie bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein beliebiges Hypothekendarlehen die zur Besicherung 
dieses Hypothekendarlehens verpfändete Immobilie, in Bezug auf die alle maßgeblichen geltenden 
Gesetze erfüllt sind. 
Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezeichnet den Gesamtwert der Beliehenen Immobilie, der von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit den anzuwendenden Gesetzen (einschließlich dem Tschechisches 
Vermögensbewertungsgesetz) und mit den internen Regelungen der Emittentin für die Bewertung 
Beliehener Immobilien bestimmt wurde.  
Nennwert bezeichnet die ausstehende Hauptforderung eines Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefs, 
Hypothekendarlehens oder andere Schulden oder Sicherheiten bzw. eine Summe davon, wenn der 
Kontext dies erfordert.

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
 
Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund bezeichnet einen Zustand, ein Ereignis oder eine Handlung, der bzw. 
das bzw. die einen Kündigungsgrund darstellen würde, sobald mehr Zeit verstrichen ist bzw. falls eine 
Mitteilung, Bestätigung, Erklärung, Forderung und/oder Ersuchen erteilt oder übermittelt wird oder eine 
vergleichbare Maßnahme ergriffen wird oder eine vergleichbare Bedingung erfüllt ist. 
Programm bezeichnet das € 5.000.000.000 Programm der Emittentin für die Begebung von 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen. 
PSB-Forderungen und -Risikopositionen bezeichnet die CRR PSB-Forderungen und die PSB-
Forderungen gemäß SchVG-cz. 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. sowie jeglichen Rechtsnachfolger, 
welcher deren Ratinggeschäft übernimmt. 
Eingetragener Nennwert bezeichnet den Teil des Nennwerts eines Hypothekendarlehens, der im 
Deckungsregister gemäß Artikel 3 Abs. 2 (g) der CNB-Verordnung zu Zwecken der Übereinstimmung 
mit Artikel 28a des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes eingetragen ist. 
Maßgeblicher Wechselkurs bezeichnet den von der Emittentin bestimmten Gegenwert in 
tschechischen Kronen (koruna) (i) anhand des Kurses, wie ihn die CNB oder eine Nachfolgerquelle für 
die Umrechnung der relevanten Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen für den Bankarbeitstag bereitstellt, 
der der jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht oder, (ii) falls ein solcher direkter Wechselkurs für 
die relevante(n) Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen nicht verfügbar ist, der (von der jeweiligen 
Zentralbank bereitgestellten) Kurs für die Umrechnung der relevante(n) Währungen in U.S.-Dollar oder 
Euro, gefolgt von der Umrechnung des betreffenden Betrags in U.S.-Dollar oder Euro in tschechische 
Kronen anhand des (seitens der CNB bereitgestellten) Wechselkurses für den Bankarbeitstag, der der 
jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht. 
Staatliche Subvention  bezeichnet jede Subvention oder ähnliche Leistung im Sinne der Verordnung 
Nr. 249/2002 Slg. der tschechischen Regierung über Bedingungen der Gewährung von Subventionen in 
Bezug auf Hypothekendarlehen für Personen unter 36 Jahren, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, und 
Verordnung Nr. 244/1995 Slg. der tschechischen Regierung über Bedingungen der Gewährung von 
finanziellen Subventionen in Bezug auf Hypothekendarlehen für Wohnbauentwicklung, in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung, oder jede Subvention oder Leistung ähnlicher Art, die nach dem Datum des 
Basisprospekts eingeführt werden können; zur Klarstellung: die Definition der Staatlichen Subvention 
umfasst keine Steuervergünstigungen. 
Gesetzliche Tests bezeichnet alle vom Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz für die Emittentin 
vorgeschriebenen Tests (einschließlich der in §§ 28a Abs. 1, Abs. 2 und Abs. 3 und 28aa des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Tests). 
Gesetzliche Auswahlkriterien bezeichnet die im Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der 
CNB-Verordnung (und insbesondere in §§ 30 und 31 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes) 
enthaltenen gesetzlichen Kriterien, nach denen entschieden wird, welche Deckungsaktiva Bestandteil 
der Deckungsmasse sein können. 
Tochterunternehmen bezeichnet bezüglich einer beliebigen Person (Ersten Person) zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt eine solche andere Person (Zweite Person): 
(a) 
deren Angelegenheiten und Unternehmenspolitik von der Ersten Person beherrscht werden 
bzw. beherrscht werden können, sei es im Wege einer Beteiligung, eines Vertrags, der Befugnis 
zur Ernennung oder Abberufung von Mitgliedern des Führungsgremiums der Zweiten Person, 
oder anderweitig; oder  
(b) 
deren Jahresabschluss gemäß dem anzuwendenden Recht und den allgemein anerkannten 
Rechnungslegungsgrundsätzen mit dem der Ersten Person konsolidiert wird. 
Transaktionsdokumente bezeichnet:

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen; 
(b) 
die relevante Fassung der Endgültigen Bedingungen; 
(c) 
das Dealer Agreement;  
(d) 
den Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag; und 
(e) 
den Sonderaufsichtsvertrag. 
(5) 
Soweit sich aus dem Kontext nichts Gegenteiliges ergibt, gilt, dass eine Bezugnahme in diesen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen: 
(a) 
auf irgendein Transaktionsdokument oder eine sonstige Vereinbarung oder ein sonstiges 
Instrument als Bezugnahme auf das jeweilige Transaktionsdokument bzw. die jeweilige 
Vereinbarung oder das jeweilige Instrument in deren allfällig geänderten, erneuerten, 
ergänzten, erweiterten oder neugefassten Fassung zu verstehen ist; und  
(b) 
auf eine Gesetzesnorm oder eine gesetzliche Vorschrift als Bezugnahme auf die allfällig 
geänderte, ersetzte oder neugefasste Gesetzesnorm oder Vorschrift zu verstehen ist.  
(6)  
Zur Klarstellung: Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, in Zukunft zusätzliche Deckungsmassen bezüglich der 
Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe zu bilden. Ist dies der Fall, so bleiben die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehenden Hypothekenpfandbriefe von der Deckungsmasse gedeckt, die zum Ausgabetag 
besteht, und zwar in deren allfällig geänderten oder ergänzten Form.  
§ 8 
(Verpflichtungen der Emittentin) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, die Deckungsmasse im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien, den Gesetzlichen Tests und den weiteren einschlägigen Anforderungen gemäß dem 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung aufrechtzuerhalten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, an jedem Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und an jedem Ausgabetag die 
vorgeschriebenen Kontrollen und Prüfungen vorzunehmen, um sicherzustellen, dass jedes in die 
Deckungsmasse eingebrachte Hypothekendarlehen auch weiterhin im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien (gemäß nachstehender Definition) ist. Soweit 
kein Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien gegeben 
ist, wird die Emittentin Bestandteile der Deckungsmasse entsprechend ersetzen, um den Einklang mit 
den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien herzustellen. 
(2) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem sicherzustellen, dass der Vertragliche Bereinigte Saldo der 
Deckungsmasse mindestens 110 % aller Schulden beträgt (Vertragliche Deckungstest). In Bezug auf 
den Vertraglichen Deckungstest wird, unter Vorbehalt des anwendbaren Rechts, jeder Betrag (i) sofern 
er auf eine andere Währung als die Tschechische Krone lautet, im entsprechenden Gegenwert der 
Tschechischen Kronen, der unter Anwendung des Maßgeblichen Wechselkurses für solche Beträge am 
maßgeblichen Datum ermittelt wird; und (ii) sofern der Betrag auf Tschechische Kronen lautet, im 
entsprechenden Betrag in Tschechischen Kronen berechnet. 
(3) 
Die Emittentin wird jeweils am Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und jedem Ausgabetag ihre Einhaltung 
der Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests prüfen; soweit sie diesen nicht genügt, wird 
sie Ersetzungen in der Deckungsmasse vornehmen, um die Einhaltung der Gesetzlichen Tests und des 
Vertraglichen Deckungstests zu gewährleisten. Zur Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen 
Deckungstest löst keinen Kündigungsgrund aus. Allerdings darf die Emittentin, solange dieser Verstoß 
fortbesteht, keine Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse der 
Emittentin Nutzen ziehen. 
(4) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, der Ratingagentur (bzw. einer anderen Ratingagentur, die eine 
Bewertung für die Hypothekenpfandbriefe abgegeben hat) und dem Sonderaufseher von Zeit zu Zeit

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
 
Auskünfte über den aktuellen Wert des Vertraglichen Bereinigten Saldos der Deckungsmasse zu erteilen 
und die Einhaltung des Vertraglichen Deckungstests durch die Emittentin zu bestätigen.  
(5) 
Zusätzlich zu den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien wird die Emittentin außerdem dafür sorgen, dass die 
Deckungsmasse auch die folgenden vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien in Bezug auf in der Deckungsmasse 
enthaltene Deckungsaktiva erfüllt (zusammen Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien):  
(a) 
die Hypothekendarlehen unterliegen tschechischem Recht; 
(b) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sind vollständig ausgezahlt, und der betreffende Darlehensnehmer hat 
kein Recht oder keinen Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen Vorschuss der Emittentin; 
(c) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sahen zum Zeitpunkt der Auszahlung keine Staatliche Subvention in 
Bezug auf den Nennbetrag oder Zinsen vor; 
(d) 
die Beliehene Immobilie ist eine Immobilie, die vollständig errichtet wurde, wie ein Auszug 
aus dem tschechischen Immobilienregister belegt; 
(e) 
die Beliehene Immobilie befindet sich in der Tschechischen Republik 
(f) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sind keine Notleidenden Darlehen; 
(g) 
bei den Hypothekendarlehen ist die maximale Höhe der besicherten Forderungen der Emittentin 
mindestens gleich dem Eingetragenen Nennwert dieses Hypothekendarlehens; 
(h) 
die LTV-Quote des CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehen beträgt nicht mehr als 80 % und wenn 
diese Schwelle überschritten wird, wird der Teil des Nennwerts dieses CRR-
Wohnhypothekendarelehens, der die LTV-Quote von 80 % überschreitet, zu Zwecken des 
Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests nicht berücksichtigt;; 
(i) 
die LTV-Quote des CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehens beträgt nicht mehr als 60 % und wenn 
diese Schwelle überschritten wird, wird der Teil des Nennwerts dieses CRR-
Wohnhypothekendarelehens, der die LTV-Quote von 60 % überschreitet, zu Zwecken des 
Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests nicht berücksichtigt;  
(j) 
der Darlehensnehmer unter dem Hypothekendarlehen hat mindestens eine Ratenzahlung 
geleistet; 
(k) 
sämtliche vom jeweiligen Darlehensnehmer zahlbaren Hypothekendarlehen lauten auf 
Tschechische Kronen (oder eine andere Währung, die die Tschechische Krone als offizielle 
gesetzliche Währung in der Tschechischen Republik ab dem Zeitpunkt einer solchen Ersetzung 
ersetzen kann); 
(l) 
der Nennwert der Hypothekendarlehen, die den Mitarbeitern der Emittentin gewährt werden, 
beträgt nicht mehr als 5 % des Nennwerts der Hypothekendarlehen, die in der Deckungsmasse 
enthalten ist; und 
(m) 
die Deckungsmasse enthält keine Asset-Backed Securities. 
In Bezug auf die Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien wird, unter Vorbehalt des anwendbaren Rechts, jeder 
Betrag (i) sofern er auf eine andere Währung als die Tschechische Krone lautet, im entsprechenden 
Gegenwert der Tschechischen Kronen, der unter Anwendung des Maßgeblichen Wechselkurses für 
solche Beträge am maßgeblichen Datum ermittelt wird; und (ii) sofern der Betrag auf Tschechische 
Kronen lautet, im entsprechenden Betrag in Tschechischen Kronen berechnet. 
(6) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem für den gesamten Zeitraum, zu dem irgendwelche der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe ausstehen:

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger (im Einklang mit § 11) und die Hauptzahlstelle 
unverzüglich vom Eintreten jeglichen Kündigungsgrundes in Kenntnis zu setzen; 
(b) 
ihren Sitz in der Tschechischen Republik und ihre Bankenlizenz gemäß dem Tschechischen 
Bankengesetz aufrechtzuerhalten, sowie sämtliche weiteren Zulassungen und Registrierungen, 
die für das Programm gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften der Tschechischen Republik 
erforderlich sind (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das Tschechische 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das Tschechische 
Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt), und der CNB sämtliche Dokumente zur Verfügung 
zu stellen, die für die Aufrechterhaltung der Zulassungen und Registrierungen erforderlich sind 
insbesondere verfügt sie über eine gültige Genehmigung für ihre gedeckten Blocks gemäß 
§ 30d Abs. 3 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes (die Erlaubnis für Covered 
Block); 
(c) 
in allen wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften 
der Tschechischen Republik (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das 
Tschechische Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und wie 
gemäß dieser Rechtsvorschriften erforderlich; insbesondere hat die Emittentin in allen 
wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß der CNB-Verordnung und anderen 
Durchführungsvorschriften zum Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezüglich der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe einzuhalten, was uneingeschränkt ihre Verpflichtungen betreffend die 
Führung des Deckungsregisters und sämtliche weiteren Dauerpflichten der Emittentin 
betreffend die Tschechischen Hypothekenpfandbriefe und die Deckungsmasse einschließt; 
(d) 
in englischer Sprache sämtliche Berichte und mit Bestätigungsvermerk versehenen geprüften 
Jahresabschlüsse für das jeweilige Geschäftsjahr/die jeweilige Rechnungsperiode zu 
veröffentlichen, die die Bilanz und die Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung enthalten sollen, sowie 
sämtliche weiteren an Gläubiger der Emittentin ergehenden Mitteilungen, Erklärungen oder 
Rundschreiben, und zwar jeweils sobald als möglich nach dem Erscheinungsdatum, jedenfalls 
aber innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Bilanzstichtag der Emittentin; 
(e) 
zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung des Geschäftsberichts und des Jahresabschlusses gemäß 
vorstehendem Buchstaben (f) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittenten 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zu veröffentlichen, wonach nach bestem Wissen und Gewissen 
der Emittentin Folgendes der Fall ist: (a) während des Zeitraums zwischen dem Abgabedatum 
der letzten Bescheinigung (bzw., im Falle der ersten solchen Bescheinigung, dem Datum dieser 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen) und dem Datum der Abgabe der aktuellen Bescheinigung 
ist die Emittentin ihren wesentlichen Verpflichtungen gemäß diesen Hypothekenpfand-
briefbedingungen, 
dem 
Ausgabe- 
und 
Zahlstellenvertrag 
und 
den 
übrigen 
Transaktionsdokumenten nachgekommen (und falls dies nicht der Fall ist, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu den Umständen dieser Nichteinhaltung der Verpflichtungen), und (b) 
unbeschadet der Allgemeingültigkeit dieses Buchstabens (e) und des vorstehenden 
Buchstabens (d) lag zu einem Zeitpunkt von nicht mehr als 10 Tagen vor Zustellung der 
Bescheinigung kein Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vor (und falls ein 
solcher Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vorliegt, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu selbigem); 
(f) 
jeden Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger auf dessen schriftlichen Wunsch hin mit sämtlichen 
Berichten zu versorgen, die vom Sonderaufseher gemäß dem Sonderaufsichtsvertrag erstellt 
wurden; 
(g) 
keine der Bedingungen des Sonderaufsichtsvertrags anzupassen, zu ändern, zu erneuern, zu 
ergänzen oder aufzuheben, ausgenommen: 
(i) 
rein verwaltungstechnische Änderungen und Korrekturen offensichtlicher Irrtümer; 
(ii) 
notwendige Änderungen im Zuge einer Änderung von Gesetzen oder deren 
Auslegung, einschließlich des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der 
CNB-Verordnung; oder

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Änderungen, die den Interessen der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger nicht wesentlich 
entgegenstehen. 
§ 9 
(Kündigungsgründe) 
(1) 
Jeder Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Hypothekenpfandbriefe sofort fällig zu stellen 
und deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zu verlangen, falls eines oder 
mehrere der folgenden Ereignisse (jeweils ein Kündigungsgrund) eintreten und andauern: 
(a) 
Nichterfüllung irgendwelcher Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Emittentin gemäß bzw. im 
Zusammenhang mit den Hypothekenpfandbriefen für einen Zeitraum von mehr als 10 (zehn) 
Bankarbeitstagen ab dem Tag der Fälligkeit dieser Zahlungsverpflichtungen; oder 
(b) 
Die Emittentin erfüllt die Gesetzlichen Tests für einen Zeitraum von mehr als drei Monaten nicht. 
Das Recht zur Fälligstellung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe erlischt, falls der fragliche Kündigungsgrund 
behoben wurde, bevor es zur Ausübung des Rechts kam. 
(2) 
Die Mitteilung der Fälligstellung von Hypothekenpfandbriefen gemäß vorstehendem Abs. 1 soll in 
Textform seitens des Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigers an die Hauptzahlstelle erfolgen, die persönlich 
oder per Einschreiben zuzustellen ist und einen hinreichend stichhaltigen Nachweis enthalten muss, dass 
der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Inhaber der relevanten 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe ist. Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden zum Zeitpunkt des Erhalts der Mitteilung 
durch die Hauptzahlstelle fällig. Die Hauptzahlstelle wird die Mitteilung ohne weitere Prüfung umgehend 
an die Emittentin weiterleiten.  
§ 10 
(Zusätzliche Pflichten der Emittentin zum Vorteil der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger) 
 
Unbeschadet des § 9 gilt, falls eines oder mehrere der folgenden Ereignisse eintritt bzw. eintreten und andauert 
bzw. andauern: 
(a) 
Die Emittentin versäumt es, irgendwelche weiteren Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen einzuhalten 
oder zu erfüllen, und dieser Verzug besteht unbehoben für 45 (fünfundvierzig) Kalendertage ab 
dem Tag fort, an dem der Emittentin eine Mitteilung seitens des Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigers 
zugestellt wurde, in der sie aufgefordert wird, Abhilfe zu schaffen (mit Ausnahme derjenigen 
Fälle, in denen der Verzug wegen seiner Wesensart nicht behoben werden kann, und in denen 
deshalb weder Fortbestand noch Aufforderung zur Abhilfe erforderlich sind, um den 
Kündigungsgrund zu begründen); unter Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen sind jegliche 
wesentliche Verpflichtungen der Emittentin gemäß den Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen und 
gemäß Sonderaufsichtsvertrag zu verstehen;  
(b) 
ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen Deckungstet in Bezug auf die Deckungsmasse; oder 
(c) 
solange dies nach geltendem Recht vorgeschrieben ist, die Emittentin nicht über die Erlaubnis für 
Covered Block verfügt, 
und sofern Hypothekenpfandbriefe dann ausstehend sind, darf die Emittentin keine Tschechischen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen.

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
 
§ 11 
(Mitteilungen) 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind im Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen 
[und]  
[Wenn die Veröffentlichung daneben in einem Börsenpflichtblatt zu machen ist:, soweit gesetzlich 
erforderlich in einem Börsenpflichtblatt. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des Börsenpflichtblatts 
einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr möglich, werden die Mitteilungen in 
einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals 
veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.] 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse bewirkt 
werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe werden [zusätzlich] durch elektronische 
Veröffentlichung 
auf 
der 
Homepage 
der 
[maßgebliche 
Börse] 
[Luxembuger 
Börse] 
(www.[Internetadresse einfügen] [luxse.com]). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem 
Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.]] 
[(2)] Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
[Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen:  
 
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe dem Clearingsystem 
zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger. Jede solche 
Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag nach 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Übermittlung 
der 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
als 
an 
die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die Emittentin die 
jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger 
übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die Hypothekenpfandbriefe notiert sind, diese Form 
der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET] [Londoner] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger bewirkt.]

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von TARGET Bankarbeitstag einfügen: TARGET Bankarbeitstag ist ein Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), T2 zur Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET Bankarbeitstagen: [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
[London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) 
geöffnet sind.]] 
§ 12 
(Rückerwerb) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Hypothekenpfandbriefe am Markt oder auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte Hypothekenpfandbriefe können nach 
Ermessen der Emittentin von der Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur Entwertung 
übermittelt werden. 
§ 13 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Abs. 1 Satz 1 BGB vorgesehene Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Hypothekenpfandbriefe auf zehn Jahre 
verkürzt. 
§ 14 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon unberührt. Eine in Folge 
Unwirksamkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen entstehende Lücke ist durch 
eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen und den Interessen der Parteien 
entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen. 
§ 15 
(Anwendbares Recht, Gerichtsstand[, Sprache]) 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt der Hypothekenpfandbriefe sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Emittentin und der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger unterliegen dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(2) 
Obschon die Hypothekenpfandbriefe ansonsten dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterliegen 
und nach diesem auszulegen sind, ziehen sie Nutzen aus den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, der CNB-Verordnung, der Tschechischen Insolvenz-
ordnung und weiteren Bestimmungen des tschechischen Rechts, die auf die Tschechischen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe anwendbar oder anderweitig für diese von Relevanz sind. Deshalb müssen die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe die Anforderungen der §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes erfüllen und die Deckungsmasse und ihre Verwaltung unterliegen 
tschechischem Recht. Außerdem finden im Falle eines Insolvenzverfahrens gegen die Emittentin § 375 
der Tschechischen Insolvenzordnung sowie weitere einschlägige Bestimmungen der Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung Anwendung auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe und die Deckungsmasse. 
(3) 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den in diesen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, Frankfurt 
am Main. 
[Nur einfügen, falls die Anleihebedingungen nicht ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind: 
(4) 
[Falls nicht-bindende englische Übersetzung beigefügt wird, einfügen: Diese Hypotheken-
pfandbriefbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
ist unverbindlich.]]

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
 
[Falls nicht-bindende deutsche Übersetzung beigefügt wird, einfügen: Diese Hypotheken-
pfandbriefbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
ist unverbindlich.]] 
§ 16 
(Änderungen der Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen) 
(1) 
§§ 5 ff. des (bundesdeutschen) Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (SchVG) 
finden auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe Anwendung. Von daher ist die Emittentin berechtigt, diese 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen mit der im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses erteilten Einwilligung 
der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger zu ändern.  
(2) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses insbesondere 
Folgendem zustimmen: 
(a) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für den Zinszahltag, die Minderung oder Aufhebung des Zinses; 
(b) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für die Zahlung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(c) 
Minderung der des Kapitalbetrags; 
(d) 
Nachrangigstellung der sich aus den Hypothekenpfandbriefen ergebenden Forderungen in einem 
gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahren;  
(e) 
die Umwandlung bzw. der Austausch der Hypothekenpfandbriefe gegen Aktien oder andere 
Wertpapiere oder Obligationen; 
(f) 
Wechsel bzw. Freigabe von Sicherheiten; 
(g) 
Änderung der Währung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe; 
(h) 
Verzicht auf bzw. Einschränkung der Kündigungsrechte, die sich für die Hypotheken-
pfandbriefgläubiger aus den Hypothekenpfandbriefen ergeben; 
(i) 
Änderung oder Aufhebung von Nebenbestimmungen der Hypothekenpfandbriefe; und  
(j) 
Bestellung oder Abberufung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters für die Hypothekenpfand-
briefgläubiger. 
Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss kann nicht dazu verwendet werden, irgendwelchen Hypothekenpfand-
briefgläubigern eine Zahlungsverpflichtung oder sonstige Leistungspflichten aufzuerlegen. 
(3) 
Gemäß § 18 SchVG verabschieden die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger ihre Beschlüsse im Wege einer 
Abstimmung [ohne persönliche Zusammenkunft] [im Rahmen einer persönlichen Zusammenkunft]. 
Die Versammlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger wird von der Emittentin oder vom Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (gemäß der Definition in nachstehender Ziffer 8) einberufen. Gemäß § 9 Abs. 1 Satz 1 SchVG 
i. Verb. m. § 18 SchVG gilt, dass die Versammlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger einberufen 
werden muss, falls Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger, die zusammen Hypothekenpfandbriefe in einem Wert 
von 5 % des ausstehenden Kapitalbetrags der Hypothekenpfandbriefe schriftlich hierum nachsuchen, unter 
Benennung einer der in § 9 Abs. 1 Satz 1 SchVG aufgeführten Gründe. 
(4) 
Beschlüsse der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger werden, vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und 
solange Beschlussfähigkeit gegeben ist, durch eine einfache Mehrheit von Stimmen der stimmberechtigten 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gefasst. 
Für die Verabschiedung von Beschlüssen in den Fällen gemäß § 16 (2) (a) bis (i) bedarf es einer Mehrheit 
von mindestens 75 % der Stimmen der stimmberechtigten Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger.

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
 
(5) 
Die an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger geben ihre Stimmen gemäß der 
Höhe des Kapitalbetrags bzw. ihres rechnerischen Anteils an den ausstehenden Hypothekenpfandbriefen 
ab. Solange die Berechtigung aus den Hypothekenpfandbriefen bei der Emittentin oder irgendeinem ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen liegt bzw. auf Rechnung der Emittentin oder ihres verbundenen Unternehmens 
gehalten wird (§ 271 Abs. 2 des Handelsgesetzbuchs), ruht das Stimmrecht in Bezug auf solche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe. Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die mit solchen ruhenden Stimmrechten 
verbundenen Hypothekenpfandbriefe auf einen Dritten zu übertragen, um die Ausübung der Stimmrechte 
anstelle der Emittentin zu ermöglichen; dies gilt auch für alle verbundenen Unternehmen der Emittentin. 
Niemand ist berechtigt, ein solches Stimmrecht für den im dritten Satz (erster Halbsatz) weiter oben 
beschriebenen Zweck auszuüben.  
(6) 
Bindende Wirkung: Mehrheitsbeschlüsse sind für alle Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger verbindlich. 
Beschlüsse, die nicht für identische Bedingungen für alle Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger sorgen, sind 
nichtig, es sei denn, die benachteiligten Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger haben dieser nachteiligen 
Behandlung ausdrücklich zugestimmt. 
(7) 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger müssen ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an Abstimmungen zum 
Zeitpunkt der Abstimmung nachweisen, und zwar durch eine besondere Bescheinigung seitens der 
Depotstelle (wie nachstehend definiert) und durch Vorlage einer Weisung zur Sperrung seitens der 
Depotstelle zugunsten der Hauptzahlstelle für den Zeitraum der Abstimmung. 
Die von der Depotstelle erteilte Bescheinigung muss 
(a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die Adresse des Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigers bezeichnen; 
(b) 
den Gesamtkapitalbetrag der Hypothekenpfandbriefe bezeichnen, der dem Wertpapierkonto zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erteilung der Bescheinigung gutgeschrieben ist; und  
(c) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotstelle dem Clearingsystem und der Hauptzahlstelle schriftlich die 
Informationen gemäß (a) und (b) übermittelt hat, sowie Bestätigungen seitens des 
Clearingsystems. 
Depotstelle bezeichnet eine Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Kreditinstitut, die bzw. das zur 
geschäftsmäßigen 
Wertpapierverwahrung berechtigt 
ist 
und 
bei der 
bzw. bei 
dem der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger ein Wertpapierkonto betreffend die Hypothekenpfandbriefe unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
(8) 
Die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (Gemeinsamer Vertreter) bestellen, der dann die Rechte der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger 
namens jedes einzelnen Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigers ausübt. Jede geschäftsfähige natürliche Person 
oder qualifizierte juristische Person kann als Gemeinsamer Vertreter tätig werden. Jede Person, die: 
(a) 
Mitglied 
des 
Verwaltungsrats, 
Aufsichtsrats, 
Vorstands 
oder 
eines 
vergleichbaren 
Gesellschaftsgremiums der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist oder 
dort ein Gesellschaftsamt bekleidet oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; 
(b) 
eine Beteiligung von mindestens 20 % am Aktienkapital der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen hält; 
(c) 
Finanzgläubiger der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist, mit einer 
Forderung, deren Betrag mindestens 20 % der ausstehenden Hypothekenpfandbriefe entspricht, 
oder bei einem solchen Finanzgläubiger als Mitglied eines Gesellschaftsgremiums, in leitender 
oder verantwortlicher Position oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; oder  
(d) 
aufgrund einer besonderen persönlichen Beziehung zu irgendeiner der unter (i) bis (iii) genannten 
Personen der Kontrolle durch eine solche Person unterworfen ist;  
muss die maßgeblichen Umstände den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern gegenüber offenlegen, bevor er 
als Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. Treten solche Umstände nach der Ernennung zum Gemeinsamen

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
 
 
 
Vertreter ein, so wird der Gemeinsame Vertreter die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger unverzüglich in 
angemessener Form hiervon unterrichten. 
(9) 
Dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter kommen die Pflichten und Kompetenzen zu, die ihm das Gesetz oder die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger per Mehrheitsbeschluss einräumen. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat sich 
nach den Weisungen der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger zu richten. Insoweit als der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter bevollmächtigt wurde, bestimmte Rechte der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger geltend zu 
machen, sind die Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger nicht berechtigt, diese Rechte selbst in Anspruch zu 
nehmen, es sei denn, der betreffende Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter hat den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern Bericht über seine Tätigkeiten zu erstatten.  
(10) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter haftet den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern gegenüber in deren Eigenschaft 
als Gesamtgläubiger für die Erfüllung seiner Pflichten, derer er sich mit der Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen 
Geschäftsleiters auszuüben hat. [Falls der Beschluss der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger eine 
Beschränkung der Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters vorsieht, einfügen: Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters kann im Wege eines von den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern verabschiedeten 
Beschlusses beschränkt werden.][Falls die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters auf einen festen Betrag 
beschränkt ist, einfügen: Die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf einen Betrag des [[Betrag 
einfügen] 
-fachen 
seiner 
Jahresvergütung] 
[Betrag 
einfügen] 
beschränkt.] 
Die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger entscheiden über die Geltendmachung von Schadensersatzansprüchen 
seitens der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger gegenüber dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter. 
(11) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann von den Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubigern jederzeit auch ohne Angabe 
von Gründen von seinem Amt enthoben werden. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann bei der Emittentin um 
sämtliche Auskünfte nachsuchen, die für die Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben erforderlich sind. Die Emittentin 
kommt für die Kosten und Aufwendungen auf, die mit der Ernennung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
verbunden sind, und zwar einschließlich der angemessenen Vergütung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
 
 
 
III. 
Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (English language version) 
Option I: Terms and Conditions of Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
§ 1 
(Series, Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds, Issuance of Additional Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (Series) of Mortgage Covered Bonds (hypoteční zástavní listy) (Mortgage 
Covered Bonds) of Raiffeisenbank a.s. (Issuer) is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (Issue Date) in 
bearer form pursuant to these terms and conditions (Terms and Conditions) in [insert Specified Currency] 
(Specified Currency) in the aggregate principal amount of [insert Aggregate Principal Amount] 
(Aggregate Principal Amount) in the denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] (Specified 
Denomination).  
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, which is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are initially represented by a temporary global note (Temporary Global 
Note) without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for a permanent global 
note in bearer form (Permanent Global Note, and, together with the Temporary Global Note, (Global 
Notes" and each a Global Note) on or after the 40th day after the Issue Date (Exchange Date) only upon 
delivery of certifications, to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person or are not U.S. persons (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds through such financial 
institutions) (Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates). [If Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
are specified as Clearing System, the following applies: The details of such exchange shall be entered into 
the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] 
The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (Mortgage Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to receive 
definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in the Global 
Notes may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The right to receive 
interest is represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
U.S. persons means such persons as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933 
and particularly includes residents of the United States as well as American stock corporations and private 
companies.  
The Global Notes bear the manual or facsimile signatures of two authorised representatives of the Issuer 
as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 below).] 
[In the case of a Permanent Global Note from the Issue Date, insert: 
 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are represented by a Permanent Global Note (Permanent Global Note or 
Global Note) without interest coupons, which bears the manual or facsimile signatures of two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent 
(as defined in § 5 below). The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders) are not entitled to receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered 
Bonds as co-ownership interests in the Global Note may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations 
of the Clearing System. The right to receive interest is represented by the Global Note.]

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
 
 
 
(3) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. Clearing System means 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear)] [(Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear are individually referred to as an ICSD 
(International Central Securities Depositary) and, collectively, the ICSDs)]. 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent 
Global Note is not a New Global Note, insert: 
 
(4) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent 
Global Note is a New Global Note, insert: 
 
(4) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in new global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper (Common Safekeeper) on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal amount of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the records of 
both ICSDs from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds for its customers 
reflecting the amount of such customer's interest in the Mortgage Covered Bonds) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
 
On any redemption or payment of interest or purchase and cancellation of any of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds represented by the Global Note details of such redemption, interest payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note, shall be entered pro rata into the records 
of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
reflected in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate 
principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. [If the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may be partially redeemed on the basis of an optional redemption right, insert: 
For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of the exercise of an optional redemption (as defined in 
§ 3) relating to a partial redemption, the outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined below) will be 
reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the reasonable 
discretion of the ICSDs pursuant to § 317 BGB.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders to issue additional Mortgage Covered Bonds with identical terms, so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Series comprising the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The term 
"Mortgage Covered Bonds" shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally issued 
Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
 
§ 2 
(Interest) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall bear interest on their outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount 
from [insert Interest Commencement Date] (Interest Commencement Date) (including) to the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 3 (1) below) (excluding) [insert in the case that maturity extension 
applies and the interest rate shall not be amended during the maturity extension: or, in case of a 
Maturity Extension, to the Extended Maturity Date (as defined in § 3 (1) below) (excluding) at the 
Interest Rate per annum] [insert in the case that maturity extension applies and the interest rate shall 
be amended to a floating interest rate during the maturity extension: at the Interest Rate per annum 
and, in the period from the Maturity Date (as defined in § 3 (1) below) (including) to the Extended 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 3 (1) below) (excluding) as set out in § 3 (8) below]. The respective 
Interest Amount shall, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the business day convention [If 
adjustment (as specified in § 4) is applicable, insert: or an adjustment] pursuant to § 4, be payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date pursuant to the provisions in § 4 (1). The first payment of interest 
shall, subject to adjustment pursuant to § 4 , be made on [[insert first Interest Payment Date] [In the 
case of a first short/long coupon, insert: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination] [[Initial Broken Amount per Aggregate Principal 
Amount] per Aggregate Principal Amount]] [In the case of a last short/long coupon, insert: Interest 
in respect of the period from [insert Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date] (including) 
to the Maturity Date (excluding) [in the case that maturity extension applies and the interest rate shall 
not be amended during the maturity extension: or, in case of a Maturity Extension, to the Extended 
Maturity Date (excluding)] will amount to [[Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] per 
Specified Denomination] [[Final Broken Amount per Aggregate Principal Amount] per Aggregate 
Principal Amount].] 
Interest Period means each period from the Interest Commencement Date (including) to the first 
Interest Payment Date (excluding) and from each Interest Payment Date (including) to the following 
Interest Payment Date (excluding) respectively. 
(2) 
Interest Rate means 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
insert:  
 
[insert interest rate in per cent. per annum]. 
Interest Payment Date means the [insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] and the 
Maturity Date [insert in the case of a maturity extension: or, in case of a Maturity Extension, the 
Extended Maturity Date].]  
[In the case of step- up or step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert:  
 
in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the percentage relating to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date as set out in the column "Interest Rate" of the table below.  
Interest Payment Date(s) means each date which is set out under the column "Interest Payment 
Date" in the following table: 
Interest Payment Date 
Interest Rate 
[first Interest Payment Date] 
[interest rate] 
[For each further Interest Payment Date, insert:  
[insert Interest Payment Date] 
 
[interest rate]]

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
 
 
 
Maturity Date[ or Extended Maturity Date (as 
applicable)] 
[interest rate]] 
 
(3) 
The calculation of the Interest Amount (Interest Amount) occurs by multiplying the product of the 
Interest Rate and the Day Count Fraction with [each Specified Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]. 
(4) 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage 
Covered Bond for any period of time (Calculation Period) 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
[If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Interest Period during which it falls, 
insert:  
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in the Interest Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) the number of 
Interest Periods normally ending in any year.]  
[If the Calculation Period is longer than one Interest Period, insert: 
 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Interest Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Interest Period and 
(2) the number of Interest Periods in a year; and 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Interest Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Interest Period and (2) the 
number of Interest Periods in a year.] 
[In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert Fictive Interest 
Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]  
[In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert Fictive Interest 
Payment Date] shall each be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]]

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
 
 
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365)., calculated as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = (DNLY/365) + (DLY/366) 
Where: 
DNLY is the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year; and 
DLY is the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year.] 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[In the case of 30 / 360, 360/360 or Bonds Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000, insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2021, insert: 
 
the number of days in the relevant Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−


--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
 
 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30.] 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 (German interest calculation 
method) insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 with the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to 
the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period (unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date [insert in the case that maturity extension is 
applicable and the interest rate shall not be amended during the maturity extension: or the 
Extended Maturity Date, as applicable] is the last day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2021, insert: 
 
the number of days in the relevant Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.]] 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−


--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
 
 
 
[If 30E/360 (ISDA) (only, if ISDA 2000 Definitions shall be applicable (German interest calculation 
method)) insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date [insert 
in the case that maturity extension is applicable and the interest rate shall not be amended during 
the maturity extension: or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable,] or (ii) such number would 
be 31 and, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period.] 
§ 3 
(Maturity, Redemption Amount 
[, Redemption for tax reasons, Redemption due to illegality or invalidity, Optional Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option), Extended Maturity Date)] 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be redeemed on [insert Maturity Date] (Maturity Date) [insert if 
Maturity Extension is applicable: or in case of a Maturity Extension, on [insert Extended Maturity Date] 
(Extended Maturity Date)] at [their Specified Denomination][the Aggregate Principal Amount][other 
amount]17 (Redemption Amount). 
 
[In the case that maturity extension is applicable, insert: 
 
(2) 
If: 
(a) 
the Issuer or an involuntary covered block administrator (in Czech, nucený správce krytých 
bloků) fails, not at its discretion, to redeem all of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date or within two Banking Days thereafter; or 
 
17 At least in an amount equal to the Aggregate Principal Amount. 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−


--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
any circumstance set out in Section 32a(1)(a) to 32a(1)(d) (inclusive) of the Czech Bonds Act 
occurs in relation to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
a crisis resolution measure (opatření k řešení krize) had been imposed in respect of the Issuer 
or a write down or conversion of eligible capital instruments and eligible intragroup liabilities 
(odpis nebo konverze odepisovatelných kapitálových nástrojů a vnitroskupinových závazků) is 
adopted against the Issuer in accordance with the applicable law relating to recovery and 
resolution in the financial markets; or 
(d) 
any circumstance set out in Article 54(1)(a)(i) or Article 54(1)(a)(ii) of the CRR occurs in 
relation to the Issuer; or 
(e) 
the Issuer does not meet the liquidity cover pool buffer requirements set out in Section 28aa of 
the Czech Bonds Act or it would, as a result of redeeming all of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
in full on the Maturity Date, fail to comply with the liquidity requirements set out in the directly 
applicable EU act, 
 
the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the date on which such Mortgage Covered Bonds will 
be due and repayable for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended up 
to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date (such extension a Maturity Extension). In that event, the 
Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds on 
an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
(3) 
The Issuer shall give to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with § 11) and the Principal 
Paying Agent, notice as to whether or not it intends to redeem all or any of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in full at least five Banking Days prior to the Maturity Date 
or the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such person shall not affect the 
validity or effectiveness of any extension of the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Extended 
Maturity Date. The Principal Paying Agent will notify the Clearing System of the notification (if any) 
given by the Issuer promptly upon such receipt (and in any event by no later than three Banking Days 
prior to the Maturity Date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Principal 
Paying Agent has not received a notice from the Issuer in accordance with this § 3 (3), the Principal Paying 
Agent shall endeavour to notify the Clearing System that the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds will not 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date, as the case may be. 
(4) 
Any extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds under § 3 (2) shall be irrevocable. Where § 3 
(2) applies, any failure to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date (except where the 
Issuer has given notice in accordance with § 3 (3) that it will redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds) or any 
extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Extended Maturity Date under § 3 (2) shall 
not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any Mortgage Covered Bondholder any right to 
receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds other 
than as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions. 
(5) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Mortgage Covered Bonds on 
an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be 
applied rateably across the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the principal amount outstanding on the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
(6) 
For so long as any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds remains in issue, the Issuer shall not issue any further 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Mortgage Covered 
Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
(7) 
§§ 3 (2) to 3 (6) shall only apply to Mortgage Covered Bonds if the maturity of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds is automatically extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with § 3 (2). 
 
[In the case the interest rate shall not be amended during the maturity extension, insert:

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
 
 
 
(8) 
During the Maturity Extension, postponed payments shall bear interest in accordance with the terms 
applicable until the extension.] 
 
[In the case the interest rate shall be amended to a floating interest rate during the maturity extension, 
insert: 
 
 
(8) 
During the Maturity Extension, postponed payments shall bear interest in accordance provisions set out 
below. 
[In the case of specified Interest Periods, insert:  
Interest Payment Date means each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and 
Conditions) falls [insert number] [weeks] [months] after the preceding Interest Payment Date, or in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date following the Maturity Date, after the Maturity Date and the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
Interest Period means each period from the Maturity Date (including) to the next Interest Payment Date 
(excluding) and from each Interest Payment Date (including) to the following Interest Payment Date 
(excluding) respectively.] 
[In the case of Screen Rate Determination, insert: 
 
The interest rate for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be the Reference 
Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied with [factor],] [In the case of a Margin, 
insert:, [plus] [minus] the Margin].  
[In the case of a Margin, insert: Margin means [insert percentage in per cent per annum].] 
Reference Rate means,  
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Constant Maturity Swap ("CMS") 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
 
[insert in the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds where the Reference Rate is 
not SONIA®, SOFR® or €STR®: the [[insert number]-month [Euribor] [[insert 
number]-month [Pribor] offered rate (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective Interest 
Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference 
Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: 
Prague] time, on the respective Interest Determination Date]] [If the 
Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA®) rate for the relevant London Banking Day which appears on the 
Screen Page as of 9.00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant 
Interest Period pursuant to the following formula.  
Compounded Daily SONIA® means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily SONIA® as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the [Calculation Agent] [●] 
on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula: 
[∏(1 +
 SONIA®
𝐢−pLBD X ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] X 365
𝑑 
 
d 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period;

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
 
 
 
do 
means the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
i 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
p 
  
means [insert relevant definition].  
ni 
 for any day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following London Banking Day; 
SONIA®i-pLBD  
 means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling 
in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA® 
reference rate for the London Banking Day falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i". 
Observation Period   
means the period from and including the date falling 
five London Banking Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, 
the date falling five London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling five London Banking Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds become due and payable)] 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: the daily US Dollar overnight 
reference rate (SOFR®) rate for the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page as of 5.00 p.m. (New York 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, calculated on a 
compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to the following 
formula. 
Compounded Daily SOFR® means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily US Dollar overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the 
following formula: 
[∏(1 +
 SOFR®
𝐢−pLBD X ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] X 365
𝑑 
d 
 means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day (as defined below) in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
i 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing 
the 
relevant 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Banking Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
p 
 means [insert relevant definition].  
ni 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to but excluding

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
 
 
 
the following U.S. Government Securities Banking 
Day; 
SOFR®i-pUSBD  
means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SOFR® reference rate for the U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Days prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Banking Day 
"i". 
Observation Period   
means the period from and including the date falling 
five U.S. Government Securities Banking Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
ending on, but excluding, the date falling five U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling five U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Mortgage Covered Bonds become due and 
payable).]  
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert: the daily Euro short-term rate 
(€STR®) for the relevant TARGET Banking Day which appears on the 
Screen Page as of 9.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant 
Interest Period pursuant to the following formula. 
Compounded Daily €STR® means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Euro short-term rate as reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the [Calculation Agent] 
[●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula: 
[∏(1 +
 €STR®
𝐢−pTBD X ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] X 365
𝑑 
 
d 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of TARGET Banking Days since 
the relevant Interest Period; 
i 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant TARGET Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
p 
 
 
means [insert relevant definitions].  
ni 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following TARGET Banking Day; 
€STR®i-pTBD  
means, in respect of any TARGET Banking Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the €STR® 
reference rate for the TARGET Banking Day falling 
"p" TARGET Banking Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Banking Day "i". 
Observation Period

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
 
 
 
means the period from and including the date falling 
five TARGET Banking Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling five TARGET Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling five TARGET 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Mortgage Covered Bonds become due and 
payable). 
[If necessary, the resulting percentage will be rounded to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards.] 
[If Interpolation shall apply for a first short/long coupon, insert:  
 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the 
first Interest Payment Date, for which the Reference Rate will 
be the linear interpolation between the [insert number] month 
[Euribor] [insert number] month [Pribor] offered rate and the 
[insert number] month [Euribor] [insert number] month 
[Pribor] (each expressed as a percentage rate per annum) each 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective 
Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 
11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] 
[If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time, on the 
respective Interest Determination Date.)]  
[If Interpolation shall apply for a last short/long coupon, insert:  
 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the 
Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, for 
which the Reference Rate will be the linear interpolation 
between 
the 
[insert 
number] month 
[Euribor] 
[insert 
number] month [Pribor] offered rate and the [insert 
number] month [Euribor] [insert number] month [Pribor] 
offered rate (each expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
each for deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective 
Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 
11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] 
[If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time, on the 
respective Interest Determination Date.)]  
[If 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
is 
Euribor 
or 
Pribor, 
insert:  
 
 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such 
offered rate does not appear on the Screen Page, the Reference 
Rate shall be the offered quotation on the Screen Page, as 
described above, on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date.] 
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation 
appears at such time, SONIA® shall be: (i) the Bank of 
England’s bank rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of SONIA® to the Bank Rate over the

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
 
 
 
previous five days on which SONIA® has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of 
England publishes guidance as to (i) how SONIA® is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace SONIA®, the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine 
SONIA® for the purpose of the Mortgage Covered Bonds for 
so long as SONIA® is not available or has not been published 
by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the [Calculation 
Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Interest Rate which would have been applicable to such 
Mortgage Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period had the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation 
appears at such time and, (1) unless both a SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event and a SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, SOFR® in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day for which SOFR® was published on 
the Screen Page; or (2) if a SOFR® Index Cessation Event and 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was 
recommended as the replacement for the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal 
Reserve Bank or other designated administrator), provided 
that, if no such rate has been recommended within one U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event, then the rate for each Interest Determination 
Date occurring on or after the SOFR® Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if (i) references to SOFR® 
where references to OBFR, (ii) references to U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day were references to New York Banking 
Day, (iii) references to SOFR® Index Cessation Event were 
references to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references 
to SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date were references to 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date; and provided further 
that, if no such rate has been recommended within one U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event and an OBFR Index Cessation Event has 
occurred, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date 
occurring on or after the SOFR® Index Cessation Effective

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
 
 
 
Date will be determined as if (x) references to SOFR® were 
references to FOMC Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day were references to New 
York Banking Day and (z) references to the Screen Page were 
references to the Federal Reserve’s Website. 
Where: 
FOMC Target Rate means, the short-term interest rate target 
set by the Federal Open Market Committee and published on 
the Federal Reserve’s Website or, if the Federal Open Market 
Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the 
short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open 
Market Committee and published on the Federal Reserve’s 
Website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper 
bound of the target range and the lower bound of the target 
range). 
U.S. Government Securities Banking Day means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
OBFR, means, with respect to any Interest Determination 
Date, the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate in respect of the 
New York Banking Day immediately preceding such Interest 
Determination Date as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator) on the New York Fed’s Website on or about 
5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Interest Determination 
Date. 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a 
OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of 
the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), ceases to publish the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used. 
OBFR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events:  
(a)  
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the OBFR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b)  
the publication of information which reasonably 
confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to 
provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to publish or provide OBFR; or 
(c)  
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. 
official sector entity prohibiting the use of OBFR that applies 
to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including 
existing swap transactions.

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
 
 
 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of 
a SOFR® Index Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate), ceases to publish the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
SOFR® Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(a)  
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide a Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b)  
the publication of information which reasonably 
confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate; or 
(c)  
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other 
official sector entity prohibiting the use of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited 
to, all swap transactions, including existing swap transactions.] 
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert: 
 
€STR®i shall be the rate which was last published before the respective 
Interest Determination Date on the [insert screen page]. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the European Central 
Bank publishes guidance as to (i) how €STR® is to be determined or (ii) 
any rate that is to replace €STR®i, the [Calculation Agent] [●] shall, to 
the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order 
to determine €STR®i for the purpose of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
for so long as €STR®i is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions by the [Calculation Agent] [●], the 
Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been 
applicable to such Mortgage Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period 
had the Mortgage Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
Interest Determination Date means the [first] [last] [second] [insert other 
number of days] [If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: 
TARGET] [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: London] [If the 
Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. Government Securities] [insert other 
financial centre] Banking Day [prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the 
relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
 
 
 
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: TARGET Banking Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which T2 is open for 
settlements in euro.] 
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: [London] [insert other financial 
centre] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. Government Securities] 
Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency) in [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: 
London] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: New York] [insert other 
financial centre]]. 
[If T2 applies, insert: T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated 
by the Eurosystem or any successor system thereto.] 
Screen Page means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement Page). 
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone means the countries and 
territories listed in the Annex of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 
May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.] [If the Reference Rate 
is Euribor or €STR®, insert: 
If (i) a public statement or information by the competent authority of the 
administrator of the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] has been published according 
to which the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] has ceased to be representative or an 
industry-accepted rate for debt market instruments such as the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, or comparable instruments, (ii) a public statement or 
information has been published to the effect that the administrator of the 
[Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] commences the orderly wind-down of the 
[Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] or ceases the calculation and publication of the 
[Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the publication of such statement or information, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®], (iii) 
the administrator of the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] becomes insolvent or an 
insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceedings (affecting the 
administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority, (iv) the competent authority for the administrator of the 
[Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] withdraws or suspends the authorisation pursuant 
to Article 35 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation) or 
the recognition pursuant to Article 32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or 
requires the cessation of the endorsement pursuant to Article 33(6) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation, provided that, at the time of the withdrawal or 
suspension or the cessation of endorsement, there is no successor administrator 
that continues to provide the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] and the administrator 
commences the orderly wind-down of the [EURIBOR] [Pribor] [€STR®] or 
ceases to provide the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] or certain maturities or certain 
currencies for which the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] is calculated permanently 
or indefinitely; or (v) the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] is otherwise discontinued 
or it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the 
[Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] due to any other reason (each a Discontinuation 
Event), the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a rate determined 
by the Issuer as follows by applying steps (I) through (IV) in such order (the 
Successor Reference Rate):] 
 
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA® or SOFR® insert: 
 
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®], (ii) the administrator of the [SONIA®] [SOFR®] ceases 
to calculate and publish the [SONIA®] [SOFR®] permanently or for an 
indefinite period of time, (iii) the administrator of the [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar 
proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
 
 
 
its supervisory or regulatory authority; or (iv) the [SONIA®] [SOFR®] is 
otherwise being discontinued (each a Discontinuation Event), the [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] shall be replaced with a rate determined by the Issuer as follows by 
applying steps (I) through (IV) in such order (the Successor Reference Rate):] 
 
(I) The [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with 
the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], which is announced by 
the administrator of the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], the 
competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the 
successor rate for the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] for the 
term of the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] and which can be 
used in accordance with applicable law; or (if such a successor rate cannot be 
determined); 
 
(II) the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with 
an alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance 
with applicable law) as a reference rate for a comparable term for floating rate 
mortgage covered bonds in the respective currency; or (if such an alternative 
reference rate cannot be determined); 
 
(III) the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with 
an alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance 
with applicable law) as a reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-
floating) in the relevant currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate 
futures in the relevant currency on a recognised futures exchange for exchange 
traded interest futures with regard to the Reference Rate for a comparable term; 
or (if no such alternative reference rate can be determined);  
 
(IV) the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with 
a rate, which is determined by the Issuer (who, for the purposes of such 
determination, may (but is not obliged to) seek and rely on the opinion of a 
reputable third party financial adviser or financial institution experienced with 
the type of calculations required at the time) in its reasonable discretion 
(billiges Ermessen) with regard to the term of the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] and the relevant currency in a commercially reasonable 
manner based on the general market interest levels in the Federal Republic of 
Germany at the relevant time. 
 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be used 
in connection with such successor reference rate (the Successor Reference 
Rate). From the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate (the 
Relevant Date) any reference to the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] shall be read as a reference to the Successor Reference Rate and any 
reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the Relevant Date on be read as 
a reference to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph 
shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 8. 
 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] with a Successor Reference Rate, the Issuer may specify an 
interest adjustment factor or fraction which shall be applied in determining the 
Interest Rate and calculating the interest amount, for the purpose of achieving 
a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the Mortgage 
Covered Bond before the Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to 
the economic detriment of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.  
 
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] cannot be replaced by the Issuer by applying steps (I) 
through (IV) as described above, the Issuer may redeem the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
 
 
 
at par, together with any accrued interest until the redemption date pursuant to 
the provisions in § 4. The Issuer will give notice of such redemption to the 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 11.  
 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Interest Rate 
applicable from the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation 
Event until the redemption date shall be [the Interest Rate applicable to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period][the offered quotation or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as described 
above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which 
such quotations were offered [in the case of Factor, insert: multiplied by 
[factor]] [in the case of Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being added, 
insert: In case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will 
be applied against such quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] The 
Interest Rate will never be less than 0 (zero)] [●]. If the Issuer elects not to 
redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the same Interest Rate shall apply from 
the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event.] 
[In the case of CMS Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
 
the [insert relevant number of years] year Constant Maturity Swap, being the 
swap rate expressed as a percentage rate per annum which appears on the 
Screen Page as of the Reference Rate Time on the respective Interest 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Screen Page means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement Page). 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such quotations do not 
appear on the Screen Page, the Calculation Agent will request the Reference 
Banks to provide the mid-market annual swap rate quotations at 
approximately the Reference Rate Time, on the respective Interest 
Determination Date. 
If at least [insert number] quotations are provided, the Reference Rate for that 
Interest Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the nearest hundred thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotations (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest). 
Reference Rate Time means [insert Reference Rate Time]. 
As used herein, Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the 
interbank market which will be determined by the Issuer in its reasonable 
discretion (§ 315 BGB). 
Interest Determination Date means the [second] [first] [last] [insert other 
number of days] [TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking 
Day [prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest Period.  
[In the case of a TARGET Banking Day, insert: TARGET Banking Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which T2 is open for 
settlements in euro.] 
[In the case of a non-TARGET Banking Day, insert: [London] [insert other 
financial centre] Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [insert other financial centre]].

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
 
 
 
[If T2 applies, insert: T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated 
by the Eurosystem or any successor system thereto.] 
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the 
Reference Rate, (ii) the administrator of the Reference Rate ceases to calculate 
and publish the Reference Rate permanently or for an indefinite period of time, 
(iii) the administrator of the Reference Rate becomes insolvent or an 
insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding (affecting the 
administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority; or (iv) the Reference Rate is otherwise being discontinued 
(each a Discontinuation Event), the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a 
rate determined by the Issuer as follows by applying steps (I) through (IV) in 
such order (the Successor Reference Rate): 
 
(I) The Reference Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is 
announced by the administrator of the Reference Rate, the competent central 
bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the 
Reference Rate for the term of the Reference Rate and which can be used in 
accordance with applicable law; or (if such a successor rate cannot be 
determined); 
 
(II) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, 
which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a 
reference rate for a comparable term for floating rate mortgage covered bonds 
in the respective currency; or (if such an alternative reference rate cannot be 
determined); 
 
(III) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, 
which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a 
reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-floating) in the relevant 
currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate futures in the relevant 
currency on a recognised futures exchange for exchange traded interest futures 
with regard to the Reference Rate for a comparable term; or (if no such 
alternative reference rate can be determined);  
 
(IV) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate, which is determined by 
the Issuer (who, for the purposes of such determination, may (but is not obliged 
to) seek and rely on the opinion of a reputable third party financial adviser or 
financial institution experienced with the type of calculations required at the 
time) in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) with regard to the term of 
the Reference Rate and the relevant currency in a commercially reasonable 
manner based on the general market interest levels in the Federal Republic of 
Germany at the relevant time. 
 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be used 
in connection with such successor reference rate (the Successor Reference 
Rate). From the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate (the 
Relevant Date) any reference to the Reference Rate shall be read as a reference 
to the Successor Reference Rate and any reference to the Screen Page herein 
shall from the Relevant Date on be read as a reference to the Successor Screen 
Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The 
Issuer shall thereafter inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with § 11. 
 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Rate with a 
Successor Reference Rate the Issuer may specify an interest adjustment factor 
or fraction which shall be applied in determining the Interest Rate and 
calculating the interest amount, for the purpose of achieving a result which is 
consistent with the economic substance of the Mortgage Covered Bond before

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
 
 
 
the Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to the economic detriment 
of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.  
 
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the Reference Rate cannot be 
replaced by the Issuer by applying steps (I) through (IV) as described above, 
the Issuer may redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The 
Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed at par, together with any accrued 
interest until the redemption date pursuant to the provisions in § 4. The Issuer 
will give notice of such redemption to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with § 11.  
 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Interest Rate 
applicable from the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation 
Event until the redemption date shall be [the Interest Rate applicable to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period][the offered quotation or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as described 
above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which 
such quotations were offered [in the case of Factor, insert: multiplied by 
[factor]] [in the case of Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being added, 
insert: In case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will 
be applied against such quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] The 
Interest Rate will never be less than 0 (zero)] [●]. If the Issuer elects not to 
redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the same Interest Rate shall apply from 
the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event.] 
[In the case of ISDA determination, insert: 
 
The interest rate for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be the relevant 
ISDA Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied by [insert factor]], [In the case of a 
Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
[The Margin amounts to [insert percentage in per cent per annum].] 
ISDA Rate means for an Interest Period the rate corresponding to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the [Calculation Agent] [Issuer] in the context of an interest rate 
swap transaction if the [Calculation Agent] [Issuer] were to act as calculation agent for such 
swap transaction, such determination occurring pursuant to an agreement declaring the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (in the version that is valid, current, updated and 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association on their website at 
www.isda.org (or a successor website) on the Issue Date) part of the contract and according 
to which 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option corresponds to [insert Floating Rate Option], 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity means a period [insert period from/to], and  
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date corresponds to [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-Zone Interbank Offer Rate ("Euribor") for a currency: the first 
day of this Interest Period] [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is not based on 
the Euribor for a currency, insert: [insert relevant date]]. 
For purposes of this subparagraph (2), (i) Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meaning accorded to these terms 
in the ISDA Definitions, and (ii) Euro-Zone means the countries and territories listed in the 
Annex of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the 
euro, as amended.]

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
 
 
 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate applies, insert: 
[In the case of a Minimum Interest Rate, insert:  
 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert Minimum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert Minimum Interest Rate].] 
[In the case of a Maximum Interest Rate, insert: 
 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above 
provisions is higher than [insert Maximum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert Maximum Interest Rate].]] 
  
The Calculation Agent will arrange for the Interest Rate, each Interest Amount for the respective Interest 
Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent and every stock exchange, on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds are at that 
point of time listed or admitted to trading and whose regulations require a notification to the stock 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than on the [fourth] [insert 
number of days] Banking Day following its calculation. In the case of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period, the Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be adjusted 
in the reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB) (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) to be exercised by the [Calculation Agent] [Issuer]. Any such adjustment will be promptly 
notified to any stock exchange, on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds are then admitted or traded and 
to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 11. 
 
Day Count Fraction means,  
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
[If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Interest Period during which it 
falls, insert:  
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in the Interest Period in which the Calculation Period falls 
and (2) the number of Interest Periods normally ending in any year.]  
[If the Calculation Period is longer than one Interest Period, insert: 
 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Interest Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Interest Period and (2) the number 
of Interest Periods in a year; and 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Interest Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in such Interest Period and (2) the number of Interest 
Periods in a year.] 
[In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment 
Date.]

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
 
 
 
[In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall each be deemed to be an Interest 
Payment Date.]] 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365), calculated as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = (DNLY/365) + (DLY/366) 
Where: 
DNLY is the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year; and 
DLY is the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap 
year.] 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation 
Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).]

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
 
 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2021, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
the number of days in the relevant Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless that 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless that number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30.] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 (German interest calculation 
method) insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 with the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to 
the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period (unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Extended Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2021, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
the number of days in the relevant Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
 
 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless that 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless that number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.] 
[If 30E/360 (ISDA) (only, if ISDA 2000 Definitions shall be applicable (German interest calculation 
method)) insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Extended 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the 
last day of the Calculation Period.]] 
[In the case of redemption for tax reasons, insert: 
 
(9) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not more than [insert maximum 
numbers of days] days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 11, the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in § 6 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in § 6) or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds then due.

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
 
 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3 (9), the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (i) 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring 
or ascertaining as to whether any certifications and/or opinions required by this §3 (9) are provided, nor 
shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications and/or opinions produced nor shall it be 
responsible for contents of any such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event the 
content of such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event the content of such 
certification and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect. The Mortgage Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant 
to this § 3 (9) will be redeemed at their Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption.] 
(10) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not more than [insert maximum 
numbers of days] days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 11, all Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if it has, or will, before the next Interest Payment 
Date of any Mortgage Covered Bond, become unlawful for the Issuer to allow to remain outstanding any 
Mortgage Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment has become or will become effective before the next such Interest Payment Date.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3 (10), the Issuer delivers to the 
Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur 
any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this §3 (10) are 
provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be 
responsible for contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such 
certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this § 3 (10) will be redeemed at their Redemption 
Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
[In the case of optional redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call-Option), insert: 
 
(11) 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] ([the][each such date 
a] Call Date) redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Issuer will give notice of 
such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking Days (as defined in § 4 
[(2)][(3)] below)][months] prior to the [relevant] Call Date pursuant to § 11. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the [relevant] Call Date. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed at 
the [relevant] Call Date at the Optional Redemption Amount [If accrued interest will be paid separately, 
insert: together with any interest accrued until the Call Date] pursuant to the provisions in § 4. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (Optional Redemption Amount) [per Mortgage Covered Bond] [of 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [their Aggregate Principal Amount] 
[as follows: 
[Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which 
may not be lower than the principal amount/issue 
price]]]

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
 
 
 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes 
(a) 
to pay the Interest Amount on each Interest Payment Date and  
(b) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date [In the case that maturity extension is 
applicable, insert: or, in case of a Maturity Extension, on the Extended Maturity Date][.] [or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
(c) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date [If accrued interest will be paid 
separately, insert: including any interest accrued until the Call Date] [.] [or]] 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to §3 (9), insert: 
(d) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to §3 (9) [If 
accrued interest will be paid separately, insert: including any interest accrued until such date of 
redemption][.]] 
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under these Terms and 
Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: up or down to the nearest 0.01 
Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always downwards]] [If the Specified Currency is not 
Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded [upwards][always downwards].  
[In the case of dual currency Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert:  
(2) 
The payment of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s)[,][and] [the Optional Redemption 
Amount] will be settled in [insert currency].  
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [insert currency] is effected by using the Settlement Rate on 
the Rate Calculation Date applicable to the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the 
Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
Settlement Rate means [the "[insert first exchange rate]" multiplied by the "[insert second exchange 
rate]"] [insert conversion rate] on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
"[insert first exchange rate]" means the [insert sponsor]'s (Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page "[insert page]" at approximately [insert time] [insert other time 
zone] ) on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
"[insert second exchange rate]" means [insert sponsor]'s (Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant rate] 
spot rate (Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) which 
appears on Reuters Screen page "[insert page]" at approximately [insert time] [insert time zone] ) on the 
applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
Rate Calculation Date means the [second] [insert day] Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the 
Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, in accordance with the Business Day Convention. 
[Bank Working Day means [TARGET][, [insert financial centre] [and [insert financial centre]].] 
Market Disruption means: 
(a) 
the failure to publish any of the Spot Rates by the relevant Fixing Sponsor,

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
the suspension or restriction in foreign exchange trading for at least one of the relevant currencies 
quoted as a part of the Settlement Rate (including options or futures contracts) or the restriction 
of the convertibility of the currencies quoted in such exchange rate or the effective impossibility 
of obtaining a quotation of such exchange rate, or 
(c) 
any other events the commercial effects of which are similar to the events listed above 
to the extent that the above-mentioned events in the opinion of the Issuer are material. 
If a Market Disruption occurs on any Rate Calculation Date as specified above, such Rate Calculation 
Date shall be postponed to the next following Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the Redemption 
Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
If the Market Disruption continues after such day the last available Settlement Rate before the occurrence 
of the Market Disruption shall be taken for calculation of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest 
Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published by a Fixing Sponsor but by 
another person, company or institution (Replacement Fixing Sponsor), the Issuer may determine the 
Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, on the basis of the Settlement Rate as calculated and published by the Replacement Fixing 
Sponsor. In case of election of a Replacement Fixing Sponsor, each and every reference to the Fixing 
Sponsor, depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Fixing Sponsor. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published, the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, on the basis of another Settlement Rate (Replacement Exchange Rate) as calculated and 
published by the relevant Fixing Sponsor or Replacement Fixing Sponsor, as the case may be. In case of 
election of a Replacement Exchange Rate, each and every reference to the Settlement Rate, depending on 
the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Exchange Rate. 
Should the Issuer come to the conclusion that 
(a)  
a replacement of any Fixing Sponsor is not available; 
(b)  
a replacement of the Settlement Rate is not available; or 
(c)  
due to the occurrence of special circumstances or force majeur such as catastrophes, war, terror, 
insurgency, restrictions on payment transactions, entering of the currency used for the calculation 
of the relevant Spot Rate into the European Monetary Union and other circumstances having a 
comparable impact on the Settlement Rate the reliable determination of the Settlement Rate is 
impossible or impracticable,  
the Issuer will determine the Settlement Rate in its own reasonable discretion pursuant to the German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch "BGB").] 
 
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [Euro] [●] is effected [●].] [At least [EUR] [●] [0.001] [●] [per 
Specified Denomination] [for the Aggregate Principal Amount] will be paid.]] 
([2][3]) If the due date for any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds (Payment Date) is not a Banking 
Day then  
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day.]

--- Page 224 ---
- 224 - 
 
 
 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event the payment 
shall be made on the immediately preceding Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding 
Banking Day.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to further interest or other payments in 
respect of such delay.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as described above, 
such Payment Date and the respective Interest Amount will be adjusted accordingly.] 
Banking Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if T2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and T2] [is] [are] open for business 
[If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, insert: and commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[If T2 applies, insert: T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any 
successor system thereto.] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5). The Principal Paying Agent 
shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective accounts of the depository 
banks for transfer to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The payment to the Clearing System shall 
discharge the Issuer from its obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the amount of such 
payment. Payment of interest and principal in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be made to 
each Mortgage Covered Bondholder that was a Mortgage Covered Bondholder at the close of business on 
the date being 15 Banking Days prior to the relevant payment date (Entitlement Date). 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds when due, accrual of interest 
on due amounts continues on the basis of the default interest rate established by law18. Such accrual of 
interest starts on the due date of that payment (including) and ends at the end of the day preceding the 
effective date of payment (excluding). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, insert: 
(5) 
Payments of interest on the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be 
made only upon delivery of the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates (as described in § 1) by the 
relevant participants to the Clearing System.] 
 
18 
The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 para 1, 247 para 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if at least 
one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the German 
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 225 ---
- 225 - 
 
 
 
§ 5 
(Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent[, Calculation Agent]) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying Agent] 
(Principal Paying Agent). The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (Paying Agents) and revoke 
such appointment. The appointment and revocation shall be published pursuant to § 11. 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying agent].] 
[(2) 
The Calculation Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Calculation Agent] (the 
Calculation Agent).] 
([2][3]) Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or any 
additional Paying Agent] being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation 
Agent] [or any additional Paying Agent], the Issuer is obliged to appoint another bank of international 
standing as Principal Paying Agent [or as additional Paying Agent] [or another person or institution with 
the relevant expertise as Calculation Agent]. Any such transfer of the functions of the Principal Paying 
Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or any additional Paying Agent] shall be notified promptly by the Issuer 
pursuant to § 11. 
([3][4]) In connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Principal Paying Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] 
[and the Calculation Agent] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do[es] not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The 
Principal Paying Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] [and the Calculation Agent] shall be exempt from the 
restrictions of §181 German Civil Code. 
([4][5]) Determinations made by the Calculation Agent, will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
§ 6 
(Taxes) 
(1) 
As a withholding agent, the Issuer is liable for and bears a burden of proof vis-à-vis the tax authorities 
with respect to (i) a proper withholding of any Withholding Tax and Tax Security (as the case may be) 
which are required to be withheld or deducted at source under any Tax Jurisdiction’s law from any 
payment of principal, interest or any other amounts payable in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
as well as (ii) the granting of any Tax Relief. Accordingly, before any Tax Relief can be granted, the 
Issuer will require – unless waived by the Issuer in accordance with this § 6 – for the Beneficial 
Ownership Information to be duly collected and delivered to the Issuer in accordance with the 
Certification Procedures. 
[If a tax gross-up obligation does not apply, insert:  
 
(2) 
All payments in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer will only be made 
after deduction or withholding of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction (Taxes), to the extent that such deduction or withholding is 
required by law. No additional amounts will be paid to cover the amounts so deducted or withheld. The 
Issuer shall account for the deducted or withheld Taxes with the competent government authorities.] 
[If a tax gross-up obligation applies, insert:  
 
(2) 
All payments of principal and interest or any other amounts payable by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any

--- Page 226 ---
- 226 - 
 
 
 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Tax 
Jurisdiction (the Taxes) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will, in respect of payments of interest (if any) only, pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Holders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Czech Republic; or 
(b) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is liable for Taxes in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bond by 
reason of having some connection with the Tax Jurisdiction other than that under point (g) below; 
or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in § 4([2][3])); or 
(d) 
where any such withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes in respect of such Mortgage 
Covered Bond is required by reason of the Issuer or any person on behalf of the Issuer not having 
duly received a true, accurate and complete Beneficial Ownership Information or any other 
similar claim for exemption, where such Beneficial Ownership Information or other claim for 
exemption is required or imposed under the Certification Procedures, except where this is caused 
by actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
(e) 
where any such withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes in respect of such Mortgage 
Covered Bond, based on the Beneficial Ownership Information received by the Issuer under the 
Certification Procedures, is for or on account of the Tax Security; 
(f) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is a Czech Tax Resident individual[; or 
(g) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is a Person Related Through Capital with the Issuer].  
In the event that the Beneficial Ownership Information, or other similar claim for exemption, is not being 
delivered to the Issuer on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in paragraph (d) above, the Issuer 
shall withhold (i) 35 per cent. Withholding Tax from any payment of interest on such Mortgage Covered 
Bond [and (ii) as the Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued at a price lower than its principal amount (i.e. 
below par), 1 per cent. Tax Security from any payment of principal on such Mortgage Covered Bond], 
unless the Issuer is satisfied, in its absolute discretion, that it has in its possession all the necessary 
information enabling it to either not apply the Withholding Tax or to apply it at a reduced rate [, or not to 
apply the Tax Security]. Furthermore, the Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, and provided that it has 
obtained all necessary information substantiating such action, opt to reimburse the relevant Holders, either 
partially or in full, for such Withholding tax [or Tax Security] applied in accordance with the preceding 
sentence. For the avoidance of doubt, should the Issuer opt to provide such reimbursement, the relevant 
Holder shall be entitled to claim refund under the Quick Refund Procedure or Standard Refund Procedure 
(as defined in the Certification Procedures) only for any amount exceeding the amount of reimbursement. 
The Issuer may, at any time, waive any condition set out in this § 6 (2) to the benefit of the Beneficial 
Owners by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with § 11. 
In connection with any refund provided as part of the Standard Refund Procedure (as defined in the 
Certification Procedures), the Issuer shall be entitled to deduct from the relevant payment a fee calculated 
as the sum of (a) a fixed amount of EUR [⚫] and (b) any administrative fees, penalties, interest or similar 
costs such Issuer may incur in connection with the refund (in each case, plus any applicable value added 
tax).] 
(3) 
Subject to the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner pursuant to § 315 of 
the German Civil Code (BGB) and with not less than 30 days’ notice being given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 11 of any such determination or specification, the Issuer is entitled to make any

--- Page 227 ---
- 227 - 
 
 
 
determination or specification (each a Determination), without the consent of the Holders, to any 
provision of this § 6 to reflect: 
(a) 
a change in applicable Czech law or regulation (including any published practice) in respect of 
the Certification Procedures, or any ruling or official interpretation thereof; 
(b) 
a requirement imposed by the Czech tax authorities or another competent authority in respect of 
the Certification Procedures; 
(c) 
a change in the standard market approach in respect of the Certification Procedures; or 
(d) 
a change in any applicable rules or procedures of any party to the implementation of the 
Certification Procedures. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Determination is not to be considered as amending, modifying or 
supplementing any of the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
(4) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this § 6, no additional amounts will be paid where such 
withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto or an agreement between the United States of America and the 
Czech Republic to implement FATCA or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order 
to conform to, such agreement. 
(5) 
As used herein: 
Beneficial Owner means a holder of a Mortgage Covered Bond if such holder is also a beneficial owner 
(within the OECD Model Tax Convention on Income and on Capital meaning of this term) in respect 
of income paid on such Mortgage Covered Bond or a recipient of such income who qualifies as a 
beneficial owner within the above meaning. 
Beneficial Ownership Information means certain information and documentation as set forth under 
the Certification Procedures concerning, in particular, the identity and country of tax residence of a 
recipient of a payment of interest or principal in respect of a Mortgage Covered Bond (together with 
relevant evidence thereof) which enable the Issuer to reliably establish that such recipient is a Beneficial 
Owner with respect to any such payment and that all conditions for the granting of a Tax Relief, if any, 
are met. 
Certification Procedures mean the tax relief at source and refund procedures for the Czech Republic 
implemented by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to facilitate collection of the Beneficial 
Ownership Information which are available at the website of the International Capital Market Services 
Association at www.icmsa.org, as amended or replaced from time to time, or as modified or updated by 
the respective ICSD as part of implementing or operating such procedures. 
[Czech Tax Non-Resident means a taxpayer who is not a tax resident of the Czech Republic, either 
under the Income Taxes Act or under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Czech Tax Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic under the Czech 
Income Taxes Act as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Income Taxes Act means the Czech Act No. 586/1992 Coll., on Income Taxes, as amended.] 
[Legal Entity means a taxpayer other than an individual (i.e. a taxpayer which is subject to corporate 
income tax but who may not necessarily have a legal personality).] 
[OECD means Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.] 
[Person Related Through Capital means every person (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) in a 
situation where (i) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, 
another person, or (ii) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in,

--- Page 228 ---
- 228 - 
 
 
 
several persons and, in each case, such participation (whether direct or indirect) constitutes at least 25% 
of the registered capital of, or 25% of the voting rights in, such other person/persons.] 
[Relevant Date means whichever is the later of (1) the date on which the payment in question first 
becomes due and (2) if the full amount payable has not been received in a city in which banks have 
access to the TARGET System by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the 
full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders.] 
Tax Jurisdiction means (i) the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or (ii) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest 
on the Mortgage Covered Bonds become generally subject. 
Tax Relief means a relief from the Withholding Tax or the Tax Security (as the case may be), whether 
in the form of an exemption or application of a reduced rate. 
Tax Security means a special amount collected by means of a deduction at source made by a 
withholding agent (for example, by an issuer of a note or by a buyer of a note) upon payment of taxable 
income which serves essentially as an advance with respect to tax that is to be self-assessed by the 
recipient of the relevant income (i.e. unlike the Withholding Tax, the amount so withheld does not 
generally represent a final tax liability). 
[Tax Treaty means a valid and effective tax treaty concluded between the Czech Republic and another 
country under which the Czech Tax Non-Resident is treated as a tax resident of the latter country. In 
the case of Taiwan, the Tax Treaty is Act No. 45/2020 Coll., on the Elimination of Double Taxation in 
Relation to Taiwan, as amended.] 
[Withholding Tax means a tax collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding 
agent (for example, by an issuer of a note) upon payment of taxable income. Save in certain limited 
circumstances, such tax is generally considered as final.] 
§ 7 
(Status)  
(1) 
Notwithstanding § 15, the Mortgage Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (hypoteční zástavní 
listy) issued in accordance with Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act. 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
issued by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same Cover Pool (the Issuer may, at its 
sole discretion, create multiple cover pools) and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been 
provided the same priority as the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, in any insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, 
a special regime applies in respect of the obligations arising from the outstanding Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are [“CRR Mortgage Covered Bonds”][“European Covered Bonds 
(Premium)”] complying with requirements of Section 28c(2) of the Czech Bonds Act and solely using 
the Issuer’s CRR Mortgage Loans in order to fulfil the requirements of Section 28a(2) of the Czech 
Bonds Act. 
(4) 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Adjusted Value means, unless required by the applicable laws otherwise, for: 
(a) 
each CRR Residential Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of such CRR Residential Mortgage Loan; and

--- Page 229 ---
- 229 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
80 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value related to such CRR Residential Mortgage 
Loan; 
(b) each CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of such CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
60 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value related to such CRR Commercial Mortgage 
Loan; 
(c) each Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of such Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
the Mortgaged Property Value related to such Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan; 
(d) each PSB’s Receivables and Exposures its outstanding Nominal Value; 
(e) the Cash, its outstanding Nominal Value;  
(f) each Derivative, its real value determined pursuant to the applicable law; and 
(g) each Liquid Asset , which is: 
(i) 
referred to in Section 28aa(3)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act, its market value determined (and, 
if required, reduced) pursuant to Article 9 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/61 of 10 October 2014 to supplement Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and the Council with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for Credit 
Institutions; or 
(ii) 
referred to in Section 28aa(3)(b) of the Czech Bonds Act, its outstanding Nominal Value . 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement dated 15 December 2020, as amended 
and restated on 5 September 2024, and entered into by and between the Issuer as issuer and Deloitte 
Audit s.r.o. as asset monitor (Asset Monitor). 
Asset Monitor Calculation Date means: 
(a) the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(b) following the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date: 
(i) 
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, yearly each day of 
annual anniversary of the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, each Monthly Date 
falling at least one calendar month after the first such occurrence. 
Authorised Signatory means an officer of the Issuer or such other person appointed by the Issuer to act 
as authorised signatory and in respect of whom a certificate has been provided, signed by the Issuer 
setting out the name and signature of that person and confirming such person's authority to sign. 
Business Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in Prague, or in relation to payments in or conversions to or 
from euros, T2 is open for business. 
Cash means receivables or other assets of the Issuer pursuant to Section 31(2)(d) of the Czech Bonds 
Act.

--- Page 230 ---
- 230 - 
 
 
 
CNB means the Czech National Bank. 
CNB Decree means the Decree of the CNB No. 2/2019 Coll. of 21 December 2018 (Vyhláška České 
národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018) implementing certain provisions of the Czech 
Bonds Act, as amended. 
Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance means the sum of the outstanding Adjusted 
Values of all Cover Assets. 
Cover Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register satisfying the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (if applicable for the particular Cover Asset). 
Cover Assets Register means a Cover Assets register for each Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. 
Cover Pool means a part of the assets of the Issuer, which is recorded separately and which is composed 
of assets satisfying the relevant eligibility criteria set out in these Terms and Conditions (if applicable 
for the particular Cover Asset) to cover the obligations of the Issuer arising from the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (including, among other things, their aggregate nominal value and proportionate yield). 
CRR means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 June 2013, on 
Prudential Requirements for Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as amended. 
CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan means the CRR Mortgage Loan secured by the Mortgaged Property 
that is a commercial immovable property within the meaning of the CRR. 
CRR Mortgage Loans mean the Issuer's mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Article 129(1)(d)-(f) of 
the CRR. 
CRR PSB's Receivables mean exposures pursuant to Article 129(1)(a) or (b) of the CRR.  
CRR Residential Mortgage Loan means the CRR Mortgage Loan secured by the Mortgaged Property 
that is a residential property pursuant to Article 4(75) of the CRR. 
Czech Banking Act means Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll. on Banks, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act means the Czech Act No. 190/2004 Coll., on Bonds, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans mean the Issuer's mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Section 
31(2)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Bonds Act PSB's Receivables means receivables set out in Section 31(2)(b) and (c) of the Czech 
Bonds Act that also comply with Section 31(8) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Capital Markets Act means the Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the 
Capital Market, as amended. 
Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act means the Czech Act No. 15/1998 Coll., on Supervision in 
the Capital Market Area and Amendment of Certain Other Acts, as amended. 
Czech Insolvency Act means the Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its 
Resolution (Insolvency Act), as amended. 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds means all instruments and securities issued by the Issuer as Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (hypoteční zástavní listy) pursuant to Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech 
Bonds Act, whether issued under and governed by Czech or foreign law and whether issued under the 
Programme (as the Mortgage Covered Bonds), or under a programme yet to be established by the Issuer 
or on a standalone basis, which are then outstanding.

--- Page 231 ---
- 231 - 
 
 
 
Czech Property Valuation Act means the Act No. 151/1997 Coll., on property valuation, as amended. 
Czech Real Estate Register means the Czech real estate register (katastr nemovitostí) kept pursuant to 
Act No. 256/2013 Coll., on the real estate register, as amended. 
Dealer means Raiffeisen Bank International, Raiffeisenbank a.s. and any other dealers appointed from 
time to time in accordance with the Dealer Agreement, which appointment may be for a specific issue 
or on an ongoing basis (together Dealers). 
Dealer Agreement means the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 5 September 2024 and 
entered into between the Issuer, Raiffeisen Bank International as arranger and dealer and Raiffeisenbank 
a.s. as dealer. 
Debts means all debts covered by the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Statutory Tests set out in 
Section 28a(1) and (2) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Default means a default in respect of the borrower under the Mortgage Loan pursuant to Article 178 of 
the CRR. 
Defaulted Loan means any Mortgage Loan in relation to which a Default occurred and is continuing. 
Derivatives mean rights arising out of a derivative in accordance with Section 2 point 5 of the 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, on OTC derivatives, 
central counterparties and trade repositories (i.e. a financial instrument as set out in points (4) to (10) of 
Section C of Annex I to MiFID II), provided that all the relevant conditions set out in Section 31 of the 
Czech Bonds Act are met. 
First Asset Monitor Calculation Date means 30 September 2024. 
Issue Date means a date on which the Issuer issues Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme; 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement means the amended and restated issuing and paying agency 
agreement dated 5 September 2024 between the Issuer as issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
principal paying agent. 
Liquid Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register referred to in Section 28aa(3) of 
the Czech Bonds Act. 
LTV Ratio means the percentage ratio of the amount of receivables of the Issuer from a Mortgage Loan 
divided by the Mortgaged Property Value of the relevant Mortgaged Property securing such Mortgage 
Loan. 
Monthly Date means the first day of each month (or if such day is not a Business Day, then the 
immediately following Business Day). 
Mortgage Loans mean the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans and the CRR Mortgage Loans included 
in the Cover Pool. 
Mortgaged Property means in relation to any Mortgage Loan, the real property pledged to secure such 
Mortgage Loan, in relation to which all the relevant applicable laws are fulfilled. 
Mortgaged Property Value means the total value of all the Mortgaged Property as determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable laws (including the Czech Property Valuation Act) and the Issuer’s 
internal rules for valuation of the Mortgaged Property.  
Nominal Value means the outstanding principal balance of a Czech Mortgage Covered Bond, Mortgage 
Loan or any other debt or security as the case may be or a sum thereof if the context so requires.

--- Page 232 ---
- 232 - 
 
 
 
Potential Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or request 
and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute 
an Event of Default. 
Programme means the €5,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Bond Programme of the Issuer. 
PSB’s Receivables and Exposures mean CRR PSB’s Receivables and Czech Bonds Act PSB’s 
Receivables. 
Rating Agency means Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. and includes any successor to its rating 
business. 
Registered Nominal Value means the part of the Nominal Value of a Mortgage Loan registered in the 
Cover Assets Register pursuant to Section 3(2)(g) of the CNB Decree for the purpose of compliance 
with Section 28a of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Relevant Exchange Rate means the equivalent in Czech Koruna determined by the Issuer (i) at the rate 
available from the Czech National Bank or any successor source for the conversion of the relevant 
currency or currencies into Czech Koruna on the Banking Day before the relevant determination or, (ii) 
if no such direct exchange rate of the relevant currency or currencies to the Czech Koruna is available, 
the Issuer will use for conversions into Czech Koruna the exchange rate of the relevant currency or 
currencies (as available from the relevant central bank) to the U.S. dollar or the EUR and subsequently 
converting such amount in U.S. dollars or EUR pursuant to the valid U.S. dollar or EUR exchange rate 
to the Czech Koruna (as available from the Czech National Bank) on the Banking Day before the 
relevant determination. 
State Subsidy means any subsidy or similar benefit within the meaning of Czech Government 
Regulation No. 249/2002 Coll., on Conditions of the Provision of Subsidies in relation to Mortgage 
Loans Provided to Persons Under 36 Years of Age, as amended, and Czech Government Regulation No. 
244/1995 Coll., on Conditions of the Provision of Financial Subsidies in relation to Mortgage Loans for 
Housing Development, as amended, or any subsidy or benefits having a similar nature that may be 
introduced into Czech law after the date of the Base Prospectus; for the avoidance of any doubt, the 
definition of State Subsidy shall not include any tax benefits. 
Statutory Tests means all the mandatory statutory tests required by the applicable law or regulations to 
be fulfilled by the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or the Cover Pool, in particular the 
Czech Bonds Act, including those set out in Sections 28a(1), (2) and (3) and 28aa of the Czech Bonds 
Act.  
Statutory Eligibility Criteria means the statutory eligibility criteria for Cover Assets included in the 
Cover Pool as set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree, in particular Sections 30 and 31 of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (First Person) at any particular time, any other person 
(Second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the First Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the Second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the First Person. 
Transaction Documents means:  
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
the relevant set of the Final Terms;

--- Page 233 ---
- 233 - 
 
 
 
(c) 
the Dealer Agreement;  
(d) 
the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement; and 
(e) 
the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
(5) 
Unless a contrary indication appears, a reference in these Terms and Conditions to: 
(a) 
any Transaction Document or any other agreement or instrument is a reference to that 
Transaction Document or other agreement or instrument as amended, novated, supplemented, 
extended or restated; and 
(b) 
a legal act or provision of law is a reference to that legal act or provision of law as amended, 
replaced or re-enacted. 
(6) 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the Issuer is authorised to establish any additional cover pools in respect 
of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds in the future. In such case, the then outstanding Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will remain covered by the Cover Pool existing on the Issue Date, as the same may be amended 
or supplemented from time to time.  
§ 8 
(Issuer Undertakings) 
(1) 
The Issuer covenants to maintain the Cover Pool in accordance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, 
the Statutory Tests and other relevant requirements set out in the applicable law or regulations, including 
the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. The Issuer covenants that it will perform such checks and 
reviews as are required on each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date to ensure that 
each Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool remains in compliance with the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). To the extent that it is not in 
compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria or the Contractual Eligibility Criteria it will make such 
substitutions in the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria. 
(2) 
The Issuer also covenants to ensure that the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance is an 
amount at least equal to 110 per cent. of all Debts (Contractual Asset Cover Test). In relation to the 
Contractual Asset Cover Test, unless otherwise required by the applicable law, each amount shall be 
calculated (i) if denominated in a currency other than Czech Koruna, in the Czech Koruna equivalent of 
such amount ascertained using the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts as at the relevant 
date; and (ii) if denominated in Czech Koruna, in the applicable amount in Czech Koruna. 
(3) 
The Issuer will check that it complies with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test on 
each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date and, to the extent that it is not in 
compliance, it will make such substitutions in the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance 
with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of Default. However, whilst such breach is 
continuing the Issuer shall not issue any Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, which have the benefit of the 
Issuer's Cover Pool. 
(4) 
The Issuer covenants that it will provide from time to time to the Rating Agency (or another rating 
agency which has rated the Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the Asset Monitor information on the current 
value of the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance and will confirm compliance by the 
Issuer with the Contractual Asset Cover Test.  
(5) 
In addition to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the Issuer covenants to ensure that the Cover Pool meets 
the following contractual eligibility criteria in relation to Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool 
(collectively the Contractual Eligibility Criteria): 
(a) 
the Mortgage Loans are governed by Czech law;

--- Page 234 ---
- 234 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
the Mortgage Loans are fully disbursed and the relevant borrower does not have a right or 
entitlement to any additional advance from the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Mortgage Loans did not provide at the time of disbursement for any State Subsidy in 
relation to principal or interest; 
(d) 
the Mortgaged Property is real property which has been fully constructed as evidenced by an 
extract from the Czech Real Estate Register; 
(e) 
the Mortgaged Property is located in the Czech Republic; 
(f) 
the Mortgage Loans are not Defaulted Loans; 
(g) 
under the Mortgage Loans, the maximum amount of secured receivables of the Issuer is at least 
equal to the Registered Nominal Value of such Mortgage Loan; 
(h) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Residential Mortgage Loan does not exceed 80% and if it exceeds 
such threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Residential Mortgage Loan 
exceeding the LTV Ratio of 80% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test; 
(i) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan does not exceed 60% and if it exceeds 
such threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan 
exceeding the LTV Ratio of 60% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test; 
(j) 
the borrower under the Mortgage Loan has made at least one instalment payment; 
(k) 
the Mortgage Loans are all denominated and payable by the relevant borrower in Czech Koruna 
(or other currency which may replace Czech Koruna as the official legal currency in the Czech 
Republic from the date of such replacement);  
(l) 
the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans granted to the Issuer's employees does not exceed 5 
per cent. of the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool; and 
(m) 
the Cover Pool does not contain any asset-backed securities. 
In relation to the Contractual Eligibility Criteria, unless otherwise required by the applicable law, each 
amount shall be calculated (i) if denominated in a currency other than Czech Koruna, in the Czech 
Koruna equivalent of such amount ascertained using the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such 
amounts as at the relevant date; and (ii) if denominated in Czech Koruna, in the applicable amount in 
Czech Koruna. 
(6) 
The Issuer also covenants that, as long as any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds remains outstanding, it 
will: 
(a) 
give notice to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with § 11) and to the Principal 
Paying Agent immediately on the occurrence of any Event of Default; 
(b) 
maintain, at all times, its registered office in the Czech Republic and its authorisation under the 
Czech Banking Act to carry out its activity as a bank as well as all other authorisations and 
registrations required for the Programme under the laws and regulations of the Czech Republic 
(including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Capital 
Markets Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) and it shall furnish the CNB with 
any and all documents that may be necessary in order to maintain such authorisations or 
registrations, in particular, it shall maintain a valid approval of its covered block pursuant to 
Section 30d(3) of the Czech Bonds Act (Permission for Covered Block);

--- Page 235 ---
- 235 - 
 
 
 
(c) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Czech Republic (including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, 
the Czech Capital Markets Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) at such time 
and in such manner as required by such laws and regulations and, in particular, it shall comply 
in all material respects with all of its obligations under the CNB Decree and any other measure 
implementing the Czech Bonds Act in respect of Mortgage Covered Bonds, including, but not 
limited to, its obligations relating to administration of the Cover Assets Register and any other 
ongoing obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Czech Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool); 
(d) 
publish, as soon as practicable after the time of issue thereof and in any event not later than 180 
days after the last day of each financial period of the Issuer, in the English language of each 
report and audited accounts for the relevant financial year/financial period (as appropriate) 
containing a balance sheet and profit and loss account report or other notice, statement or 
circular issued to the creditors of the Issuer; 
(e) 
publish, at the time of publication of its report and accounts pursuant to paragraph (d) above, a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer certifying that, to the best of the 
knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer, (a) during the period between the date as of 
which the last certificate was given (or, in case of the first such certificate, the date hereof) and 
the date as of which such certificate is given, the Issuer has complied with its material 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents or (if such is not the case) giving details of the circumstances 
of such non-compliance and (b) without prejudice to the generality of this paragraph (e) and 
paragraph (d) above, there did not exist as at a date not more than 10 days prior to the date of 
delivery of the certificate, on the part of the Issuer, any Event of Default or Potential Event of 
Default (as applicable) or, if any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as applicable) 
exists, giving details of the same; 
(f) 
provide any Mortgage Covered Bondholder, upon its written request, with any report prepared 
by the Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(g) 
not amend, vary, novate, supplement or waive any term of the Asset Monitor Agreement, 
except for: 
(i) 
changes of administrative nature or corrections of manifest errors; 
(ii) 
changes necessary to reflect consequences of a change in, or a change in interpretation 
of, the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree 
and the CRR; or 
(iii) 
changes that are not materially adverse to the interests of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. 
§ 9 
(Events of Default) 
 
(1) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to declare its Mortgage Covered Bonds due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Redemption Amount, if any one or more of the following 
events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
non-payment of any payment obligations by the Issuer under or in connection with the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which lasts for more than 10 (ten) Banking Days from the date when such 
obligations became due; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to comply with the Statutory Tests for a period longer than three months.

--- Page 236 ---
- 236 - 
 
 
 
The right to declare the Mortgage Covered Bonds due and payable shall terminate if the relevant Event of 
Default has been cured before the right is exercised. 
(2) 
Any notice declaring the Mortgage Covered Bonds due pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made by means 
of a notice in text form by the Mortgage Covered Bondholder to be delivered to the Principal Paying Agent 
by hand or registered mail together with sufficiently conclusive proof that such Mortgage Covered 
Bondholder at the time of such notice is a holder of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage 
Covered Bonds shall fall and payable due upon receipt of the notice by the Principal Paying Agent. The 
Principal Paying Agent shall promptly forward the notice to the Issuer without further examination. 
§ 10 
(Additional Undertakings of the Issuer for the Benefit of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders) 
Without prejudice to § 9, if any one or more of the following events shall occur and be continuing:  
(a) 
the Issuer fails to comply with, perform or observe any of its other Significant Obligations and 
(except, in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice 
as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such failure continues and remains unremedied for 
the period of 45 (forty five) calendar days following the service by any Mortgage Covered 
Bondholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; Significant Obligations 
means any material obligations of the Issuer as set out in the Terms and Conditions and the Asset 
Monitor Agreement; 
(b) 
a breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test with respect to the Cover Pool; or 
(c) 
for so long as this requirement is stipulated by applicable law, the Issuer does not have the 
Permission for Covered Block, 
and if there are any Mortgage Covered Bonds then outstanding, the Issuer must not issue any Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds which have the benefit of the Cover Pool. 
§ 11 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert: 
(1) 
Publication.  
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange, 
insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) [and]  
[If the publication is legally required to be made additionally in a newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany, insert:, to the extent legally required in one newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt). This newspaper is expected to be [insert newspaper 
authorised by the Stock Exchange].] [If publication in this newspaper is no longer possible, the notices 
shall be published in another newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany 
(Börsenpflichtblatt).] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of such 
publications).]

--- Page 237 ---
- 237 - 
 
 
 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock Exchange, insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made [additionally] by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] [Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
(www.[insert internet address]] [luxse.com]). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first of such publications).]] 
[(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unlisted, insert:  
 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET] [London] 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a stock exchange, insert:  
 
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in subparagraph (1) above, deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of a TARGET Banking Day, insert: TARGET Banking Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which T2 is open for settlements in euro.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET Banking Day, insert: [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] [insert other financial centre]].] 
§ 12 
(Repurchase) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds in the market or otherwise and at 
any price. Mortgage Covered Bonds repurchased by the Issuer may, at the Issuer's discretion, be held, resold or 
forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation. 
§ 13 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph (1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is reduced 
to ten years for the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
§ 14 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds be or become invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap arising as a result 
of invalidity or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is to be filled

--- Page 238 ---
- 238 - 
 
 
 
with a provision that corresponds to the meaning and intent of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and is in the interest of the parties. 
§ 15 
(Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction[, Language]) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and the 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, although otherwise governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, will be subject to and will benefit from those provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree, the Czech Insolvency Act and any other provisions of Czech law 
applicable to or relevant for the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Therefore, the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
will need to satisfy requirements of Sections 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the 
Cover Pool and its maintenance will be governed by Czech law. Also, Section 375 of the Czech Insolvency 
Act and other relevant provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act will apply to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
and the Cover Pool in the case of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. 
(3) 
To the extent permitted by law, all legal disputes arising from or in connection with the matters governed 
by the terms and conditions of these Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be brought before the court in 
Frankfurt am Main. 
[Insert only, if Terms and Conditions are not exclusively written in the English language: 
(4) 
[If a non-binding English language translation will be provided, insert: These Terms and Conditions are 
written in the German language. An English language translation is attached. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language translation is provided for convenience only.]] 
[If a non-binding German language translation will be provided, insert: These Terms and Conditions are 
written in the English language. A German language translation is attached. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language translation is provided for convenience only.]] 
§ 16 
(Amendments to the Terms and Conditions) 
(1) 
§§ 5 et seq. of the German Bond Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (the 
SchVG)), shall be applicable in relation to the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Thus, the Issuer may amend 
these Terms and Conditions with consent by majority resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may in particular agree by majority resolution to the following: 
(a) 
a change of the due date for payment of interest, the reduction or the cancellation of interest; 
(b) 
a change of the due date for payment of principal; 
(c) 
a reduction of principal; 
(d) 
a subordination of claims arising from the Mortgage Covered Bonds in insolvency proceedings 
of the Issuer;  
(e) 
a conversion of the Mortgage Covered Bonds into, or the exchange of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds for, shares, other securities or obligations; 
(f) 
an exchange or release of security; 
(g) 
a change of the currency of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(h) 
a waiver or restriction of Mortgage Covered Bondholders' termination rights under the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds;

--- Page 239 ---
- 239 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
an amendment or a rescission of ancillary provisions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(j) 
an appointment or a removal of a common representative for the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
No obligation to make any payment or to render any other performance shall be imposed on any Mortgage 
Covered Bondholder by majority resolution. 
(3) 
Pursuant to § 18 SchVG, Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall pass resolutions by vote taken [without a 
physical meeting][in a physical meeting]. 
A meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be called for by the Issuer or the Common 
Representative (as defined in paragraph (8) below). Pursuant to § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG in connection with 
§ 18 SchVG, a meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders must be called if Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders holding Mortgage Covered Bonds amounting to 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds request so, in writing, with reference to one of the reasons set out 
in § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG. 
(4) 
Except as provided in the following sentence and provided that the requisite quorum is present, a resolution 
of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be passed by simple majority of the rights to vote participating 
in the vote. 
In the cases of this § 16 (2) items (a) through (i), in order to be passed, resolutions require a majority of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the rights to vote participating in the vote. 
(5) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional fraction of its entitlement to the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
As long as the entitlement to the Mortgage Covered Bonds lies with, or the Mortgage Covered Bonds are 
held for the account of, the Issuer or any of its affiliates (§ 271 (2) of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch)), the right to vote in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be suspended. 
The Issuer may not transfer Mortgage Covered Bonds, of which the voting rights are so suspended, to 
another person for the purpose of exercising such voting rights in the place of the Issuer; this shall also 
apply to any affiliate of the Issuer. No person shall be permitted to exercise such voting right for the 
purpose stipulated in sent. (3), first half sentence, herein above. 
(6) 
Binding Effect: Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Mortgage Covered Bondholders are void, unless 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
(7) 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of 
voting by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian (as defined below) and by submission of a 
blocking instruction by the Custodian for the benefit of the Principal Paying Agent for the voting period. 
The statement issued by the Custodian must 
(a) 
indicate the full name and address of the Mortgage Covered Bondholder; 
(b) 
specify the aggregate principal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement; and 
(c) 
confirm that the Custodian has given a written notice to the Clearing System and the Principal 
Paying Agent containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) as well as confirmations by the 
Clearing System. 
Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Mortgage Covered Bondholder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds including the Clearing System.

--- Page 240 ---
- 240 - 
 
 
 
(8) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
Common Representative) to exercise the Mortgage Covered Bondholders' rights on behalf of each 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder. Any natural person having legal capacity or any qualified legal person 
may act as Common Representative. Any person who: 
(a) 
is a member of the management board, the supervisory board, the board of directors or any similar 
body, or an officer or employee, of the Issuer or any of its affiliates; 
(b) 
holds an interest of at least 20 per cent. in the share capital of the Issuer or of any of its affiliates; 
(c) 
is a financial creditor of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, holding a claim in the amount of at least 
20 per cent. of the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds, or is a member of a corporate body, an 
officer or other employee of such financial creditor; or 
(d) 
is subject to the control of any of the persons set forth in numbers (i) to (iii) above by reason of a 
special personal relationship with such person 
must disclose the relevant circumstances to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders prior to being appointed 
as a Common Representative. If any such circumstances arise after the appointment of a Common 
Representative, the Common Representative shall inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders promptly 
in appropriate form and manner. 
(9) 
The Common Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Common Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. To the extent that the Common Representative has 
been authorised to assert certain rights of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Common Representative shall provide reports to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders on its activities. 
(10) 
The Common Representative shall be liable for the performance of its duties towards the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders who shall be joint and several creditors (Gesamtgläubiger); in the performance of 
its duties it shall act with the diligence and care of a prudent business manager. [If the liability of the 
Common Representative may be limited by resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders, insert: The 
liability of the Common Representative may be limited by a resolution passed by the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders.][If the liability of the Common Representative may be limited to a fixed amount, insert: The 
liability of the Common Representative may be limited to [[insert amount] times its annual remuneration] 
[insert amount].] The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall decide upon the assertion of claims for 
compensation of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders against the Common Representative. 
(11) 
The Common Representative may be removed from office at any time by the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders without specifying any reasons. The Common Representative may request all information 
required for the performance of the duties entrusted to it from the Issuer. The Issuer shall bear the costs 
and expenses arising from the appointment of a Common Representative, including reasonable 
remuneration of the Common Representative.

--- Page 241 ---
- 241 - 
 
 
 
Option II: Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
§ 1 
(Series, Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds, Issuance of Additional Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (Series) of Mortgage Covered Bonds (hypoteční zástavní listy) (Mortgage 
Covered Bonds) of Raiffeisenbank a.s. (Issuer) is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (Issue Date) in 
bearer form pursuant to these terms and conditions (Terms and Conditions) in [insert Specified 
Currency] (Specified Currency) in the aggregate principal amount of [insert Aggregate Principal 
Amount] (Aggregate Principal Amount) in the denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] 
(Specified Denomination). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, which is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are initially represented by a temporary global note (Temporary Global 
Note) without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for a permanent global 
note in bearer form (Permanent Global Note, and, together with the Temporary Global Note, Global 
Notes and each a Global Note) on or after the 40th day after the Issue Date (Exchange Date) only upon 
delivery of certifications, to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person or are not U.S. persons (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds through such financial 
institutions) (Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates). [If Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
are specified as Clearing System, the following applies: The details of such exchange shall be entered into 
the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] 
The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (Mortgage Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to 
receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in 
the Global Notes may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The right 
to receive interest is represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
U.S. persons means such persons as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933 
and particularly includes residents of the United States as well as American stock corporations and private 
companies.  
The Global Notes bear the manual or facsimile signatures of two authorised representatives of the Issuer 
as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 below).] 
[In the case of a Permanent Global Note from the Issue Date, insert: 
 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are represented by a Permanent Global Note (Permanent Global Note or 
Global Note) without interest coupons, which bears the manual or facsimile signatures of two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent 
(as defined in § 5 below). The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders) are not entitled to receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered 
Bonds as co-ownership interests in the Global Note may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations 
of the Clearing System. The right to receive interest is represented by the Global Note.] 
(3) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. Clearing System means 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear)] [(Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear are individually referred to as an ICSD 
(International Central Securities Depositary) and, collectively, the ICSDs)]. 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent 
Global Note is not a New Global Note, insert:

--- Page 242 ---
- 242 - 
 
 
 
 
(4) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent 
Global Note is a New Global Note, insert: 
 
(4) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in new global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper (Common Safekeeper) on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal amount of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the records of 
both ICSDs from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds for its customers 
reflecting the amount of such customer's interest in the Mortgage Covered Bonds) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
 
On any redemption or payment of interest or purchase and cancellation of any of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds represented by the Global Note details of such redemption, interest payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note, shall be entered pro rata into the records 
of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
reflected in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate 
principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. [If the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may be partially redeemed on the basis of an optional redemption right, insert: 
For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of the exercise of an optional redemption (as defined in 
§ 3) relating to a partial redemption, the outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined below) will be 
reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the reasonable 
discretion of the ICSDs pursuant to § 317 BGB.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders to issue additional Mortgage Covered Bonds with identical terms, so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Series comprising the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The term 
"Mortgage Covered Bonds" shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally issued 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
§ 2 
(Interest) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall bear interest on their outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount from 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] (Interest Commencement Date) (including) [for each Interest 
Period] to the Maturity Date (as defined in § 3 (1) below) (excluding) [insert in the case that maturity 
extension applies and the interest rate shall not be amended during the maturity extension: or, in case of 
a Maturity Extension, the Extended Maturity Date (as defined in § 3 (1) below) (excluding)] at the Interest 
Rate per annum [insert in the case that maturity extension applies and the interest rate shall be amended 
during the maturity extension: at the Interest Rate per annum and, in the period from the Maturity Date 
(as defined in § 3 (1) below) (including) to the Extended Maturity Date (as defined in § 3 (1) below) 
(excluding) as set out in § 3 (8) below]. The respective Interest Amount shall, subject to an adjustment in 
accordance with the business day convention [If adjustment is applicable (as specified in § 4): or an 
adjustment] pursuant to § 4 ([2)][(3]), be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date pursuant to the 
provisions in § 4 (1).

--- Page 243 ---
- 243 - 
 
 
 
Interest Payment Date means 
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
 
for the period, during which the Mortgage Covered Bonds bear interest on a fixed rate basis (the 
Fixed Interest Term): 
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year]] 
and for the period, during which the Mortgage Covered Bonds bear interest on a floating rate basis 
(Floating Interest Term): 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates, insert: 
 
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] [and the Maturity Date or, in 
case of a Maturity Extension, the Extended Maturity Date] beginning with [first Interest 
Payment Date falling into the Floating Interest Term].] 
[In the case of specified Interest Periods, insert:  
 
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls [insert 
number] [weeks] [months] after the preceding Interest Payment Date [and the Maturity Date 
or, in case of a Maturity Extension, the Extended Maturity Date] beginning with [first 
Interest Payment Date falling into the Floating Interest Term].]  
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, insert: 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates, insert:  
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates without a first long/short coupon, insert:  
 
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] [and the Maturity Date 
or, in case of a Maturity Extension, the Extended Maturity Date]]  
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates with a first long/short coupon, insert:  
 
the [insert first Interest Payment Date] and thereafter [each][the] [insert specified 
Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] [and the Maturity Date or, in case of a 
Maturity Extension, the Extended Maturity Date].]

--- Page 244 ---
- 244 - 
 
 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Periods, insert:  
 
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls 
[insert number] [weeks] [months] after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date[, 
and the Maturity Date].]] 
Interest Period means each period from the Interest Commencement Date (including) to the first Interest 
Payment Date (excluding) and from each Interest Payment Date (including) to the following Interest 
Payment Date (excluding) respectively. 
[In the case of Screen Rate Determination, insert: 
 
(2) 
The interest rate (Interest Rate)  
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
 
during the Fixed Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the Fixed Interest Term, 
will be [insert fixed interest rate in per cent. per annum]  
[In the case of a first short/long coupon, insert:, whereas the interest amount for the First 
Interest Period (as defined below) will be [[insert initial broken amount] per Specified 
Denomination] [[insert initial broken amount] per Aggregate Principal Amount]. 
the Interest Rate during the Floating Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the 
Floating Interest Term, will, except as provided below, be:] 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, insert:  
 
for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be]  
the Reference Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied with [factor],] [In the case of a 
Margin, insert:, [plus] [minus] the Margin].  
[In the case of a Margin, insert: Margin means [insert percentage in per cent. per annum].] 
Reference Rate means,  
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Constant Maturity Swap (CMS) Floating 
Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
 
the [[insert number]-month [Euribor] [[insert number]-month [Pribor] offered rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
respective Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] 
time, on the respective Interest Determination Date] [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, 
insert: the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA®) rate for the relevant London 
Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page as of 9.00 a.m. (London time) on the

--- Page 245 ---
- 245 - 
 
 
 
relevant Interest Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant 
Interest Period pursuant to the following formula.  
Compounded Daily SONIA® means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily SONIA® as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the [Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant 
to the following formula: 
 
d 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
I 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
p 
means [insert relevant definition].  
ni 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and 
including such day "i" up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day; 
SONIA®i-pLBD  
means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA® reference rate for the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i ". 
Observation Period   
means the period from and including the date falling five London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and ending on, but excluding, the date falling five London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling five London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds become due and 
payable)] 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: the daily US Dollar overnight reference rate 
(SOFR®) rate for the relevant U.S. Government Securities Banking Day which appears on 
the Screen Page as of 5.00 p.m. (New York time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to the 
following formula. 
Compounded Daily SOFR® means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily US Dollar overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the [Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula:

--- Page 246 ---
- 246 - 
 
 
 
 
d 
 means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of U.S. Government Securities Banking Day (as 
defined below) in the relevant Interest Period; 
I 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
p 
 means [insert relevant definition].  
ni 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and 
including such day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day; 
SOFR®i-pUSBD  
means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Banking Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SOFR® reference rate 
for the U.S. Government Securities Banking Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day "i". 
Observation Period 
 
means the period from and including the date falling five U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date 
falling five U.S. Government Securities Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
five U.S. Government Securities Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds become due and 
payable).]  
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert: the daily Euro short-term rate (€STR®) for the 
relevant TARGET Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page as of 9.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the 
relevant Interest Period pursuant to the following formula. 
Compounded Daily €STR® means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the [Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination 
Date, pursuant to the following formula: 
 
d 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of TARGET Banking Days since the relevant 
Interest Period;

--- Page 247 ---
- 247 - 
 
 
 
I 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant TARGET Banking Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first TARGET Banking Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
p 
means [insert relevant definitions].  
ni 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and 
including such day "i" up to but excluding the following TARGET 
Banking Day; 
€STR®i-pTBD  
means, in respect of any TARGET Banking Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the €STR® reference rate for the 
TARGET Banking Day falling "p" TARGET Banking Days prior 
to the relevant TARGET Banking Day "i". 
Observation Period   
means the period from and including the date falling five TARGET 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and ending on, but excluding, the date falling five TARGET 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling five TARGET Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds become 
due and payable). 
[If necessary, the resulting percentage will be rounded to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards.] 
[If Interpolation shall apply for a first short/long coupon, insert:  
 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the first Interest Payment 
Date, for which the Reference Rate will be the linear interpolation between the 
[insert number] month [Euribor] [insert number] month [Pribor] offered rate and the 
[insert number] month [Euribor] [insert number] month [Pribor] offered rate (each 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum) each for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the respective Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 
11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the Reference Rate 
is Pribor, insert: Prague] time, on the respective Interest Determination Date.)]  
[If Interpolation shall apply for a last short/long coupon, insert:  
 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Maturity Date, for 
which the Reference Rate will be the linear interpolation between the [insert 
number] month [Euribor] [insert number] month [Pribor] offered rate and the [insert 
number] month [Euribor] [insert number] month [Pribor] offered rate (each 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum) each for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the respective Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 
11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the Reference Rate 
is Pribor, insert: Prague] time, on the respective Interest Determination Date.)]

--- Page 248 ---
- 248 - 
 
 
 
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor or Pribor, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such offered rate does not appear 
on the Screen Page, the Calculation Agent will request each of the Reference Banks 
to provide its rate at which deposits in the Specified Currency are offered at 
approximately 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the 
Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time, on the respective Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: 
Euro-Zone] [If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] interbank market for the 
respective Interest Period in a representative amount. 
If at least two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations, the respective Reference Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005] [If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: hundred 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005] being rounded upwards) of such 
quotations. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations, the respective Reference Rate 
will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as described above) of the rates quoted by major 
banks in the [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone] [If the Reference 
Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague], determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (§ 315 BGB), at approximately 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is 
Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time, on 
that Interest Determination Date for deposits in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for the respective Interest Period and in a representative amount. 
If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time, 
SONIA® shall be: (i) the Bank of England's bank rate (Bank Rate) prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of 
SONIA® to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA® has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, 
one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how SONIA® is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
SONIA®, the [Calculation Agent] [●] shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA® for the purpose of 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds for so long as SONIA® is not available or has not been 
published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the [Calculation Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have 
been applicable to such Mortgage Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period had the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.]

--- Page 249 ---
- 249 - 
 
 
 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time and, 
(1) unless both a SOFR® Index Cessation Event and a SOFR® Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, SOFR® in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day for which SOFR® was published on the Screen Page; or (2) if 
a SOFR® Index Cessation Event and SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as 
the replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York for the purpose of recommending a replacement for the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or 
other designated administrator), provided that, if no such rate has been recommended 
within one U.S. Government Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® Index Cessation 
Event, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if (i) references to 
SOFR® where references to OBFR, (ii) references to U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day were references to New York Banking Day, (iii) references to SOFR® 
Index Cessation Event were references to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) 
references to SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date were references to OBFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date; and provided further that, if no such rate has been 
recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® 
Index Cessation Event and an OBFR Index Cessation Event has occurred, then the 
rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the SOFR® Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if (x) references to SOFR® were 
references to FOMC Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day were references to New York Banking Day and (z) references to the 
Screen Page were references to the Federal Reserve's Website. 
Where: 
FOMC Target Rate means, the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open 
Market Committee and published on the Federal Reserve's Website or, if the Federal 
Open Market Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the short-term 
interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee and published on 
the Federal Reserve's Website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound 
of the target range and the lower bound of the target range). 
U.S. Government Securities Banking Day means any day, except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
OBFR, means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the daily Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate in respect of the New York Banking Day immediately preceding 
such Interest Determination Date as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the New York 
Fed's Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Interest Determination 
Date. 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation 
Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor 
administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), ceases to publish the Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no 
longer be used.

--- Page 250 ---
- 250 - 
 
 
 
OBFR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events:  
(a)  
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the OBFR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b)  
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will 
cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide OBFR; or 
(c)  
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of OBFR that applies to, but need not be limited to, fixed income 
securities and derivatives, to the extent that such public statement has been publicly 
acknowledged by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as an 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" under the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date or such other date as is specified in the appliacable Final Terms) (ISDA 
Definitions). 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate), ceases to publish 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
SOFR® Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
(a)  
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b)  
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(c)  
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need 
not be limited to, fixed income securities and derivatives, to the extent that such public 
statement has been publicly acknowledged by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. as an "SOFR Index Cessation Event" under the ISDA Definitions.] 
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert:  
 
€STR®i shall be the rate which was last published before the respective Interest 
Determination Date on the [insert screen page]. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the European Central Bank 
publishes guidance as to (i) how €STR® is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace €STR®i, the [Calculation Agent] [●] shall, to the extent that it is reasonably

--- Page 251 ---
- 251 - 
 
 
 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine €STR®i for the purpose of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds for so long as €STR®i is not available or has not been 
published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the [Calculation Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have 
been applicable to such Mortgage Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period had the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
Interest Determination Date means the [first] [last] [second] [insert other number of 
days] [If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: TARGET] [If the Reference 
Rate is SONIA®, insert: London] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. 
Government Securities] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day [prior to the] 
[commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest Period.  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: TARGET Banking Day means a 
day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which T2 is open for settlements in euro.]  
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: [London] [insert other financial centre] [If 
the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. Government Securities] Banking Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [If the 
Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: London] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: 
New York] [insert other financial centre]]. 
[If T2 applies, insert: T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor system thereto.] 
Screen Page means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement Page). 
Reference Banks means four major banks in the [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, 
insert: Euro-Zone] interbank market, which will be determined by the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB).  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone means the countries and 
territories listed in the Annex of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 
on the introduction of the euro, as amended.]  
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use [Reference 
Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], (ii) the administrator of the [Reference Rate] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] ceases to calculate and publish the [Reference Rate] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] permanently or for an indefinite period of time, (iii) the 
administrator of the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] becomes 
insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding 
(affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority; or (iv) the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] is 
otherwise being discontinued (each a Discontinuation Event), the [Reference Rate] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a rate determined by the Issuer 
as follows by applying steps (I) through (IV) in such order (Successor Reference 
Rate): 
(I) The [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with the 
[Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], which is announced by the 
administrator of the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], the competent 
central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the 
[Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] for the term of the [Reference Rate]

--- Page 252 ---
- 252 - 
 
 
 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] and which can be used in accordance with applicable 
law; or (if such a successor rate cannot be determined);   
(II) the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with 
applicable law) as a reference rate for a comparable term for floating rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in the respective currency; or (if such an alternative reference rate 
cannot be determined); 
(III) the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with 
applicable law) as a reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-floating) in the 
relevant currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate futures in the relevant 
currency on a recognised futures exchange for exchange traded interest futures with 
regard to the Reference Rate for a comparable term; or (if no such alternative reference 
rate can be determined);  
(IV) the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a rate, 
which is determined by the Issuer (who, for the purposes of such determination, may 
(but is not obliged to) seek and rely on the opinion of a reputable third party financial 
adviser or financial institution experienced with the type of calculations required at 
the time) in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) with regard to the term of the 
[Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] and the relevant currency in a 
commercially reasonable manner based on the general market interest levels in the 
Federal Republic of Germany at the relevant time. 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be used in 
connection with such successor reference rate (Successor Reference Rate). From the 
date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate (Relevant Date) any 
reference to the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be read as a 
reference to the Successor Reference Rate and any reference to the Screen Page herein 
shall from the Relevant Date on be read as a reference to the Successor Screen Page 
and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Issuer shall 
thereafter inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 11. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] with a Successor Reference Rate the Issuer may specify an interest 
adjustment factor or fraction which shall be applied in determining the Interest Rate 
and calculating the interest amount, for the purpose of achieving a result which is 
consistent with the economic substance of the Mortgage Covered Bonds before the 
Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to the economic detriment of the 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders.  
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] cannot be replaced by the Issuer by applying steps (I) through (IV) 
as described above, the Issuer may redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or 
in part]. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed at par, together with any 
accrued interest until the redemption date pursuant to the provisions in § 4. The Issuer 
will give notice of such redemption to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with § 11.  
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Interest Rate 
applicable from the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event 
until the redemption date shall be [the Interest Rate applicable to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period][the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the 
Interest Determination Date on which such quotations were offered [in the case of 
Factor, insert: multiplied by [factor]] [in the case of Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] 
the Margin (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period,

--- Page 253 ---
- 253 - 
 
 
 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being added, insert: In 
case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will be applied against 
such quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] The Interest Rate will never be 
less than 0 (zero)] [•]. If the Issuer elects not to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
the same Interest Rate shall apply from the first Interest Payment Date following the 
Discontinuation Event.] 
[In the case of CMS Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
 
the [insert relevant number of years] year Constant Maturity Swap, being the swap rate 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum which appears on the Screen Page as of the 
Reference Rate Time on the respective Interest Determination Date, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.  
Screen Page means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement Page). 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such quotations do not appear on the 
Screen Page, the Calculation Agent will request the Reference Banks to provide the mid-
market annual swap rate quotations at approximately the Reference Rate Time, on the 
respective Interest Determination Date. 
If at least [insert number] quotations are provided, the Reference Rate for that Interest 
Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest hundred 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotations (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
Reference Rate Time means [insert Reference Rate Time]. 
As used herein, Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market 
which will be determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB). 
Interest Determination Date means the [second] [first] [last] [insert other number of days] 
[TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day [prior to the] 
[commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest Period.  
[In the case of a TARGET Banking Day, insert: TARGET Banking Day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which T2 is open for settlements in euro.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET Banking Day, insert: [London] [insert other financial centre] 
Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in 
[London] [insert other financial centre]]. 
[If T2 applies, insert: T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor system thereto.]If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent to use the Reference Rate, (ii) the administrator of the Reference Rate 
ceases to calculate and publish the Reference Rate permanently or for an indefinite period 
of time, (iii) the administrator of the Reference Rate becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a 
bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced 
by the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority; or (iv) the Reference Rate is 
otherwise being discontinued (each Discontinuation Event), the Reference Rate shall be 
replaced with a rate determined by the Issuer as follows by applying steps (I) through (IV) 
in such order (Successor Reference Rate):

--- Page 254 ---
- 254 - 
 
 
 
(I) The Reference Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is announced by the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, the competent central bank or a regulatory or 
supervisory authority as the successor rate for the Reference Rate for the term of the 
Reference Rate and which can be used in accordance with applicable law; or (if such a 
successor rate cannot be determined);   
(II) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, which is or will 
be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a reference rate for a comparable 
term for floating rate Mortgage Covered Bonds in the respective currency; or (if such an 
alternative reference rate cannot be determined); 
(III) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, which is or will 
be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a reference rate (x) for interest 
rate swaps (fix-to-floating) in the relevant currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate 
futures in the relevant currency on a recognised futures exchange for exchange traded 
interest futures with regard to the Reference Rate for a comparable term; or (if no such 
alternative reference rate can be determined);  
(IV) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate, which is determined by the Issuer 
(who, for the purposes of such determination, may (but is not obliged to) seek and rely on 
the opinion of a reputable third party financial adviser or financial institution experienced 
with the type of calculations required at the time) in its reasonable discretion (billiges 
Ermessen) with regard to the term of the Reference Rate and the relevant currency in a 
commercially reasonable manner based on the general market interest levels in the Federal 
Republic of Germany at the relevant time. 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be used in 
connection with such successor reference rate (Successor Reference Rate). From the date 
of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate (the Relevant Date) any reference to 
the Reference Rate shall be read as a reference to the Successor Reference Rate and any 
reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the Relevant Date on be read as a reference 
to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis 
mutandis. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with § 11. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Rate with a Successor 
Reference Rate the Issuer may specify an interest adjustment factor or fraction which shall 
be applied in determining the Interest Rate and calculating the interest amount, for the 
purpose of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds before the Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to 
the economic detriment of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.  
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the Reference Rate cannot be replaced by the 
Issuer by applying steps (I) through (IV) as described above, the Issuer may redeem the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed at par, together with any accrued interest until the redemption date pursuant to 
the provisions in § 4. The Issuer will give notice of such redemption to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 11.  
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Interest Rate applicable 
from the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event until the 
redemption date shall be [the Interest Rate applicable to the immediately preceding Interest 
Period][the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the Screen 
Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on 
which such quotations were offered [in the case of Factor, insert: multiplied by [factor]] 
[in the case of Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being 
added, insert: In case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will be

--- Page 255 ---
- 255 - 
 
 
 
applied against such quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] The Interest Rate will 
never be less than 0 (zero)] [●]. If the Issuer elects not to redeem the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, the same Interest Rate shall apply from the first Interest Payment Date following the 
Discontinuation Event.] 
[In the case of ISDA determination, insert: 
 
(2) 
The interest rate (Interest Rate)  
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
 
during the Fixed Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the Fixed Interest Term, 
will be [insert fixed interest rate in per cent. per annum] 
[In the case of a first short/long coupon, insert:, whereas the interest amount for the First 
Interest Period (as defined below) will be [[insert initial broken amount] per Specified 
Denomination] [[insert initial broken amount] per Aggregate Principal Amount]. 
The Interest Rate during the Floating Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the 
Floating Interest Term, will be, except as provided below:] 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, insert:  
 
for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be] 
the relevant ISDA Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied by [insert factor]], [In the case 
of a Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
[The Margin amounts to [insert percentage in per cent. per annum].] 
ISDA Rate means for an Interest Period the rate corresponding to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were to act as calculation agent for such swap transaction, such determination 
occurring pursuant to an agreement declaring the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives (in the 
version that is valid, current, updated and published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association on their website at www.isda.org (or a successor website) on the Issue Date) part of 
the contract and according to which 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option corresponds to [insert Floating Rate Option], 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity means a period [insert period from/to], and  
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date corresponds to [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on 
the Euro-Zone Interbank Offer Rate ("Euribor") or the Prague Interbank Offered Rate 
("Pribor") for a currency: the first day of this Interest Period] [If the applicable Floating 
Rate Option is not based on the Euribor or the Pribor for a currency, insert: [insert relevant 
date]]). 
For purposes of this subparagraph (2), (i) Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meaning accorded to these terms in the 
ISDA Definitions, and (ii) Euro-Zone means the countries and territories listed in the Annex of 
Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.]

--- Page 256 ---
- 256 - 
 
 
 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate applies, insert: 
(3) 
[In the case of a Minimum Interest Rate, insert:  
 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above provisions is 
less than [insert Minimum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Minimum Interest Rate].] 
[In the case of a Maximum Interest Rate, insert: 
 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above provisions is 
higher than [insert Maximum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Interest Rate].]] 
[(3)][(4)]  
The Interest Amount (Interest Amount) will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, by 
multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Day Count Fraction with [each Specified 
Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal Amount]. 
[(4)][(5)] 
The Calculation Agent will arrange for the Interest Rate, each Interest Amount for the 
respective Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and every stock exchange, on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds are 
at that point of time listed or admitted to trading and whose regulations require a notification to the stock 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than on the [fourth] [insert 
number of days] Banking Day following its calculation. In the case of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period, the Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be adjusted 
in the reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB) (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment). Any such adjustment will be promptly notified to any stock exchange, on which the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are then admitted or traded and to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
§ 11. 
Banking Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if T2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and T2] [is] [are] open for business 
[If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, insert: and commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[(5)][(6)] 
Day Count Fraction means,  
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for any period 
of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: during the 
[Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (Calculation Period): 
[If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Interest Period during which it falls, 
insert:  
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in the Interest Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) the number of 
Interest Periods normally ending in any year.]

--- Page 257 ---
- 257 - 
 
 
 
[If the Calculation Period is longer than one Interest Period, insert: 
 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Interest Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Interest Period and 
(2) the number of Interest Periods in a year; and 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Interest Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Interest Period and (2) the 
number of Interest Periods in a year.] 
[In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert Fictive Interest 
Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]  
[In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert Fictive Interest 
Payment Date] shall each be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]] 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365), calculated as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = (DNLY/365) + (DLY/366) 
Where: 
DNLY is the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year; and 
DLY is the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year.] 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.]

--- Page 258 ---
- 258 - 
 
 
 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[In the case of 30 / 360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (Calculation Period):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30/360 (ISDA) or 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2021, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (Calculation Period): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−


--- Page 259 ---
- 259 - 
 
 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30.]] 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 (German interest calculation 
method) insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 with the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date 
of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period (unless, in the case of the final Calculation 
Period, the Maturity Date [insert in the case that maturity extension is applicable the interest rate 
shall not be amended during the maturity extension: or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable,] 
is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2021, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (Calculation Period): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−


--- Page 260 ---
- 260 - 
 
 
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.]] 
[If 30E/360 (ISDA) (only, if ISDA 2000 Definitions shall be applicable (German interest calculation 
method)) insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (Calculation Period):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date [insert 
in the case that maturity extension is applicable and the interest rate shall not be amended during 
the maturity extension: or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable,] or (ii) such number would 
be 31 and, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period.] 
§ 3 
(Maturity, Redemption Amount 
[, Redemption for tax reasons, Redemption due to illegality or invalidity, Optional Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option), Extended Maturity Date)] 
(1)  
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be redeemed on [In the case of a specified maturity date, insert: [insert 
Maturity Date]] [In the case of a specified maturity month, insert: the Interest Payment Date falling in 
[insert month] of [insert year]] (Maturity Date) [insert if Maturity Extension is applicable: or in case of 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−


--- Page 261 ---
- 261 - 
 
 
 
a Maturity Extension, on [insert Extended Maturity Date] (Extended Maturity Date)] at [their Specified 
Denomination][the Aggregate Principal Amount][other amount]19 (Redemption Amount). 
 
[In the case that maturity extension is applicable, insert: 
 
(2) 
If: 
(a) 
the Issuer or an involuntary covered block administrator (in Czech, nucený správce krytých 
bloků) fails, not at its discretion, to redeem all of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date or within two Banking Days thereafter; or 
(b) 
any circumstance set out in Section 32a(1)(a) to 32a(1)(d) (inclusive) of the Czech Bonds Act 
occurs in relation to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
a crisis resolution measure (opatření k řešení krize) had been imposed in respect of the Issuer 
or a write down or conversion of eligible capital instruments and eligible intragroup liabilities 
(odpis nebo konverze odepisovatelných kapitálových nástrojů a vnitroskupinových závazků) is 
adopted against the Issuer in accordance with the applicable law relating to recovery and 
resolution in the financial markets; or 
(d) 
any circumstance set out in Article 54(1)(a)(i) or Article 54(1)(a)(ii) of the CRR occurs in 
relation to the Issuer; or 
(e) 
the Issuer does not meet the liquidity cover pool buffer requirements set out in Section 28aa of 
the Czech Bonds Act or it would, as a result of redeeming all of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
in full on the Maturity Date, fail to comply with the liquidity requirements set out in the directly 
applicable EU act, 
 
the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the date on which such Mortgage Covered Bonds will 
be due and repayable for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended up 
to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date (such extension a Maturity Extension). In that event, the 
Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds on 
an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
(3) 
The Issuer shall give to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with § 11) and the Principal 
Paying Agent, notice as to whether or not it intends to redeem all or any of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in full at least five Banking Days prior to the Maturity Date 
or the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such person shall not affect the 
validity or effectiveness of any extension of the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Extended 
Maturity Date. The Principal Paying Agent will notify the Clearing System of the notification (if any) 
given by the Issuer promptly upon such receipt (and in any event by no later than three Banking Days 
prior to the Maturity Date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Principal 
Paying Agent has not received a notice from the Issuer in accordance with this § 3 (3), the Principal Paying 
Agent shall endeavour to notify the Clearing System that the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds will not 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date, as the case may be. 
(4) 
Any extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds under § 3 (2) shall be irrevocable. Where § 3 
(2) applies, any failure to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date (except where the 
Issuer has given notice in accordance with § 3 (3) that it will redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds) or any 
extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Extended Maturity Date under § 3 (2) shall 
not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any Mortgage Covered Bondholder any right to 
receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds other 
than as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions. 
 
19 At least in an amount equal to the Aggregate Principal Amount.

--- Page 262 ---
- 262 - 
 
 
 
(5) 
 If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Mortgage Covered Bonds 
on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall 
be applied rateably across the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the principal amount outstanding on the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
(6) 
For so long as any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds remains in issue, the Issuer shall not issue any further 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Mortgage Covered 
Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
(7) 
§§ 3 (2) to 3 (6) shall only apply to Mortgage Covered Bonds if the maturity of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds is automatically extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with § 3 (2). 
 
[In the case the interest rate shall not be amended during the maturity extension, insert: 
 
(8) 
During the Maturity Extension, postponed payments shall bear interest in accordance with the terms 
applicable until the extension.] 
[In the case the interest rate shall be amended during the maturity extension, insert: 
 
 
(8) 
During the Maturity Extension, postponed payments shall bear interest in accordance 
provisions set out below. ] 
 
[In the case of Screen Rate Determination, insert: 
 
The interest rate for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be the Reference 
Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied with [factor],] [In the case of a Margin, 
insert:, [plus] [minus] the Margin].  
[In the case of a Margin, insert: Margin means [insert percentage in per cent per annum].] 
Reference Rate means,  
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Constant Maturity Swap (CMS) 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
 
[insert in the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds where the Reference Rate is 
not SONIA®, SOFR® or €STR®: the [[insert number]-month [Euribor] [[insert 
number]-month [Pribor] offered rate (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective Interest 
Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference 
Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: 
Prague] time, on the respective Interest Determination Date]] [If the 
Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA®) rate for the relevant London Banking Day which appears on the 
Screen Page as of 9.00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant 
Interest Period pursuant to the following formula.  
Compounded Daily SONIA® means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily SONIA® as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the [Calculation Agent] [●] 
on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula:

--- Page 263 ---
- 263 - 
 
 
 
[∏(1 +
 SONIA®
𝐢−pLBD X ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] X 365
𝑑 
 
d 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
i 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
p 
  
means [insert relevant definition].  
ni 
 for any day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following London Banking Day; 
SONIA®i-pLBD  
 means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling 
in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA® 
reference rate for the London Banking Day falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i". 
Observation Period   
means the period from and including the date falling 
five London Banking Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, 
the date falling five London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling five London Banking Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds become due and payable)] 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: the daily US Dollar overnight 
reference rate (SOFR®) rate for the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page as of 5.00 p.m. (New York 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, calculated on a 
compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to the following 
formula. 
Compounded Daily SOFR® means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily US Dollar overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the 
following formula: 
[∏(1 +
 SOFR®
𝐢−pLBD X ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] X 365
𝑑 
d 
 means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day (as defined below) in the relevant 
Interest Period;

--- Page 264 ---
- 264 - 
 
 
 
i 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing 
the 
relevant 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Banking Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
p 
 means [insert relevant definition].  
ni 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following U.S. Government Securities Banking 
Day; 
SOFR®i-pUSBD  
means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SOFR® reference rate for the U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Days prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Banking Day 
"i". 
Observation Period   
means the period from and including the date falling 
five U.S. Government Securities Banking Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
ending on, but excluding, the date falling five U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling five U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Mortgage Covered Bonds become due and 
payable).]  
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert: the daily Euro short-term rate 
(€STR®) for the relevant TARGET Banking Day which appears on the 
Screen Page as of 9.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant 
Interest Period pursuant to the following formula. 
Compounded Daily €STR® means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Euro short-term rate as reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the [Calculation Agent] 
[●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula: 
[∏(1 +
 €STR®
𝐢−pTBD X ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] X 365
𝑑 
 
d 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of TARGET Banking Days since 
the relevant Interest Period; 
i 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant TARGET Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
p 
 
 
means [insert relevant definitions].

--- Page 265 ---
- 265 - 
 
 
 
ni 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following TARGET Banking Day; 
€STR®i-pTBD  
means, in respect of any TARGET Banking Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the €STR® 
reference rate for the TARGET Banking Day falling 
"p" TARGET Banking Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Banking Day "i". 
Observation Period  
 
means the period from and including the date falling 
five TARGET Banking Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling five TARGET Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling five TARGET 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Mortgage Covered Bonds become due and 
payable). 
[If necessary, the resulting percentage will be rounded to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards.] 
[If Interpolation shall apply for a first short/long coupon, insert:  
 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the 
first Interest Payment Date, for which the Reference Rate will 
be the linear interpolation between the [insert number] month 
[Euribor] [insert number] month [Pribor] offered rate and the 
[insert number] month [Euribor] [insert number] month 
[Pribor] (each expressed as a percentage rate per annum) each 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective 
Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 
11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] 
[If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time, on the 
respective Interest Determination Date.)]  
[If Interpolation shall apply for a last short/long coupon, insert:  
 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the 
Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, for 
which the Reference Rate will be the linear interpolation 
between 
the 
[insert 
number] month 
[Euribor] 
[insert 
number] month [Pribor] offered rate and the [insert 
number] month [Euribor] [insert number] month [Pribor] 
offered rate (each expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
each for deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective 
Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 
11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] 
[If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time, on the 
respective Interest Determination Date.)]  
[If 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
is 
Euribor 
or 
Pribor, 
insert:  
 
 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such 
offered rate does not appear on the Screen Page, the Reference 
Rate shall be the offered quotation on the Screen Page, as

--- Page 266 ---
- 266 - 
 
 
 
described above, on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date.] 
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation 
appears at such time, SONIA® shall be: (i) the Bank of 
England’s bank rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of SONIA® to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which SONIA® has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of 
England publishes guidance as to (i) how SONIA® is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace SONIA®, the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine 
SONIA® for the purpose of the Mortgage Covered Bonds for 
so long as SONIA® is not available or has not been published 
by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the [Calculation 
Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Interest Rate which would have been applicable to such 
Mortgage Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period had the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation 
appears at such time and, (1) unless both a SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event and a SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, SOFR® in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day for which SOFR® was published on 
the Screen Page; or (2) if a SOFR® Index Cessation Event and 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was 
recommended as the replacement for the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal 
Reserve Bank or other designated administrator), provided 
that, if no such rate has been recommended within one U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event, then the rate for each Interest Determination 
Date occurring on or after the SOFR® Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if (i) references to SOFR®

--- Page 267 ---
- 267 - 
 
 
 
where references to OBFR, (ii) references to U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day were references to New York Banking 
Day, (iii) references to SOFR® Index Cessation Event were 
references to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references 
to SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date were references to 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date; and provided further 
that, if no such rate has been recommended within one U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event and an OBFR Index Cessation Event has 
occurred, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date 
occurring on or after the SOFR® Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if (x) references to SOFR® were 
references to FOMC Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day were references to New 
York Banking Day and (z) references to the Screen Page were 
references to the Federal Reserve’s Website. 
Where: 
FOMC Target Rate means, the short-term interest rate target 
set by the Federal Open Market Committee and published on 
the Federal Reserve’s Website or, if the Federal Open Market 
Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the 
short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open 
Market Committee and published on the Federal Reserve’s 
Website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper 
bound of the target range and the lower bound of the target 
range). 
U.S. Government Securities Banking Day means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
OBFR, means, with respect to any Interest Determination 
Date, the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate in respect of the 
New York Banking Day immediately preceding such Interest 
Determination Date as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator) on the New York Fed’s Website on or about 
5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Interest Determination 
Date. 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a 
OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of 
the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), ceases to publish the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used. 
OBFR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events:  
(a)  
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the OBFR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or

--- Page 268 ---
- 268 - 
 
 
 
(b)  
the publication of information which reasonably 
confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to 
provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to publish or provide OBFR; or 
(c)  
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. 
official sector entity prohibiting the use of OBFR that applies 
to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including 
existing swap transactions. 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of 
a SOFR® Index Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate), ceases to publish the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
SOFR® Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(a)  
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide a Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b)  
the publication of information which reasonably 
confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate; or 
(c)  
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other 
official sector entity prohibiting the use of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited 
to, all swap transactions, including existing swap transactions.] 
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert: 
 
€STR®i shall be the rate which was last published before the respective 
Interest Determination Date on the [insert screen page]. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the European Central 
Bank publishes guidance as to (i) how €STR® is to be determined or (ii) 
any rate that is to replace €STR®i, the [Calculation Agent] [●] shall, to 
the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order 
to determine €STR®i for the purpose of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
for so long as €STR®i is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions by the [Calculation Agent] [●], the 
Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been

--- Page 269 ---
- 269 - 
 
 
 
applicable to such Mortgage Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period 
had the Mortgage Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
Interest Determination Date means the [first] [last] [second] [insert other 
number of days] [If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: 
TARGET] [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: London] [If the 
Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. Government Securities] [insert other 
financial centre] Banking Day [prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the 
relevant Interest Period.  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: TARGET Banking Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which T2 is open for 
settlements in euro.] 
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: [London] [insert other financial 
centre] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. Government Securities] 
Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency) in [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: 
London] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: New York] [insert other 
financial centre]]. 
[If T2 applies, insert: T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated 
by the Eurosystem or any successor system thereto.] 
Screen Page means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement Page). 
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone means the countries and 
territories listed in the Annex of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 
May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.] [If the Reference Rate 
is Euribor or €STR®, insert: 
If (i) a public statement or information by the competent authority of the 
administrator of the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] has been published according 
to which the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] has ceased to be representative or an 
industry-accepted rate for debt market instruments such as the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, or comparable instruments, (ii) a public statement or 
information has been published to the effect that the administrator of the 
[Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] commences the orderly wind-down of the 
[Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] or ceases the calculation and publication of the 
[Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the publication of such statement or information, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®], (iii) 
the administrator of the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] becomes insolvent or an 
insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceedings (affecting the 
administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority, (iv) the competent authority for the administrator of the 
[Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] withdraws or suspends the authorisation pursuant 
to Article 35 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation) or 
the recognition pursuant to Article 32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or 
requires the cessation of the endorsement pursuant to Article 33(6) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation, provided that, at the time of the withdrawal or 
suspension or the cessation of endorsement, there is no successor administrator 
that continues to provide the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] and the administrator 
commences the orderly wind-down of the [EURIBOR] [Pribor] [€STR®] or 
ceases to provide the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] or certain maturities or certain 
currencies for which the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] is calculated permanently 
or indefinitely; or (v) the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] is otherwise discontinued 
or it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the 
[Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] due to any other reason (each a Discontinuation 
Event), the [Euribor] [Pribor] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a rate determined

--- Page 270 ---
- 270 - 
 
 
 
by the Issuer as follows by applying steps (I) through (IV) in such order (the 
Successor Reference Rate):]  
 
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA® or SOFR® insert: 
 
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®], (ii) the administrator of the [SONIA®] [SOFR®] ceases 
to calculate and publish the [SONIA®] [SOFR®] permanently or for an 
indefinite period of time, (iii) the administrator of the [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar 
proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or 
its supervisory or regulatory authority; or (iv) the [SONIA®] [SOFR®] is 
otherwise being discontinued (each a Discontinuation Event), the [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] shall be replaced with a rate determined by the Issuer as follows by 
applying steps (I) through (IV) in such order (the Successor Reference Rate):] 
 
(I) The [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with 
the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], which is announced by 
the administrator of the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], the 
competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the 
successor rate for the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] for the 
term of the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] and which can be 
used in accordance with applicable law; or (if such a successor rate cannot be 
determined); 
 
(II) the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with 
an alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance 
with applicable law) as a reference rate for a comparable term for floating rate 
mortgage covered bonds in the respective currency; or (if such an alternative 
reference rate cannot be determined); 
 
(III) the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with 
an alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance 
with applicable law) as a reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-
floating) in the relevant currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate 
futures in the relevant currency on a recognised futures exchange for exchange 
traded interest futures with regard to the Reference Rate for a comparable term; 
or (if no such alternative reference rate can be determined);  
 
(IV) the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with 
a rate, which is determined by the Issuer (who, for the purposes of such 
determination, may (but is not obliged to) seek and rely on the opinion of a 
reputable third party financial adviser or financial institution experienced with 
the type of calculations required at the time) in its reasonable discretion 
(billiges Ermessen) with regard to the term of the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] and the relevant currency in a commercially reasonable 
manner based on the general market interest levels in the Federal Republic of 
Germany at the relevant time. 
 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be used 
in connection with such successor reference rate (the Successor Reference 
Rate). From the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate (the 
Relevant Date) any reference to the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] shall be read as a reference to the Successor Reference Rate and any 
reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the Relevant Date on be read as 
a reference to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph 
shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 11.

--- Page 271 ---
- 271 - 
 
 
 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] with a Successor Reference Rate, the Issuer may specify an 
interest adjustment factor or fraction which shall be applied in determining the 
Interest Rate and calculating the interest amount, for the purpose of achieving 
a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the Mortgage 
Covered Bond before the Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to 
the economic detriment of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.  
 
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the [Euribor] [Pribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] cannot be replaced by the Issuer by applying steps (I) 
through (IV) as described above, the Issuer may redeem the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
at par, together with any accrued interest until the redemption date pursuant to 
the provisions in § 4. The Issuer will give notice of such redemption to the 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 11.  
 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Interest Rate 
applicable from the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation 
Event until the redemption date shall be [the Interest Rate applicable to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period][the offered quotation or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as described 
above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which 
such quotations were offered [in the case of Factor, insert: multiplied by 
[factor]] [in the case of Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being added, 
insert: In case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will 
be applied against such quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] The 
Interest Rate will never be less than 0 (zero)] [●]. If the Issuer elects not to 
redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the same Interest Rate shall apply from 
the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event.] 
[In the case of CMS Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
 
the [insert relevant number of years] year Constant Maturity Swap, being the 
swap rate expressed as a percentage rate per annum which appears on the 
Screen Page as of the Reference Rate Time on the respective Interest 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Screen Page means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement Page). 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such quotations do not 
appear on the Screen Page, the Calculation Agent will request the Reference 
Banks to provide the mid-market annual swap rate quotations at 
approximately the Reference Rate Time, on the respective Interest 
Determination Date. 
If at least [insert number] quotations are provided, the Reference Rate for that 
Interest Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the nearest hundred thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotations (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest). 
Reference Rate Time means [insert Reference Rate Time]. 
As used herein, Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the 
interbank market which will be determined by the Issuer in its reasonable 
discretion (§ 315 BGB).

--- Page 272 ---
- 272 - 
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date means the [second] [first] [last] [insert other 
number of days] [TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking 
Day [prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest Period.  
[In the case of a TARGET Banking Day, insert: TARGET Banking Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which T2 is open for 
settlements in euro.] 
[In the case of a non-TARGET Banking Day, insert: [London] [insert other 
financial centre] Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [insert other financial centre]]. 
[If T2 applies, insert: T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated 
by the Eurosystem or any successor system thereto.] 
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the 
Reference Rate, (ii) the administrator of the Reference Rate ceases to calculate 
and publish the Reference Rate permanently or for an indefinite period of time, 
(iii) the administrator of the Reference Rate becomes insolvent or an 
insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding (affecting the 
administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority; or (iv) the Reference Rate is otherwise being discontinued 
(each a Discontinuation Event), the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a 
rate determined by the Issuer as follows by applying steps (I) through (IV) in 
such order (the Successor Reference Rate): 
 
(I) The Reference Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is 
announced by the administrator of the Reference Rate, the competent central 
bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the 
Reference Rate for the term of the Reference Rate and which can be used in 
accordance with applicable law; or (if such a successor rate cannot be 
determined); 
 
(II) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, 
which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a 
reference rate for a comparable term for floating rate mortgage covered bonds 
in the respective currency; or (if such an alternative reference rate cannot be 
determined); 
 
(III) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, 
which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a 
reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-floating) in the relevant 
currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate futures in the relevant 
currency on a recognised futures exchange for exchange traded interest futures 
with regard to the Reference Rate for a comparable term; or (if no such 
alternative reference rate can be determined);  
 
(IV) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate, which is determined by 
the Issuer (who, for the purposes of such determination, may (but is not obliged 
to) seek and rely on the opinion of a reputable third party financial adviser or 
financial institution experienced with the type of calculations required at the 
time) in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) with regard to the term of 
the Reference Rate and the relevant currency in a commercially reasonable 
manner based on the general market interest levels in the Federal Republic of 
Germany at the relevant time. 
 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be used 
in connection with such successor reference rate (the Successor Reference 
Rate). From the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate (the 
Relevant Date) any reference to the Reference Rate shall be read as a reference 
to the Successor Reference Rate and any reference to the Screen Page herein

--- Page 273 ---
- 273 - 
 
 
 
shall from the Relevant Date on be read as a reference to the Successor Screen 
Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The 
Issuer shall thereafter inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with § 11. 
 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Rate with a 
Successor Reference Rate the Issuer may specify an interest adjustment factor 
or fraction which shall be applied in determining the Interest Rate and 
calculating the interest amount, for the purpose of achieving a result which is 
consistent with the economic substance of the Mortgage Covered Bond before 
the Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to the economic detriment 
of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.  
 
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the Reference Rate cannot be 
replaced by the Issuer by applying steps (I) through (IV) as described above, 
the Issuer may redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The 
Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed at par, together with any accrued 
interest until the redemption date pursuant to the provisions in § 4. The Issuer 
will give notice of such redemption to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with § 11.  
 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Interest Rate 
applicable from the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation 
Event until the redemption date shall be [the Interest Rate applicable to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period][the offered quotation or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as described 
above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which 
such quotations were offered [in the case of Factor, insert: multiplied by 
[factor]] [in the case of Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being added, 
insert: In case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will 
be applied against such quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] The 
Interest Rate will never be less than 0 (zero)] [●]. If the Issuer elects not to 
redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the same Interest Rate shall apply from 
the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event.] 
[In the case of ISDA determination, insert: 
 
The interest rate for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be the relevant 
ISDA Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied by [insert factor]], [In the case of a 
Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
[The Margin amounts to [insert percentage in per cent per annum].] 
ISDA Rate means for an Interest Period the rate corresponding to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the [Calculation Agent] [Issuer] in the context of an interest rate 
swap transaction if the [Calculation Agent] [Issuer] were to act as calculation agent for such 
swap transaction, such determination occurring pursuant to an agreement declaring the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (in the version that is valid, current, updated and 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association on their website at 
www.isda.org (or a successor website) on the Issue Date) part of the contract and according 
to which 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option corresponds to [insert Floating Rate Option], 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity means a period [insert period from/to], and  
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date corresponds to [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-Zone Interbank Offer Rate ("Euribor") for a currency: the first

--- Page 274 ---
- 274 - 
 
 
 
day of this Interest Period] [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is not based on 
the Euribor for a currency, insert: [insert relevant date]]. 
For purposes of this subparagraph (2), (i) Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meaning accorded to these terms 
in the ISDA Definitions, and (ii) Euro-Zone means the countries and territories listed in the 
Annex of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the 
euro, as amended.] 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate applies, insert: 
([●]) 
[In the case of a Minimum Interest Rate, insert:  
 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert Minimum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert Minimum Interest Rate].] 
[In the case of a Maximum Interest Rate, insert: 
 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above 
provisions is higher than [insert Maximum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert Maximum Interest Rate].]] 
  
The Calculation Agent will arrange for the Interest Rate, each Interest Amount for the respective Interest 
Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent and every stock exchange, on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds are at that 
point of time listed or admitted to trading and whose regulations require a notification to the stock 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than on the [fourth] [insert 
number of days] Banking Day following its calculation. In the case of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period, the Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be adjusted 
in the reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB) (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) to be exercised by the [Calculation Agent] [Issuer]. Any such adjustment will be promptly 
notified to any stock exchange, on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds are then admitted or traded and 
to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 11. 
 
Day Count Fraction means,  
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
[If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Interest Period during which it 
falls, insert:  
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in the Interest Period in which the Calculation Period falls 
and (2) the number of Interest Periods normally ending in any year.]  
[If the Calculation Period is longer than one Interest Period, insert: 
 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Interest Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Interest Period and (2) the number 
of Interest Periods in a year; and 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Interest Period divided by the product of (1) the number

--- Page 275 ---
- 275 - 
 
 
 
of days in such Interest Period and (2) the number of Interest 
Periods in a year.] 
[In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment 
Date.]  
[In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall each be deemed to be an Interest 
Payment Date.]] 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365), calculated as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = (DNLY/365) + (DLY/366) 
Where: 
DNLY is the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year; and 
DLY is the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap 
year.] 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation 
Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the

--- Page 276 ---
- 276 - 
 
 
 
last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2021, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
the number of days in the relevant Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless that 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless that number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30.] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 (German interest calculation 
method) insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 with the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to 
the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period (unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Extended Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2021, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
the number of days in the relevant Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 277 ---
- 277 - 
 
 
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless that 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless that number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.] 
[If 30E/360 (ISDA) (only, if ISDA 2000 Definitions shall be applicable (German interest calculation 
method)) insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bond for 
any period of time (the Calculation Period):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Extended 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the 
last day of the Calculation Period.]] 
[In the case of redemption for tax reasons, insert: 
 
(9) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on 
any Interest Payment Date, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not more than 
[insert maximum numbers of days] days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 
11, the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in § 6 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in § 6) or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,

--- Page 278 ---
- 278 - 
 
 
 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3 (9), the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (i) 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring 
or ascertaining as to whether any certifications and/or opinions required by this §3 (9) are provided, nor 
shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications and/or opinions produced nor shall it be 
responsible for contents of any such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event the 
content of such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event the content of such 
certification and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect. The Mortgage Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant 
to this § 3 (9) will be redeemed at their Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(10) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on 
any Interest Payment Date, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not more than 
[insert maximum numbers of days] days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 
11, all Mortgage Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if it has, or will, before the 
next Interest Payment Date of any Mortgage Covered Bond, become unlawful for the Issuer to allow to 
remain outstanding any Mortgage Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become effective before the next such 
Interest Payment Date.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3 (10), the Issuer delivers to the 
Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur 
any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this §3 (10) are 
provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be 
responsible for contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such 
certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this § 3 (10) will be redeemed at their Redemption 
Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
[In the case of optional redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call-Option), insert: 
 
(11) 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] ([the][each such date 
a] Call Date) redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Issuer will give notice of 
such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking Days (as defined in § 4 
([2][3]) below)][months] prior to the [relevant] Call Date pursuant to § 11. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the [relevant] Call Date. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed at the [relevant] 
Call Date at the Optional Redemption Amount [If accrued interest will be paid separately, insert: together 
with any interest accrued until the Call Date] pursuant to the provisions in § 4.

--- Page 279 ---
- 279 - 
 
 
 
The Optional Redemption Amount (Optional Redemption Amount) [per Mortgage Covered Bond] [of 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [their Aggregate Principal Amount] 
[as follows: 
[Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which may 
not be lower than the principal amount/issue 
price]]] 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes 
(a) 
to pay the Interest Amount on each Interest Payment Date and 
(b) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date [In the case that maturity extension is 
applicable, insert: or, in case of a Maturity Extension, on the Extended Maturity Date][.] [or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
(c) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date [If accrued interest will be paid 
separately, insert: including any interest accrued until the Call Date] [.] [or]]  
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to §3(9), insert: 
(d) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to §3(9) [If 
accrued interest will be paid separately, insert: including any interest accrued until such date of 
redemption][.]] 
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under these Terms and 
Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: up or down to the nearest 0.01 
Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always downwards]] [If the Specified Currency is not 
Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded 
[upwards][always downwards].  
[In the case of dual currency Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
(2) 
The payment of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s)[,][and] [the Optional Redemption 
Amount] will be settled in [insert currency].  
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [insert currency] is effected by using the Settlement Rate on 
the Rate Calculation Date applicable to the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the 
Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
Settlement Rate means [the "[insert first exchange rate]" multiplied by the "[insert second exchange 
rate]"] [insert conversion rate] on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
"[insert first exchange rate]" means the [insert sponsor]'s (Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page "[insert page]" at approximately [insert time] [insert other time 
zone] ) on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
"[insert second exchange rate]" means [insert sponsor]'s (Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant rate] 
spot rate (Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) which 
appears on Reuters Screen page "[insert page]" at approximately [insert time] [insert time zone] ) on the 
applicable Rate Calculation Date.

--- Page 280 ---
- 280 - 
 
 
 
Rate Calculation Date means the [second] [insert day] Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the 
Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, in accordance with the Business Day Convention. 
[Bank Working Day means [TARGET][, [insert financial centre] [and [insert financial centre]].] 
Market Disruption means: 
(a) 
the failure to publish any of the Spot Rates by the relevant Fixing Sponsor, 
(b) 
the suspension or restriction in foreign exchange trading for at least one of the relevant currencies 
quoted as a part of the Settlement Rate (including options or futures contracts) or the restriction of 
the convertibility of the currencies quoted in such exchange rate or the effective impossibility of 
obtaining a quotation of such exchange rate, or 
(c) 
any other events the commercial effects of which are similar to the events listed above 
to the extent that the above-mentioned events in the opinion of the Issuer are material. 
If a Market Disruption occurs on any Rate Calculation Date as specified above, such Rate Calculation 
Date shall be postponed to the next following Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the Redemption 
Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
If the Market Disruption continues after such day the last available Settlement Rate before the occurrence 
of the Market Disruption shall be taken for calculation of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest 
Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published by a Fixing Sponsor but by 
another person, company or institution (Replacement Fixing Sponsor), the Issuer may determine the 
Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, on the basis of the Settlement Rate as calculated and published by the Replacement Fixing 
Sponsor. In case of election of a Replacement Fixing Sponsor, each and every reference to the Fixing 
Sponsor, depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Fixing Sponsor. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published, the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, on the basis of another Settlement Rate (Replacement Exchange Rate) as calculated and 
published by the relevant Fixing Sponsor or Replacement Fixing Sponsor, as the case may be. In case of 
election of a Replacement Exchange Rate, each and every reference to the Settlement Rate, depending on 
the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Exchange Rate. 
Should the Issuer come to the conclusion that 
(a)  
a replacement of any Fixing Sponsor is not available; 
(b)  
a replacement of the Settlement Rate is not available; or 
(c)  
due to the occurrence of special circumstances or force majeur such as catastrophes, war, terror, 
insurgency, restrictions on payment transactions, entering of the currency used for the calculation 
of the relevant Spot Rate into the European Monetary Union and other circumstances having a 
comparable impact on the Settlement Rate the reliable determination of the Settlement Rate is 
impossible or impracticable,  
the Issuer will determine the Settlement Rate in its own reasonable discretion pursuant to the German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch "BGB").] 
 
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [Euro] [●] is effected [●].] [At least [EUR] [●] [0.001] [●] [per 
Specified Denomination] [for the Aggregate Principal Amount] will be paid.]]

--- Page 281 ---
- 281 - 
 
 
 
[(2)][(3)] 
If the due date for any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds (Payment Date) is not a 
Banking Day then 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: 
 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event the payment 
shall be made on the immediately preceding Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Floating Rate Convention, insert: 
 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day, unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) an 
Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Banking Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Banking Day in the month, which falls [[insert number] 
months][insert other specified periods] after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: 
 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding 
Banking Day.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert: 
 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to further interest or other payments in 
respect of such delay.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert: 
 
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as described above, 
such Payment Date and the respective Interest Amount will be adjusted accordingly.] 
Banking Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if T2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and T2] [is] [are] open for business 
[If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, insert: and commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[If T2 applies, insert: T2 means the the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or 
any successor system thereto.] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5). The Principal Paying Agent 
shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective accounts of the depository

--- Page 282 ---
- 282 - 
 
 
 
banks for transfer to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The payment to the Clearing System shall 
discharge the Issuer from its obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the amount of such 
payment. Payment of interest and principal in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be made to 
each Mortgage Covered Bondholder that was a Mortgage Covered Bondholder at the close of business on 
the date being 15 Banking Days prior to the relevant payment date (Entitlement Date). 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds when due, accrual of interest 
on due amounts continues on the basis of the default interest rate established by law20. Such accrual of 
interest starts on the due date of that payment (including) and ends at the end of the day preceding the 
effective date of payment (excluding). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, insert: 
(5) 
Payments of interest on the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be 
made only upon delivery of the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates (as described in § 1) by the 
relevant participants to the Clearing System.] 
§ 5 
(Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent, Calculation Agent) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying Agent] 
(Principal Paying Agent). The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (Paying Agents) and revoke 
such appointment. The appointment and revocation shall be published pursuant to § 11. 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying agent].] 
(2) 
The Calculation Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Calculation Agent] (the 
Calculation Agent). 
(3) 
Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent [or any 
additional Paying Agent] being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent or Calculation 
Agent [or any additional Paying Agent], the Issuer is obliged to appoint another bank of international 
standing as Principal Paying Agent [or as additional Paying Agent] or another person or institution with 
the relevant expertise as Calculation Agent. Any such transfer of the functions of the Principal Paying 
Agent or Calculation Agent [or any additional Paying Agent] shall be notified promptly by the Issuer 
pursuant to § 11. 
(4) 
In connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Principal Paying Agent[, the Paying Agent[s]] and 
the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do[es] not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Principal Paying 
Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] and the Calculation Agent shall be exempt from the restrictions of §181 
German Civil Code. 
(5) 
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent, will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
§ 6 
(Taxes) 
(1) 
As a withholding agent, the Issuer is liable for and bears a burden of proof vis-à-vis the tax authorities 
with respect to (i) a proper withholding of any Withholding Tax and Tax Security (as the case may be) 
which are required to be withheld or deducted at source under any Tax Jurisdiction’s law from any 
payment of principal, interest or any other amounts payable in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
as well as (ii) the granting of any Tax Relief. Accordingly, before any Tax Relief can be granted, the 
 
20 
The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 para 1, 247 para 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if at least 
one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the German 
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 283 ---
- 283 - 
 
 
 
Issuer will require – unless waived by the Issuer in accordance with this § 6 – for the Beneficial 
Ownership Information to be duly collected and delivered to the Issuer in accordance with the 
Certification Procedures. 
 
[If a tax gross-up obligation does not apply, insert:  
 
(2) 
All payments in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer will only be made 
after deduction or withholding of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction (Taxes),  to the extent that such deduction or withholding is 
required by law. No additional amounts will be paid to cover the amounts so deducted or withheld. The 
Issuer shall account for the deducted or withheld Taxes with the competent government authorities.] 
[If a tax gross-up obligation applies, insert:  
 
(2) 
All payments of principal and interest or any other amounts payable by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Tax 
Jurisdiction (the Taxes) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will, in respect of payments of interest (if any) only, pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Holders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Czech Republic; or 
(b) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is liable for Taxes in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bond 
by reason of having some connection with the Tax Jurisdiction [other than that under point (g) 
below]; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in § 4([2][3])); or 
(d) 
where any such withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes in respect of such 
Mortgage Covered Bond is required by reason of the Issuer or any person on behalf of the 
Issuer not having duly received a true, accurate and complete Beneficial Ownership 
Information or any other similar claim for exemption, where such Beneficial Ownership 
Information or other claim for exemption is required or imposed under the Certification 
Procedures, except where this is caused by actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
(e) 
where any such withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes in respect of such 
Mortgage Covered Bond, based on the Beneficial Ownership Information received by the 
Issuer under the Certification Procedures, is for or on account of the Tax Security; 
(f) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is a Czech Tax Resident individual[; or 
(g) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is a Person Related Through Capital with the Issuer].

--- Page 284 ---
- 284 - 
 
 
 
In the event that the Beneficial Ownership Information, or other similar claim for exemption, is not being 
delivered to the Issuer on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in paragraph (d) above, the Issuer 
shall withhold (i) 35 per cent. Withholding Tax from any payment of interest on such Mortgage Covered 
Bond [and (ii) as the Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued at a price lower than its principal amount (i.e. 
below par), 1 per cent. Tax Security from any payment of principal on such Mortgage Covered Bond] 
unless the Issuer is satisfied, in its absolute discretion, that it has in its possession all the necessary 
information enabling it to either not apply the Withholding Tax or to apply it at a reduced rate [or not to 
apply the Tax Security]. Furthermore, the Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, and provided that it has 
obtained all necessary information substantiating such action, opt to reimburse the relevant Holders, either 
partially or in full, for such Withholding tax [or Tax Security] applied in accordance with the preceding 
sentence. For the avoidance of doubt, should the Issuer opt to provide such reimbursement, the relevant 
Holder shall be entitled to claim refund under the Quick Refund Procedure or Standard Refund Procedure 
(as defined in the Certification Procedures) only for any amount exceeding the amount of reimbursement. 
 
The Issuer may, at any time, waive any condition set out in this § 6 (2) to the benefit of the Beneficial 
Owners by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with § 11. 
In connection with any refund provided as part of the Standard Refund Procedure (as defined in the 
Certification Procedures), the Issuer shall be entitled to deduct from the relevant payment a fee calculated 
as the sum of (a) a fixed amount of EUR [⚫] and (b) any administrative fees, penalties, interest or similar 
costs such Issuer may incur in connection with the refund (in each case, plus any applicable value added 
tax).] 
(3) 
Subject to the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner pursuant to § 315 of 
the German Civil Code (BGB) and with not less than 30 days’ notice being given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 11 of any such determination or specification, the Issuer is entitled to make any 
determination or specification (each Determination), without the consent of the Holders, to any provision 
of this § 6 to reflect: 
(a) 
a change in applicable Czech law or regulation (including any published practice) in respect 
of the Certification Procedures, or any ruling or official interpretation thereof; 
(b) 
a requirement imposed by the Czech tax authorities or another competent authority in respect 
of the Certification Procedures; 
(c) 
a change in the standard market approach in respect of the Certification Procedures; or 
(d) 
a change in any applicable rules or procedures of any party to the implementation of the 
Certification Procedures. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Determination is not to be considered as amending, modifying or 
supplementing any of the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
(4) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this § 6, no additional amounts will be paid where such 
withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto or an agreement between the United States of America and the 
Czech Republic to implement FATCA or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order 
to conform to, such agreement. 
(5) 
As used herein: 
Beneficial Owner means a holder of a Mortgage Covered Bond if such holder is also a beneficial owner 
(within the OECD Model Tax Convention on Income and on Capital meaning of this term) in respect of 
income paid on such Mortgage Covered Bond or a recipient of such income who qualifies as a beneficial 
owner within the above meaning.

--- Page 285 ---
- 285 - 
 
 
 
Beneficial Ownership Information means certain information and documentation as set forth under the 
Certification Procedures concerning, in particular, the identity and country of tax residence of a recipient 
of a payment of interest or principal in respect of a Mortgage Covered Bond (together with relevant 
evidence thereof) which enable the Issuer to reliably establish that such recipient is a Beneficial Owner 
with respect to any such payment and that all conditions for the granting of a Tax Relief, if any, are met. 
Certification Procedures mean the tax relief at source and refund procedures for the Czech Republic 
implemented by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to facilitate collection of the Beneficial 
Ownership Information which are available at the website of the International Capital Market Services 
Association at www.icmsa.org, as amended or replaced from time to time, or as modified or updated by 
the respective ICSD as part of implementing or operating such procedures. 
[Czech Tax Non-Resident means a taxpayer who is not a tax resident of the Czech Republic, either under 
the Income Taxes Act or under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Czech Tax Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic under the Czech 
Income Taxes Act as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Income Taxes Act means the Czech Act No. 586/1992 Coll., on Income Taxes, as amended.] 
[Legal Entity means a taxpayer other than an individual (i.e. a taxpayer which is subject to corporate 
income tax but who may not necessarily have a legal personality).] 
[OECD means Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.] 
[Person Related Through Capital means every person (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) in a 
situation where (i) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, another 
person, or (ii) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, several 
persons and, in each case, such participation (whether direct or indirect) constitutes at least 25% of the 
registered capital of, or 25% of the voting rights in, such other person/persons.] 
[Relevant Date means whichever is the later of (1) the date on which the payment in question first becomes 
due and (2) if the full amount payable has not been received in a city in which banks have access to the 
TARGET System by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount 
having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.] 
Tax Jurisdiction means (i) the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or (ii) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest on 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds become generally subject. 
Tax Relief means a relief from the Withholding Tax or the Tax Security (as the case may be), whether in 
the form of an exemption or application of a reduced rate. 
Tax Security means a special amount collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding 
agent (for example, by an issuer of a note or by a buyer of a note) upon payment of taxable income which 
serves essentially as an advance with respect to tax that is to be self-assessed by the recipient of the relevant 
income (i.e. unlike the Withholding Tax, the amount so withheld does not generally represent a final tax 
liability). 
[Tax Treaty means a valid and effective tax treaty concluded between the Czech Republic and another 
country under which the Czech Tax Non-Resident is treated as a tax resident of the latter country. In the 
case of Taiwan, the Tax Treaty is Act No. 45/2020 Coll., on the Elimination of Double Taxation in 
Relation to Taiwan, as amended.] 
[Withholding Tax means a tax collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding agent 
(for example, by an issuer of a note) upon payment of taxable income. Save in certain limited 
circumstances, such tax is generally considered as final.]

--- Page 286 ---
- 286 - 
 
 
 
§ 7 
(Status)  
(1) 
Notwithstanding § 15, the Mortgage Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (hypoteční zástavní 
listy) issued in accordance with Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act. 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
issued by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same Cover Pool (the Issuer may, at its 
sole discretion, create multiple cover pools) and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been 
provided the same priority as the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, in any insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, 
a special regime applies in respect of the obligations arising from the outstanding Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are [“CRR Mortgage Covered Bonds”][“European Covered Bonds 
(Premium)”] complying with requirements of Section 28c(2) of the Czech Bonds Act and solely using 
the Issuer’s CRR Mortgage Loans in order to fulfil the requirements of Section 28a(2) of the Czech 
Bonds Act. 
(4) 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Adjusted Value means, unless required by the applicable laws otherwise, for: 
(a) 
each CRR Residential Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of such CRR Residential Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
80 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value related to such CRR Residential Mortgage 
Loan;  
(b) each CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of such CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
60 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value related to such CRR Commercial Mortgage 
Loan;  
(c) 
each Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of  such Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
the Mortgaged Property Value related to such Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan;  
(d) each PSB's Receivables and Exposures its outstanding Nominal Value; 
(e) 
the Cash, its outstanding Nominal Value; 
(f) 
each Derivative, its real value determined pursuant to the applicable law; and 
(g)  each Liquid Asset , which is: 
(i) 
referred to in Section 28aa(3)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act, its market value 
determined(and, if required, reduced) pursuant to Article 9 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 to supplement Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council with regard to 
liquidity coverage requirement for Credit Institutions; or

--- Page 287 ---
- 287 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
referred to in Section 28aa(3)(b) of the Czech Bonds Act, its outstanding Nominal 
Value. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement dated 15 December 2020, as amended 
and restated on 5 September 2024, and entered into by and between the Issuer as issuer and Deloitte 
Audit s.r.o. as asset monitor (Asset Monitor). 
Asset Monitor Calculation Date means: 
(a) 
the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(b) 
following the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date: 
(i) 
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, yearly each day of 
annual anniversary of the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, each Monthly Date 
falling at least one calendar month after the first such occurrence. 
Authorised Signatory means an officer of the Issuer or such other person appointed by the Issuer to act 
as authorised signatory and in respect of whom a certificate has been provided, signed by the Issuer 
setting out the name and signature of that person and confirming such person’s authority to sign. 
Business Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in Prague, or in relation to payments in or conversions to or 
from euros, T2 is open for business. 
Cash means receivables or other assets of the Issuer pursuant to Section 31(2)(d) of the Czech Bonds 
Act. 
CNB means the Czech National Bank. 
CNB Decree means the Decree of the CNB No. 2/2019 Coll. of 21 December 2018 (Vyhláška České 
národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018) implementing certain provisions of the Czech 
Bonds Act, as amended. 
Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance means the sum of the outstanding Adjusted 
Values of all Cover Assets. 
Cover Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register satisfying the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (if applicable for the particular Cover Asset). 
Cover Assets Register means a Cover Assets register for each Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. 
Cover Pool means a part of the assets of the Issuer, which is recorded separately and which is composed 
of assets satisfying the relevant eligibility criteria set out in these Terms and Conditions (if applicable 
for the particular Cover Asset) to cover the obligations of the Issuer arising from the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (including, among other things, their aggregate nominal value and proportionate yield). 
CRR means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 June 2013, on 
Prudential Requirements for Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as amended. 
CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan means the CRR Mortgage Loan secured by the Mortgaged Property 
that is a commercial immovable property within the meaning of the CRR. 
CRR Mortgage Loans mean the Issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Article 129(1)(d)-(f) 
of the CRR.

--- Page 288 ---
- 288 - 
 
 
 
CRR PSB’s Receivables mean exposures pursuant to Article 129(1)(a) or (b) of the CRR.  
CRR Residential Mortgage Loan means the CRR Mortgage Loan secured by the Mortgaged Property 
that is a residential property pursuant to Article 4(75) of the CRR. 
Czech Banking Act means Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll. on Banks, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act means the Czech Act No. 190/2004 Coll., on Bonds, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans mean the Issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Section 
31(2)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Bonds Act PSB’s Receivables means receivables set out in Section 31(2)(b) and (c) of the Czech 
Bonds Act that also comply with Section 31(8) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Capital Markets Act means the Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the 
Capital Market, as amended. 
Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act means the Czech Act No. 15/1998 Coll., on Supervision in 
the Capital Market Area and Amendment of Certain Other Acts, as amended. 
Czech Insolvency Act means the Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its 
Resolution (Insolvency Act), as amended. 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds means all instruments and securities issued by the Issuer as Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (hypoteční zástavní listy) pursuant to Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech 
Bonds Act, whether issued under and governed by Czech or foreign law and whether issued under the 
Programme (as the Mortgage Covered Bonds), or under a programme yet to be established by the Issuer 
or on a standalone basis, which are then outstanding. 
Czech Property Valuation Act means the Act No. 151/1997 Coll., on property valuation, as amended. 
Czech Real Estate Register means the Czech real estate register (katastr nemovitostí) kept pursuant to 
Act No. 256/2013 Coll., on the real estate register, as amended. 
Dealer means Raiffeisen Bank International, Raiffeisenbank a.s. and any other dealers appointed from 
time to time in accordance with the Dealer Agreement, which appointment may be for a specific issue 
or on an ongoing basis (together Dealers). 
Dealer Agreement means the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 5 September 2024 and 
entered into between the Issuer, Raiffeisen Bank International as arranger and dealer and Raiffeisenbank 
a.s. as dealer. 
Debts means all debts covered by the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Statutory Tests set out in 
Section 28a(1) and (2) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Default means a default in respect of the borrower under the Mortgage Loan pursuant to Article 178 of 
the CRR. 
Defaulted Loan means any Mortgage Loan in relation to which a Default occurred and is continuing. 
Derivatives mean rights arising out of a derivative in accordance with Section 2 point 5 of the 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, on OTC derivatives, 
central counterparties and trade repositories (i.e. a financial instrument as set out in points (4) to (10) of 
Section C of Annex I to MiFID II), provided that all the relevant conditions set out in Section 31 of the 
Czech Bonds Act are met. 
First Asset Monitor Calculation Date means 30 September 2024.

--- Page 289 ---
- 289 - 
 
 
 
Issue Date means a date on which the Issuer issues Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme; 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement means the amended and restated issuing and paying agency 
agreement dated 5 September 2024 between the Issuer as issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
principal paying agent. 
Liquid Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register referred to in Section 28aa(3) of 
the Czech Bonds Act. 
LTV Ratio means the percentage ratio of the amount of receivables of the Issuer from a Mortgage Loan 
divided by the Mortgaged Property Value of the relevant Mortgaged Property securing such Mortgage 
Loan. 
Monthly Date means the first day of each month (or if such day is not a Business Day, then the 
immediately following Business Day). 
Mortgage Loans mean the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans and the CRR Mortgage Loans included 
in the Cover Pool. 
Mortgaged Property means in relation to any Mortgage Loan, the real property pledged to secure such 
Mortgage Loan, in relation to which all the relevant applicable laws are fulfilled. 
Mortgaged Property Value means the total value of all the Mortgaged Property as determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable laws (including the Czech Property Valuation Act) and the Issuer’s 
internal rules for valuation of the Mortgaged Property. 
Nominal Value means the outstanding principal balance of a Czech Mortgage Covered Bond, Mortgage 
Loan or any other debt or security as the case may be or a sum thereof if the context so requires. 
Potential Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or request 
and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute 
an Event of Default. 
Programme means the €5,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Bond Programme of the Issuer. 
PSB’s Receivables and Exposures mean CRR PSB’s Receivables and Czech Bonds Act PSB’s 
Receivables. 
Rating Agency means Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. and includes any successor to its rating 
business. 
Registered Nominal Value means the part of the Nominal Value of a Mortgage Loan registered in the 
Cover Assets Register pursuant to Section 3(2)(g) of the CNB Decree for the purpose of compliance 
with Section 28a of the Czech Bonds Act; 
Relevant Exchange Rate means the equivalent in Czech Koruna determined by the Issuer (i) at the rate 
available from the Czech National Bank or any successor source for the conversion of the relevant 
currency or currencies into Czech Koruna on the Banking Day before the relevant determination or, (ii) 
if no such direct exchange rate of the relevant currency or currencies to the Czech Koruna is available, 
the Issuer will use for conversions into Czech Koruna the exchange rate of the relevant currency or 
currencies (as available from the relevant central bank) to the U.S. dollar or the EUR and subsequently 
converting such amount in U.S. dollars or EUR pursuant to the valid U.S. dollar or EUR exchange rate 
to the Czech Koruna (as available from the Czech National Bank) on the Banking Day before the 
relevant determination. 
State Subsidy means any subsidy or similar benefit within the meaning of Czech Government 
Regulation No. 249/2002 Coll., on Conditions of the Provision of Subsidies in relation to Mortgage 
Loans Provided to Persons Under 36 Years of Age, as amended, and Czech Government Regulation No.

--- Page 290 ---
- 290 - 
 
 
 
244/1995 Coll., on Conditions of the Provision of Financial Subsidies in relation to Mortgage Loans for 
Housing Development, as amended, or any subsidy or benefits having a similar nature that may be 
introduced into Czech law after the date of the Base Prospectus; for the avoidance of any doubt, the 
definition of State Subsidy shall not include any tax benefits. 
Statutory Tests means all the mandatory statutory tests required by the applicable law or regulations to 
be fulfilled by the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or the Cover Pool, in particular the 
Czech Bonds Act, including those set out in Sections 28a(1), (2) and (3) and 28aa of the Czech Bonds 
Act.  
Statutory Eligibility Criteria means the statutory eligibility criteria for Cover Assets included in the 
Cover Pool as set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree, in particular Sections 30 and 31 of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (First Person) at any particular time, any other person 
(Second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the First Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the Second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the First Person. 
Transaction Documents means:  
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
the relevant set of the Final Terms; 
(c) 
the Dealer Agreement;  
(d) 
the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement; and 
(e) 
the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
(5) 
Unless a contrary indication appears, a reference in these Terms and Conditions to: 
(a) 
any Transaction Document or any other agreement or instrument is a reference to that 
Transaction Document or other agreement or instrument as amended, novated, supplemented, 
extended or restated; and 
(b) 
a legal act or provision of law is a reference to that legal act or provision of law as amended, 
replaced or re-enacted. 
(6) 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the Issuer is authorised to establish any additional cover pools in respect 
of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds in the future. In such case, the then outstanding Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will remain covered by the Cover Pool existing on the Issue Date, as the same may be amended 
or supplemented from time to time. 
§ 8 
(Issuer Undertakings) 
(1) 
The Issuer covenants to maintain the Cover Pool in accordance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, 
the Statutory Tests and other relevant requirements set out in the applicable law or regulations, including 
the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. The Issuer covenants that it will perform such checks and 
reviews as are required on each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date to ensure that 
each Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool remains in compliance with the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). To the extent that it is not in

--- Page 291 ---
- 291 - 
 
 
 
compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria or the Contractual Eligibility Criteria it will make such 
substitutions in the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria. 
(2) 
The Issuer also covenants to ensure that the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance is an 
amount at least equal to 110 per cent. of all Debts (Contractual Asset Cover Test).In relation to the 
Contractual Asset Cover Test, unless otherwise required by the applicable law, each amount shall be 
calculated (i) if denominated in a currency other than Czech Koruna, in the Czech Koruna equivalent of 
such amount ascertained using the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts as at the relevant 
date; and (ii) if denominated in Czech Koruna, in the applicable amount in Czech Koruna. 
(3) 
The Issuer will check that it complies with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test on 
each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date and, to the extent that it is not in 
compliance, it will make such substitutions in the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance 
with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of Default. However, whilst such breach is 
continuing the Issuer shall not issue any Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, which have the benefit of the 
Issuer’s Cover Pool. 
(4) 
The Issuer covenants that it will provide from time to time to the Rating Agency (or another rating 
agency which has rated the Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the Asset Monitor information on the current 
value of the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance and will confirm compliance by the 
Issuer with the Contractual Asset Cover Test.  
(5) 
In addition to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the Issuer covenants to ensure that the Cover Pool meets 
the following contractual eligibility criteria in relation to Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool 
(collectively Contractual Eligibility Criteria): 
(a) 
the Mortgage Loans are governed by Czech law; 
(b) 
the Mortgage Loans are fully disbursed and the relevant borrower does not have a right or 
entitlement to any additional advance from the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Mortgage Loans did not provide at the time of disbursement for any State Subsidy in 
relation to principal or interest; 
(d) 
the Mortgaged Property is real property which has been fully constructed as evidenced by an 
extract from the Czech Real Estate Register; 
(e) 
the Mortgaged Property is located in the Czech Republic; 
(f) 
the Mortgage Loans are not Defaulted Loans; 
(g) 
under the Mortgage Loans, the maximum amount of secured receivables of the Issuer is at least 
equal to the Registered Nominal Value of such Mortgage Loan; 
(h) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Residential Mortgage Loan does not exceed 80% and if it exceeds 
such threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Residential Mortgage Loan 
exceeding the LTV Ratio of 80% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test; 
(i) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan does not exceed 60% and if it exceeds 
such threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan 
exceeding the LTV Ratio of 60% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test; 
(j) 
the borrower under the Mortgage Loan has made at least one instalment payment;

--- Page 292 ---
- 292 - 
 
 
 
(k) 
the Mortgage Loans are all denominated and payable by the relevant borrower in Czech Koruna 
(or other currency which may replace Czech Koruna as the official legal currency in the Czech 
Republic from the date of such replacement);  
(l) 
the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans granted to the Issuer’s employees does not exceed 5 
per cent. of the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool; and 
(m) 
the Cover Pool does not contain any asset-backed securities. 
In relation to the Contractual Eligibility Criteria, unless otherwise required by the applicable law, each 
amount shall be calculated (i) if denominated in a currency other than Czech Koruna, in the Czech 
Koruna equivalent of such amount ascertained using the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such 
amounts as at the relevant date; and (ii) if denominated in Czech Koruna, in the applicable amount in 
Czech Koruna. 
(6) 
The Issuer also covenants that, as long as any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds remains outstanding, it 
will: 
(a) 
give notice to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with § 11) and to the Principal 
Paying Agent immediately on the occurrence of any Event of Default; 
(b) 
maintain, at all times, its registered office in the Czech Republic and its authorisation under the 
Czech Banking Act to carry out its activity as a bank as well as all other authorisations and 
registrations required for the Programme under the laws and regulations of the Czech Republic 
(including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Capital 
Markets Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) and it shall furnish the CNB with 
any and all documents that may be necessary in order to maintain such authorisations or 
registrations, in particular, it shall maintain a valid approval of its covered block pursuant to 
Section 30d(3) of the Czech Bonds Act (Permission for Covered Block); 
(c) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Czech Republic (including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, 
the Czech Capital Markets Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) at such time 
and in such manner as required by such laws and regulations and, in particular, it shall comply 
in all material respects with all of its obligations under the CNB Decree and any other measure 
implementing the Czech Bonds Act in respect of Mortgage Covered Bonds, including, but not 
limited to, its obligations relating to administration of the Cover Assets Register and any other 
ongoing obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Czech Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool); 
(d) 
publish, as soon as practicable after the time of issue thereof and in any event not later than 180 
days after the last day of each financial period of the Issuer, in the English language of each 
report and audited accounts for the relevant financial year/financial period (as appropriate) 
containing a balance sheet and profit and loss account report or other notice, statement or 
circular issued to the creditors of the Issuer; 
(e) 
publish, at the time of publication of its report and accounts pursuant to paragraph (d) above, a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer certifying that, to the best of the 
knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer, (a) during the period between the date as of 
which the last certificate was given (or, in case of the first such certificate, the date hereof) and 
the date as of which such certificate is given, the Issuer has complied with its material 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents or (if such is not the case) giving details of the circumstances 
of such non-compliance and (b) without prejudice to the generality of this paragraph (e) and 
paragraph (d) above, there did not exist as at a date not more than 10 days prior to the date of 
delivery of the certificate, on the part of the Issuer, any Event of Default or Potential Event of 
Default (as applicable) or, if any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as applicable) 
exists, giving details of the same; 
(f) 
provide any Mortgage Covered Bondholder, upon its written request, with any report prepared 
by the Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement;

--- Page 293 ---
- 293 - 
 
 
 
(g) 
not amend, vary, novate, supplement or waive any term of the Asset Monitor Agreement, 
except for:  
(i) 
changes of administrative nature or corrections of manifest errors; 
(ii) 
changes necessary to reflect consequences of a change in, or a change in interpretation 
of, the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree 
and the CRR; or  
(iii) 
changes that are not materially adverse to the interests of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. 
§ 9 
(Events of Default) 
 
(1) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to declare its Mortgage Covered Bonds due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Redemption Amount, if any one or more of the following 
events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
non-payment of any payment obligations by the Issuer under or in connection with the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds which lasts for more than 10 (ten) Banking Days from the date when 
such obligations became due; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to comply with the Statutory Tests for a period longer than three months. 
The right to declare the Mortgage Covered Bonds due and payable shall terminate if the relevant Event 
of Default has been cured before the right is exercised. 
(2) 
Any notice declaring the Mortgage Covered Bonds due pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made by 
means of a notice in text form by the Mortgage Covered Bondholder to be delivered to the Principal 
Paying Agent by hand or registered mail together with sufficiently conclusive proof that such Mortgage 
Covered Bondholder at the time of such notice is a holder of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. The 
Mortgage Covered Bonds shall fall and payable due upon receipt of the notice by the Principal Paying 
Agent. The Principal Paying Agent shall promptly forward the notice to the Issuer without further 
examination. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 10 
(Additional Undertakings of the Issuer for the Benefit of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders) 
(1) 
Without prejudice to § 9,if any one or more of the following events shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to comply with, perform or observe any of its other Significant Obligations and 
(except, in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such failure continues and remains 
unremedied for the period of 45 (forty five) calendar days following the service by any 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied“; 
Significant Obligations means any material obligations of the Issuer as set out in the Terms 
and Conditions and the Asset Monitor Agreement;  
(b) 
a breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test with respect to the Cover Pool; or 
(c) 
for so long as this requirement is stipulated by applicable law, the Issuer does not have the 
Permission for Covered Block, 
and if there are any Mortgage Covered Bonds then outstanding, the Issuer must not issue any Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds which have the benefit of the Cover Pool.

--- Page 294 ---
- 294 - 
 
 
 
§ 11 
(Notices) 
(5) 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert) Publication.  
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange, 
insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) [and]  
[If the publication is legally required to be made additionally in a newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany, insert:, to the extent legally required in one newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt). This newspaper is expected to be [insert newspaper 
authorised by the Stock Exchange].] [If publication in this newspaper is no longer possible, the notices 
shall be published in another newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany 
(Börsenpflichtblatt).] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of such 
publications).] 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock Exchange, 
insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made [additionally] by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] [Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
(www.[insert internet address]] [luxse.com]). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first of such publications).]] 
[(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unlisted, insert: 
 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET] [London] 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a stock exchange, insert: 
 
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in subparagraph (1) above, deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.]

--- Page 295 ---
- 295 - 
 
 
 
[In the case of a TARGET Banking Day, insert: TARGET Banking Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which T2 is open for settlements in euro.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET Banking Day, insert: [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] [insert other financial 
centre]].] 
§ 12 
(Repurchase) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds in the market or otherwise and at 
any price. Mortgage Covered Bonds repurchased by the Issuer may, at the Issuer's discretion, be held, resold or 
forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation. 
§ 13 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph (1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is reduced 
to ten years for the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
§ 14 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds be or become invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap arising as a result 
of invalidity or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is to be filled 
with a provision that corresponds to the meaning and intent of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and is in the interest of the parties. 
§ 15 
(Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction[, Language]) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and the 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
(2)  
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, although otherwise governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, will be subject to and will benefit from those provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree, the Czech Insolvency Act and any other provisions of Czech law 
applicable to or relevant for the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Therefore, the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
will need to satisfy requirements of Sections 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the 
Cover Pool and its maintenance will be governed by Czech law. Also, Section 375 of the Czech Insolvency 
Act and other relevant provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act will apply to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
and the Cover Pool in the case of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. 
(4) 
To the extent permitted by law, all legal disputes arising from or in connection with the matters governed 
by the terms and conditions of these Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be brought before the court in 
Frankfurt am Main. 
[Insert only, if Terms and Conditions are not exclusively written in the English language: 
(6) 
(5) 
[If a non-binding English language translation will be provided, insert: These Terms and 
Conditions are written in the German language. An English language translation is attached. The 
German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation is provided for 
convenience only.]] 
[If a non-binding German language translation will be provided, insert: These Terms and Conditions are 
written in the English language. A German language translation is attached. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language translation is provided for convenience only.]]

--- Page 296 ---
- 296 - 
 
 
 
§ 16 
(Amendments to the Terms and Conditions) 
(1) 
§§ 5 et seq. of the German Bond Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (the 
SchVG)), shall be applicable in relation to the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Thus, the Issuer may amend 
these Terms and Conditions with consent by majority resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may in particular agree by majority resolution to the following: 
(a) 
a change of the due date for payment of interest, the reduction or the cancellation of interest; 
(b) 
a change of the due date for payment of principal; 
(c) 
a reduction of principal; 
(d) 
a subordination of claims arising from the Mortgage Covered Bonds in insolvency proceedings 
of the Issuer;  
(e) 
a conversion of the Mortgage Covered Bonds into, or the exchange of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds for, shares, other securities or obligations; 
(f) 
an exchange or release of security; 
(g) 
a change of the currency of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(h) 
a waiver or restriction of Mortgage Covered Bondholders' termination rights under the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds; 
(i) 
an amendment or a rescission of ancillary provisions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(j) 
an appointment or a removal of a common representative for the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
No obligation to make any payment or to render any other performance shall be imposed on any Mortgage 
Covered Bondholder by majority resolution. 
(3) 
Pursuant to § 18 SchVG, Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall pass resolutions by vote taken [without a 
physical meeting][in a physical meeting]. 
A meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be called for by the Issuer or the Common 
Representative (as defined in paragraph (8) below). Pursuant to § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG in connection with 
§ 18 SchVG, a meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders must be called if Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders holding Mortgage Covered Bonds amounting to 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds request so, in writing, with reference to one of the reasons set out 
in § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG. 
(4) 
Except as provided in the following sentence and provided that the requisite quorum is present, a resolution 
of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be passed by simple majority of the rights to vote participating 
in the vote. 
In the cases of this § 16 (2) items (a) through (i), in order to be passed, resolutions require a majority of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the rights to vote participating in the vote. 
(5) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional fraction of its entitlement to the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
As long as the entitlement to the Mortgage Covered Bonds lies with, or the Mortgage Covered Bonds are 
held for the account of, the Issuer or any of its affiliates (§ 271 (2) of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch)), the right to vote in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be suspended. 
The Issuer may not transfer Mortgage Covered Bonds, of which the voting rights are so suspended, to 
another person for the purpose of exercising such voting rights in the place of the Issuer; this shall also

--- Page 297 ---
- 297 - 
 
 
 
apply to any affiliate of the Issuer. No person shall be permitted to exercise such voting right for the 
purpose stipulated in sent. (3), first half sentence, herein above. 
(6) 
Binding Effect: Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Mortgage Covered Bondholders are void, unless 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
(7) 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of 
voting by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian (as defined below) and by submission of a 
blocking instruction by the Custodian for the benefit of the Principal Paying Agent for the voting period. 
The statement issued by the Custodian must 
(a) 
indicate the full name and address of the Mortgage Covered Bondholder; 
(b) 
specify the aggregate principal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement; and 
(c) 
confirm that the Custodian has given a written notice to the Clearing System and the Principal 
Paying Agent containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) as well as confirmations by the 
Clearing System. 
Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Mortgage Covered Bondholder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds including the Clearing System. 
(8) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
Common Representative) to exercise the Mortgage Covered Bondholders' rights on behalf of each 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder. Any natural person having legal capacity or any qualified legal person 
may act as Common Representative. Any person who: 
(a) 
is a member of the management board, the supervisory board, the board of directors or any similar 
body, or an officer or employee, of the Issuer or any of its affiliates; 
(b) 
holds an interest of at least 20 per cent. in the share capital of the Issuer or of any of its affiliates; 
(c) 
is a financial creditor of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, holding a claim in the amount of at least 
20 per cent. of the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds, or is a member of a corporate body, an 
officer or other employee of such financial creditor; or 
(d) 
is subject to the control of any of the persons set forth in numbers (i) to (iii) above by reason of a 
special personal relationship with such person 
must disclose the relevant circumstances to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders prior to being appointed 
as a Common Representative. If any such circumstances arise after the appointment of a Common 
Representative, the Common Representative shall inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders promptly 
in appropriate form and manner. 
(9) 
The Common Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Common Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. To the extent that the Common Representative has 
been authorised to assert certain rights of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Common Representative shall provide reports to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders on its activities. 
(10) 
The Common Representative shall be liable for the performance of its duties towards the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders who shall be joint and several creditors (Gesamtgläubiger); in the performance of

--- Page 298 ---
- 298 - 
 
 
 
its duties it shall act with the diligence and care of a prudent business manager. [If the liability of the 
Common Representative may be limited by resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders, insert: The 
liability of the Common Representative may be limited by a resolution passed by the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders.][If the liability of the Common Representative may be limited to a fixed amount, insert: The 
liability of the Common Representative may be limited to [[insert amount] times its annual remuneration] 
[insert amount].] The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall decide upon the assertion of claims for 
compensation of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders against the Common Representative. 
(11) 
The Common Representative may be removed from office at any time by the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders without specifying any reasons. The Common Representative may request all information 
required for the performance of the duties entrusted to it from the Issuer. The Issuer shall bear the costs 
and expenses arising from the appointment of a Common Representative, including reasonable 
remuneration of the Common Representative.

--- Page 299 ---
- 299 - 
 
 
 
Option III: Terms and Conditions of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds 
§ 1 
(Series, Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds, Issuance of Additional Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (Series) of Mortgage Covered Bonds (hypoteční zástavní listy) (Mortgage 
Covered Bonds) of Raiffeisenbank a.s. (Issuer) is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (Issue Date) in 
bearer form pursuant to these terms and conditions (Terms and Conditions ) in [insert Specified 
Currency] (Specified Currency) in the aggregate principal amount of [insert Aggregate Principal 
Amount] (Aggregate Principal Amount) in the denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] 
(Specified Denomination). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, which is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are initially represented by a temporary global note (Temporary Global 
Note) without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for a permanent global 
note in bearer form (Permanent Global Note, and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the Global 
Notes and each a Global Note) on or after the 40th day after the Issue Date (Exchange Date) only upon 
delivery of certifications, to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person or are not U.S. persons (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds through such financial 
institutions) (Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates). [If Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
are specified as Clearing System, the following applies: The details of such exchange shall be entered into 
the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] 
The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (Mortgage Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to receive 
definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in the Global 
Notes may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The right to receive 
payments is represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
U.S. persons means such persons as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933 
and particularly includes residents of the United States as well as American stock corporations and private 
companies.  
The Global Notes bear the manual or facsimile signatures of two authorised representatives of the Issuer 
as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 below).] 
[In the case of a Permanent Global Note from the Issue Date, insert: 
 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are represented by a Permanent Global Note (Permanent Global Note or 
Global Note) without interest coupons, which bears the manual or facsimile signatures of two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent 
(as defined in § 5 below). The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders) are not entitled to receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered 
Bonds as co-ownership interests in the Global Note may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations 
of the Clearing System. The right to receive payments is represented by the Global Note.] 
(3) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. Clearing System means 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear)] [(Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear are individually referred to as an ICSD 
(International Central Securities Depositary) and, collectively, the ICSDs)]. 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent 
Global Note is not a New Global Note, insert:

--- Page 300 ---
- 300 - 
 
 
 
 
(4) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent 
Global Note is a New Global Note, insert: 
 
(4) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in new global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper (Common Safekeeper) on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal amount of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the records of 
both ICSDs from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds for its customers 
reflecting the amount of such customer's interest in the Mortgage Covered Bonds) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
  
On any redemption or purchase and cancellation of any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by 
the Global Note details of such redemption, or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect 
of the Global Note, shall be entered pro rata into the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds reflected in the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. [If the Mortgage Covered Bonds may be partially 
redeemed on the basis of an optional redemption right, insert: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in 
the case of the exercise of an optional redemption (as defined in § 3) relating to a partial redemption, the 
outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined below) will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either 
a nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the reasonable discretion of the ICSDs pursuant to § 317 BGB.] 
[(4)][(5)] The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders to issue additional Mortgage Covered Bonds with identical terms, so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Series comprising the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The term 
"Mortgage Covered Bonds" shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally issued 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
§ 2 
(Interest) 
(1) 
During their lifetime, there will be no periodic interest payment on the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
[If the default interest on the Redemption Amount [and the Optional Redemption Amount] [and the Early 
Redemption Amount] accrues in accordance with the Amortisation Yield, insert: 
(2) 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage 
Covered Bond for any period of time (Calculation Period): 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period (from, and including, the first day of such 
period to, but excluding, the last) divided by the actual number of days in the relevant calendar 
year.]

--- Page 301 ---
- 301 - 
 
 
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365).] 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[In the case of 30 / 360, insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months.]] 
§ 3 
(Maturity, Redemption Amount 
[, Redemption for tax reasons, Redemption due to illegality or invalidity, Optional Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option)]) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be redeemed on [insert Maturity Date] (Maturity Date) at [If the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed at their Specified Denomination, insert: their Specified 
Denomination] [If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed at an amount other than their Specified 
Denomination, insert: [insert amount] per Specified Denomination] (Redemption Amount). For the 
purpose of § 3(2), § 3(3) and § 9, each Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed at its early redemption 
amount (Early Redemption Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP  (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP means [insert Reference Price]; 
AY means [insert Amortisation Yield expressed as a decimal]; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction (as defined under § 2). 
[In the case of redemption for tax reasons, insert: 
 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not more than [insert maximum 
numbers of days] days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 11, the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 302 ---
- 302 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in § 6 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in § 6) or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3(2), the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (i) 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring 
or ascertaining as to whether any certifications and/or opinions required by this §3(2) are provided, nor 
shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications and/or opinions produced nor shall it be 
responsible for contents of any such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event the 
content of such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event the content of such 
certification and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect. The Mortgage Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant 
to this § 3(2) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.] 
[(2)][(3)] 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days]and not more than [insert 
maximum numbers of days] days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 11, all 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if it has, or will, before the next 
Interest Payment Date of any Mortgage Covered Bond, become unlawful for the Issuer to allow to remain 
outstanding any Mortgage Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable 
laws or regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment has become or will become effective before the next such Interest Payment 
Date.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3([2][3]), the Issuer delivers to the 
Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur 
any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this §3([2][3]) are 
provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be 
responsible for contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such 
certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this § 3([2][3]) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
 
[In the case of optional redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call-Option), insert: 
[(3)][(4)] 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] ([the][each 
such date a] Call Date) redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Issuer will give 
notice of such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking Days (as defined in 
§ 4 ([2][3]) below)][months] prior to the [relevant] Call Date pursuant to § 11. Such notice shall be

--- Page 303 ---
- 303 - 
 
 
 
irrevocable and shall specify the [relevant] Call Date. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed at 
the [relevant] Call Date at the Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to the provisions in § 4. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (Optional Redemption Amount ) [per Mortgage Covered Bond] [of 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [their Aggregate Principal Amount] 
[as follows: 
[Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which 
may not be lower than the principal amount/issue 
price]]] 
([4][5]) If the Issuer fails to pay the Redemption Amount [and the Optional Redemption Amount] [and the Early 
Redemption Amount] when due, such amount shall bear interest from the due date for redemption or the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds, respectively, until the expiry of the day preceding 
the day of the actual redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bonds [in the amount of the default rate of 
interest established by law21] [in an amount equal to the sum of  
(a) 
[insert Reference Price] (Reference Price), and 
(b) 
the product of [insert Amortisation Yield in per cent.] (Amortisation Yield) and the Reference 
Price from (and including) [insert Issue Date] to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which the Mortgage Covered Bonds become due and payable, 
whereby the Amortisation Yield shall be compounded annually. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined under § 2).] 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes  
(a) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date[or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
(b) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date.] 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to §3(2)), insert: 
(c) 
to pay the Early Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to §3(2) [If 
accrued interest will be paid separately, insert: including any interest accrued until such date of 
redemption] [.] [or]] 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to §3([2][3]), insert: 
(d) 
to pay the Early Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to §3[(2)][(3)] 
[If accrued interest will be paid separately, insert: including any interest accrued until such date of 
redemption][.]] 
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under these Terms and 
Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: up or down to the nearest 0.01 
Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always downwards]] [If the Specified Currency is not 
 
21 
The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 para 1, 247 para 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if at least 
one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the German 
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 304 ---
- 304 - 
 
 
 
Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded 
[upwards][always downwards].  
[In the case of dual currency Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert:  
(2) 
The payment of the Redemption Amount[,][and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the Early 
Redemption Amount] will be settled in [insert currency].  
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [insert currency] is effected by using the Settlement Rate on 
the Rate Calculation Date applicable to the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the 
Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the Early Redemption Amount], respectively. 
Settlement Rate means [the "[insert first exchange rate]" multiplied by the "[insert second exchange 
rate]"] [insert conversion rate] on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
"[insert first exchange rate]" means the [insert sponsor]'s (Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page "[insert page]" at approximately [insert time] [insert other time 
zone] ) on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
"[insert second exchange rate]" means [insert sponsor]'s (Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant rate] 
spot rate (Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) which 
appears on Reuters Screen page "[insert page]" at approximately [insert time] [insert time zone] ) on the 
applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
Rate Calculation Date means the [second] [insert day] Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the 
Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the 
Early Redemption Amount], respectively, in accordance with the Business Day Convention. 
[Bank Working Day means [TARGET][, [insert financial centre] [and [insert financial centre]].] 
Market Disruption means: 
(a) 
the failure to publish any of the Spot Rates by the relevant Fixing Sponsor, 
(b) 
the suspension or restriction in foreign exchange trading for at least one of the relevant currencies 
quoted as a part of the Settlement Rate (including options or futures contracts) or the restriction of 
the convertibility of the currencies quoted in such exchange rate or the effective impossibility of 
obtaining a quotation of such exchange rate, or 
(c) 
any other events the commercial effects of which are similar to the events listed above 
to the extent that the above-mentioned events in the opinion of the Issuer are material. 
If a Market Disruption occurs on any Rate Calculation Date as specified above, such Rate Calculation 
Date shall be postponed to the next following Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the Redemption 
Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the Early 
Redemption Amount], respectively. 
If the Market Disruption continues after such day the last available Settlement Rate before the occurrence 
of the Market Disruption shall be taken for calculation of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest 
Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the Early Redemption Amount], respectively. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published by a Fixing Sponsor but by 
another person, company or institution (Replacement Fixing Sponsor), the Issuer may determine the 
Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the 
Early Redemption Amount], respectively, on the basis of the Settlement Rate as calculated and published 
by the Replacement Fixing Sponsor. In case of election of a Replacement Fixing Sponsor, each and every

--- Page 305 ---
- 305 - 
 
 
 
reference to the Fixing Sponsor, depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement 
Fixing Sponsor. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published, the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] 
[the Early Redemption Amount], respectively, on the basis of another Settlement Rate (Replacement 
Exchange Rate) as calculated and published by the relevant Fixing Sponsor or Replacement Fixing 
Sponsor, as the case may be. In case of election of a Replacement Exchange Rate, each and every reference 
to the Settlement Rate, depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Exchange 
Rate. 
Should the Issuer come to the conclusion that 
(a)  
a replacement of any Fixing Sponsor is not available; 
(b)  
a replacement of the Settlement Rate is not available; or 
(c)  
due to the occurrence of special circumstances or force majeur such as catastrophes, war, terror, 
insurgency, restrictions on payment transactions, entering of the currency used for the calculation 
of the relevant Spot Rate into the European Monetary Union and other circumstances having a 
comparable impact on the Settlement Rate the reliable determination of the Settlement Rate is 
impossible or impracticable,  
the Issuer will determine the Settlement Rate in its own reasonable discretion pursuant to the German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch "BGB").] 
 
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [Euro] [•] is effected in.] [At least [EUR] [•] [0.001] [•] [per 
Specified Denomination] [for the Aggregate Principal Amount] will be paid.]] 
([2][3]) If the due date for any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds (Payment Date) is not a Banking 
Day then  
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to any payment until the next following 
Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event the payment 
shall be made on the immediately preceding Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding 
Banking Day.]

--- Page 306 ---
- 306 - 
 
 
 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to interest or other payments in respect of 
such delay.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as described above, 
such Payment Date and the respective payment will be adjusted accordingly.] 
Banking Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if T2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and T2] [is] [are] open for business 
[If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, insert: and commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[If T2 applies, insert: T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any 
successor system thereto.] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5). The Principal Paying Agent 
shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective accounts of the depository 
banks for transfer to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The payment to the Clearing System shall 
discharge the Issuer from its obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the amount of such 
payment. Payment of interest and principal in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be made to 
each Mortgage Covered Bondholder that was a Mortgage Covered Bondholder at the close of business on 
the date being 15 Banking Days prior to the relevant payment date (Entitlement Date). 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds when due, accrual of interest 
on due amounts continues on the basis of the default interest rate established by law22 [(unless, the relevant 
amount payable is subject to the accrual of interest on the basis of the default rate established by law as 
set out in § 4 [(2)][(3)] above)]. Such accrual of interest starts on the due date of that payment (including) 
and ends at the end of the day preceding the effective date of payment (excluding). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, insert:  
(5) 
Payments on the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be made only 
upon delivery of the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates (as described in § 1) by the relevant 
participants to the Clearing System.] 
§ 5 
(Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent[, Calculation Agent]) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying Agent] 
(Principal Paying Agent). The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (Paying Agents) and revoke 
such appointment. The appointment and revocation shall be published pursuant to § 11. 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying agent].] 
[(2) 
The Calculation Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Calculation Agent] 
(Calculation Agent).] 
 
22 
The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 para 1, 247 para 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if at least 
one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the German 
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 307 ---
- 307 - 
 
 
 
([2][3]) Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or any 
additional Paying Agent] being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation 
Agent] [or any additional Paying Agent], the Issuer is obliged to appoint another bank of international 
standing as Principal Paying Agent [or as additional Paying Agent] [or another person or institution with 
the relevant expertise as Calculation Agent]. Any such transfer of the functions of the Principal Paying 
Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or any additional Paying Agent] shall be notified promptly by the Issuer 
pursuant to § 11. 
([3][4]) In connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Principal Paying Agent[and the Paying Agent[s]] 
[and the Calculation Agent] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do[es] not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The 
Principal Paying Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] [and the Calculation Agent] shall be exempt from the 
restrictions of §181 German Civil Code. 
([4][5]) Determinations made by the Calculation Agent, will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
§ 6 
(Taxes) 
(1) 
As a withholding agent, the Issuer is liable for and bears a burden of proof vis-à-vis the tax authorities 
with respect to (i) a proper withholding of any Withholding Tax and Tax Security (as the case may be) 
which are required to be withheld or deducted at source under any Tax Jurisdiction’s law from any 
payment of principal, interest or any other amounts payable in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
as well as (ii) the granting of any Tax Relief. Accordingly, before any Tax Relief can be granted, the 
Issuer will require – unless waived by the Issuer in accordance with this § 6 – for the Beneficial 
Ownership Information to be duly collected and delivered to the Issuer in accordance with the 
Certification Procedures. 
 
[If a tax gross-up obligation does not apply, insert:  
 
(2) 
All payments in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer will only be made 
after deduction or withholding of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction (Taxes), to the extent that such deduction or withholding 
is required by law. No additional amounts will be paid to cover the amounts so deducted or withheld. 
The Issuer shall account for the deducted or withheld Taxes with the competent government authorities.] 
[If a tax gross-up obligation applies, insert:  
 
(2) 
All payments of principal and interest or any other amounts payable by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Tax 
Jurisdiction (the Taxes) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will, in respect of payments of interest (if any) only, pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Holders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Czech Republic; or

--- Page 308 ---
- 308 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is liable for Taxes in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bond 
by reason of having some connection with the Tax Jurisdiction [other than that under point (g) 
below]; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in § 4([2][3])). 
(d) 
where any such withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes in respect of such 
Mortgage Covered Bond is required by reason of the Issuer or any person on behalf of the 
Issuer not having duly received a true, accurate and complete Beneficial Ownership 
Information or any other similar claim for exemption, where such Beneficial Ownership 
Information or other claim for exemption is required or imposed under the Certification 
Procedures, except where this is caused by actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
(e) 
where any such withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes in respect of such 
Mortgage Covered Bond, based on the Beneficial Ownership Information received by the 
Issuer under the Certification Procedures, is for or on account of the Tax Security; 
(f) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is a Czech Tax Resident individual[; or 
(g) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is a Person Related Through Capital with the Issuer].  
In the event that the Beneficial Ownership Information or other similar claim for exemption is not being 
delivered to the Issuer on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in paragraph (d) above, the Issuer 
shall withhold (i) 35 per cent. Withholding Tax from any payment of interest on such Mortgage Covered 
Bond [and (ii) as the Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued at a price lower than its principal amount (i.e. 
below par), 1 per cent. Tax Security from any payment of principal on such Mortgage Covered Bond] 
unless the Issuer is satisfied, in its absolute discretion, that it has in its possession all the necessary 
information enabling it to either not apply the Withholding Tax or to apply it at a reduced rate [or not to 
apply the Tax Security]. Furthermore, the Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, and provided that it has 
obtained all necessary information substantiating such action, opt to reimburse the relevant Holders, either 
partially or in full, for such Withholding tax [or Tax Security] applied in accordance with the preceding 
sentence. For the avoidance of doubt, should the Issuer opt to provide such reimbursement, the relevant 
Holder shall be entitled to claim refund under the Quick Refund Procedure or Standard Refund Procedure 
(as defined in the Certification Procedures) only for any amount exceeding the amount of reimbursement. 
The Issuer may, at any time, waive any condition set out in this § 6 (2) to the benefit of the Beneficial 
Owners by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with § 11. 
In connection with any refund provided as part of the Standard Refund Procedure (as defined in the 
Certification Procedures), the Issuer shall be entitled to deduct from the relevant payment a fee calculated 
as the sum of (a) a fixed amount of EUR [●] and (b) any administrative fees, penalties, interest or similar 
costs such Issuer may incur in connection with the refund (in each case, plus any applicable value added 
tax).] 
(3) 
Subject to the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner pursuant to § 315 of 
the German Civil Code (BGB) and with not less than 30 days’ notice being given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 11 of any such determination or specification, the Issuer is entitled to make any 
determination or specification (each a Determination), without the consent of the Holders, to any 
provision of this § 6 to reflect: 
(a) 
a change in applicable Czech law or regulation (including any published practice) in respect 
of the Certification Procedures, or any ruling or official interpretation thereof; 
(b) 
a requirement imposed by the Czech tax authorities or another competent authority in respect 
of the Certification Procedures;

--- Page 309 ---
- 309 - 
 
 
 
(c) 
a change in the standard market approach in respect of the Certification Procedures; or 
(d) 
a change in any applicable rules or procedures of any party to the implementation of the 
Certification Procedures. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Determination is not to be considered as amending, modifying or 
supplementing any of the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
(4) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this § 6, no additional amounts will be paid where such 
withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto or an agreement between the United States of America and the 
Czech Republic to implement FATCA or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order 
to conform to, such agreement. 
(5) 
As used herein: 
Beneficial Owner means a holder of a Mortgage Covered Bond if such holder is also a beneficial owner 
(within the OECD Model Tax Convention on Income and on Capital meaning of this term) in respect of 
income paid on such Mortgage Covered Bond or a recipient of such income who qualifies as a beneficial 
owner within the above meaning. 
Beneficial Ownership Information means certain information and documentation as set forth under the 
Certification Procedures concerning, in particular, the identity and country of tax residence of a recipient 
of a payment of interest or principal in respect of a Mortgage Covered Bond (together with relevant 
evidence thereof) which enable the Issuer to reliably establish that such recipient is a Beneficial Owner 
with respect to any such payment and that all conditions for the granting of a Tax Relief, if any, are met. 
Certification Procedures mean the tax relief at source and refund procedures for the Czech Republic 
implemented by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to facilitate collection of the Beneficial 
Ownership Information which are available at the website of the International Capital Market Services 
Association at www.icmsa.org, as amended or replaced from time to time, or as modified or updated by 
the respective ICSD as part of implementing or operating such procedures. 
[Czech Tax Non-Resident means a taxpayer who is not a tax resident of the Czech Republic, either under 
the Income Taxes Act or under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Czech Tax Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic under the Czech 
Income Taxes Act as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Income Taxes Act means the Czech Act No. 586/1992 Coll., on Income Taxes, as amended.] 
[Legal Entity means a taxpayer other than an individual (i.e. a taxpayer which is subject to corporate 
income tax but who may not necessarily have a legal personality).] 
[OECD means Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.] 
[Person Related Through Capital means every person (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) in a 
situation where (i) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, another 
person, or (ii) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, several 
persons and, in each case, such participation (whether direct or indirect) constitutes at least 25% of the 
registered capital of, or 25% of the voting rights in, such other person/persons.] 
[Relevant Date means whichever is the later of (1) the date on which the payment in question first 
becomes due and (2) if the full amount payable has not been received in a city in which banks have access 
to the TARGET System by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders.]

--- Page 310 ---
- 310 - 
 
 
 
Tax Jurisdiction means (i) the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or (ii) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest on 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds become generally subject. 
Tax Relief means a relief from the Withholding Tax or the Tax Security (as the case may be), whether in 
the form of an exemption or application of a reduced rate. 
Tax Security means a special amount collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding 
agent (for example, by an issuer of a note or by a buyer of a note) upon payment of taxable income which 
serves essentially as an advance with respect to tax that is to be self-assessed by the recipient of the relevant 
income (i.e. unlike the Withholding Tax, the amount so withheld does not generally represent a final tax 
liability). 
[Tax Treaty means a valid and effective tax treaty concluded between the Czech Republic and another 
country under which the Czech Tax Non-Resident is treated as a tax resident of the latter country. In the 
case of Taiwan, the Tax Treaty is Act No. 45/2020 Coll., on the Elimination of Double Taxation in 
Relation to Taiwan, as amended.] 
[Withholding Tax means a tax collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding agent 
(for example, by an issuer of a note) upon payment of taxable income. Save in certain limited 
circumstances, such tax is generally considered as final.] 
§ 7 
(Status)  
(1) 
Notwithstanding § 15, the Mortgage Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (hypoteční zástavní 
listy) issued in accordance with Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act. 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
issued by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same Cover Pool (the Issuer may, at its 
sole discretion, create multiple cover pools) and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been 
provided the same priority as the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, in any insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, 
a special regime applies in respect of the obligations arising from the outstanding Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are [“CRR Mortgage Covered Bonds”][“European Covered Bonds 
(Premium)”] complying with requirements of Section 28c(2) of the Czech Bonds Act and solely using 
the Issuer’s CRR Mortgage Loans in order to fulfil the requirements of Section 28a(2) of the Czech 
Bonds Act. 
(4) 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Adjusted Value means, unless required by the applicable laws otherwise, for: 
(a) 
each CRR Residential Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of such CRR Residential Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 80 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value related to such CRR Residential Mortgage 
Loan; 
(b) each CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of such CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan; and

--- Page 311 ---
- 311 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 60 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value related to such CRR Commercial Mortgage 
Loan;  
(c) 
each Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of such Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) the Mortgaged Property Value related to such Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan; 
(d) each PSB's Receivables and Exposures its outstanding Nominal Value; 
(e) 
the Cash, its outstanding Nominal Value;  
(f) 
each Derivative, its real value determined pursuant to the applicable law; and 
(g) each Liquid Asset , which is: 
(i) 
referred to in Section 28aa(3)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act, its market value 
determined(and, if required, reduced) pursuant to Article 9 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 to supplement Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council with regard to 
liquidity coverage requirement for Credit Institutions; or 
(ii) 
referred to in Section 28aa(3)(b) of the Czech Bonds Act, its outstanding Nominal 
Value. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement dated 15 December 2020 as amended 
and restated on 5 September 2024 and entered into by and between the Issuer as issuer and Deloitte 
Audit s.r.o. as asset monitor (Asset Monitor). 
Asset Monitor Calculation Date means: 
(a) 
the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(b) following the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date: 
(i) 
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, yearly each day of annual 
anniversary of the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(ii) following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, each Monthly Date 
falling at least one calendar month after the first such occurrence. 
Authorised Signatory means an officer of the Issuer or such other person appointed by the Issuer to act 
as authorised signatory and in respect of whom a certificate has been provided, signed by the Issuer 
setting out the name and signature of that person and confirming such person’s authority to sign. 
Business Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in Prague, or in relation to payments in or conversions to or 
from euros, T2 is open for business. 
Cash means receivables or other assets of the Issuer pursuant to Section 31(2)(d) of the Czech Bonds 
Act. 
CNB means the Czech National Bank. 
CNB Decree means the Decree of the CNB No. 2/2019 Coll. of 21 December 2018 (Vyhláška České 
národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018) implementing certain provisions of the Czech 
Bonds Act, as amended.

--- Page 312 ---
- 312 - 
 
 
 
Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance means the sum of the outstanding Adjusted 
Values of all Cover Assets. 
Cover Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register satisfying the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (if applicable for the particular Cover Asset). 
Cover Assets Register means a Cover Assets register for each Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. 
Cover Pool means a part of the assets of the Issuer, which is recorded separately and which is composed 
of assets satisfying the relevant eligibility criteria set out in these Terms and Conditions (if applicable 
for the particular Cover Asset) to cover the obligations of the Issuer arising from the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (including, among other things, their aggregate nominal value and proportionate yield). 
CRR means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 June 2013, on 
Prudential Requirements for Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as amended. 
CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan means the CRR Mortgage Loan secured by the Mortgaged Property 
that is a commercial immovable property within the meaning of the CRR. 
CRR Mortgage Loans mean the Issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Article 129(1)(d)-(f) 
of the CRR. 
CRR PSB’s Receivables mean exposures pursuant to Article 129(1)(a) or (b) of the CRR.  
CRR Residential Mortgage Loan means the CRR Mortgage Loan secured by the Mortgaged Property 
that is a residential property pursuant to Article 4(75) of the CRR. 
Czech Banking Act means Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll. on Banks, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act means the Czech Act No. 190/2004 Coll., on Bonds, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans mean the Issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Section 
31(2)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Bonds Act PSB’s Receivables means receivables set out in Section 31(2)(b) and (c) of the Czech 
Bonds Act that also comply with Section 31(8) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Capital Markets Act means the Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the 
Capital Market, as amended. 
Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act means the Czech Act No. 15/1998 Coll., on Supervision in 
the Capital Market Area and Amendment of Certain Other Acts, as amended. 
Czech Insolvency Act means the Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its 
Resolution (Insolvency Act), as amended. 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds means all instruments and securities issued by the Issuer as Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (hypoteční zástavní listy) pursuant to Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech 
Bonds Act, whether issued under and governed by Czech or foreign law and whether issued under the 
Programme (as the Mortgage Covered Bonds), or under a programme yet to be established by the Issuer 
or on a standalone basis, which are then outstanding. 
Czech Property Valuation Act means the Act No. 151/1997 Coll., on property valuation, as amended. 
Czech Real Estate Register means the Czech real estate register (katastr nemovitostí) kept pursuant to 
Act No. 256/2013 Coll., on the real estate register, as amended.

--- Page 313 ---
- 313 - 
 
 
 
Dealer means Raiffeisen Bank International, Raiffeisenbank a.s. and any other dealers appointed from 
time to time in accordance with the Dealer Agreement, which appointment may be for a specific issue 
or on an ongoing basis (together the Dealers). 
Dealer Agreement means the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 5 September 2024 and 
entered into between the Issuer, Raiffeisen Bank International as arranger and dealer and Raiffeisenbank 
a.s. as dealer. 
Debts means all debts covered by the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Statutory Tests set out in 
Section 28a(1) and (2) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Default means a default in respect of the borrower under the Mortgage Loan pursuant to Article 178 of 
the CRR. 
Defaulted Loan means any Mortgage Loan in relation to which a Default occurred and is continuing. 
Derivatives mean rights arising out of a derivative in accordance with Section 2 point 5 of the 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, on OTC derivatives, 
central counterparties and trade repositories (i.e. a financial instrument as set out in points (4) to (10) of 
Section C of Annex I to MiFID II), provided that all the relevant conditions set out in Section 31 of the 
Czech Bonds Act are met. 
First Asset Monitor Calculation Date means 30 September 2024. 
Issue Date means a date on which the Issuer issues Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme; 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement means the amended and restated issuing and paying agency 
agreement dated 5 September 2024 between the Issuer as issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
principal paying agent. 
Liquid Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register referred to in Section 28aa(3) of 
the Czech Bonds Act. 
LTV Ratio means the percentage ratio of the amount of receivables of the Issuer from a Mortgage Loan 
divided by the Mortgaged Property Value of the relevant Mortgaged Property securing such Mortgage 
Loan. 
Monthly Date means the first day of each month (or if such day is not a Business Day, then the 
immediately following Business Day). 
Mortgage Loans mean the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans and the CRR Mortgage Loans included 
in the Cover Pool. 
Mortgaged Property means in relation to any Mortgage Loan, the real property pledged to secure such 
Mortgage Loan, in relation to which all the relevant applicable laws are fulfilled.  
Mortgaged Property Value means the total value of all the Mortgaged Property as determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable laws (including the Czech Property Valuation Act) and the Issuer’s 
internal rules for valuation of the Mortgaged Property. 
Nominal Value means the outstanding principal balance of a Czech Mortgage Covered Bond, Mortgage 
Loan or any other debt or security as the case may be or a sum thereof if the context so requires. 
Potential Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or request 
and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute 
an Event of Default. 
Programme means the €5,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Bond Programme of the Issuer.

--- Page 314 ---
- 314 - 
 
 
 
PSB's Receivables and Exposures mean CRR PSB’s Receivables and Czech Bonds Act PSB’s 
Receivables. 
Rating Agency means Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. and includes any successor to its rating 
business. 
Registered Nominal Value means the part of the Nominal Value of a Mortgage Loan registered in the 
Cover Assets Register pursuant to Section 3(2)(g) of the CNB Decree for the purpose of compliance 
with Section 28a of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Relevant Exchange Rate means the equivalent in Czech Koruna determined by the Issuer (i) at the rate 
available from the Czech National Bank or any successor source for the conversion of the relevant 
currency or currencies into Czech Koruna on the Banking Day before the relevant determination or, (ii) 
if no such direct exchange rate of the relevant currency or currencies to the Czech Koruna is available, 
the Issuer will use for conversions into Czech Koruna the exchange rate of the relevant currency or 
currencies (as available from the relevant central bank) to the U.S. dollar or the EUR and subsequently 
converting such amount in U.S. dollars or EUR pursuant to the valid U.S. dollar or EUR exchange rate 
to the Czech Koruna (as available from the Czech National Bank) on the Banking Day before the 
relevant determination. 
State Subsidy means any subsidy or similar benefit within the meaning of Czech Government 
Regulation No. 249/2002 Coll., on Conditions of the Provision of Subsidies in relation to Mortgage 
Loans Provided to Persons Under 36 Years of Age, as amended, and Czech Government Regulation No. 
244/1995 Coll., on Conditions of the Provision of Financial Subsidies in relation to Mortgage Loans for 
Housing Development, as amended, or any subsidy or benefits having a similar nature that may be 
introduced into Czech law after the date of the Base Prospectus; for the avoidance of any doubt, the 
definition of State Subsidy shall not include any tax benefits. 
Statutory Tests means all the mandatory statutory tests required by the applicable law or regulations to 
be fulfilled by the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or the Cover Pool, in particular the 
Czech Bonds Act, including those set out in Sections 28a(1), (2) and (3) and 28aa of the Czech Bonds 
Act.  
Statutory Eligibility Criteria means the statutory eligibility criteria for Cover Assets included in the 
Cover Pool as set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree, in particular Sections 30 and 31 of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (First Person) at any particular time, any other person 
(Second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the First Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the Second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the First Person. 
Transaction Documents means:  
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
the relevant set of the Final Terms; 
(c) 
the Dealer Agreement;  
(d) 
the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement; and 
(e) 
the Asset Monitor Agreement.

--- Page 315 ---
- 315 - 
 
 
 
(5) 
Unless a contrary indication appears, a reference in these Terms and Conditions to: 
(a) 
any Transaction Document or any other agreement or instrument is a reference to that 
Transaction Document or other agreement or instrument as amended, novated, supplemented, 
extended or restated; and 
(b) 
a legal act or provision of law is a reference to that legal act or provision of law as amended, 
replaced or re-enacted. 
(6) 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the Issuer is authorised to establish any additional cover pools in respect 
of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds in the future. In such case, the then outstanding Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will remain covered by the Cover Pool existing on the Issue Date, as the same may be amended 
or supplemented from time to time. 
§ 8 
(Issuer Undertakings) 
(1) 
The Issuer covenants to maintain the Cover Pool in accordance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, 
the Statutory Tests and other relevant requirements set out in the applicable law or regulations, including 
the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. The Issuer covenants that it will perform such checks and 
reviews as are required on each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date to ensure that 
each Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool remains in compliance with the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). To the extent that it is not in 
compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria or the Contractual Eligibility Criteria it will make such 
substitutions in the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria. 
(2) 
The Issuer also covenants to ensure that the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance is an 
amount at least equal to 110 per cent. of all Debts (Contractual Asset Cover Test). In relation to the 
Contractual Asset Cover Test, unless otherwise required by the applicable law, each amount shall be 
calculated (i) if denominated in a currency other than Czech Koruna, in the Czech Koruna equivalent of 
such amount ascertained using the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts as at the relevant 
date; and (ii) if denominated in Czech Koruna, in the applicable amount in Czech Koruna. 
(3) 
The Issuer will check that it complies with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test on 
each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date and, to the extent that it is not in 
compliance, it will make such substitutions in the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance 
with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of Default. However, whilst such breach is 
continuing the Issuer shall not issue any Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, which have the benefit of the 
Issuer's Cover Pool. 
(4) 
The Issuer covenants that it will provide from time to time to the Rating Agency (or another rating 
agency which has rated the Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the Asset Monitor information on the current 
value of the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance and will confirm compliance by the 
Issuer with the Contractual Asset Cover Test.  
(5) In addition to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the Issuer covenants to ensure that the Cover Pool meets 
the following contractual eligibility criteria in relation to Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool 
(collectively the Contractual Eligibility Criteria): 
(a) 
the Mortgage Loans are governed by Czech law; 
(b) 
the Mortgage Loans are fully disbursed and the relevant borrower does not have a right or 
entitlement to any additional advance from the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Mortgage Loans did not provide at the time of disbursement for any State Subsidy in 
relation to principal or interest;

--- Page 316 ---
- 316 - 
 
 
 
(d) 
the Mortgaged Property is real property which has been fully constructed as evidenced by an 
extract from the Czech Real Estate Register; 
(e) 
the Mortgaged Property is located in the Czech Republic; 
(f) 
the Mortgage Loans are not Defaulted Loans; 
(g) 
under the Mortgage Loans, the maximum amount of secured receivables of the Issuer is at least 
equal to the Registered Nominal Value of such Mortgage Loan; 
(h) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Residential Mortgage Loan does not exceed 80% and if it exceeds 
such threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Residential Mortgage Loan 
exceeding the LTV Ratio of 80% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test 
(i) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan does not exceed 60% and if it exceeds 
such threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan 
exceeding the LTV Ratio of 60% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test; 
(j) 
the borrower under the Mortgage Loan has made at least one instalment payment; 
(k) 
the Mortgage Loans are all denominated and payable by the relevant borrower in Czech Koruna 
(or other currency which may replace Czech Koruna as the official legal currency in the Czech 
Republic from the date of such replacement); 
(l) 
the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans granted to the Issuer's employees does not exceed 5 
per cent. of the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool; and 
(m) 
the Cover Pool does not contain any asset-backed securities. 
In relation to the Contractual Eligibility Criteria, unless otherwise required by the applicable law, each 
amount shall be calculated (i) if denominated in a currency other than Czech Koruna, in the Czech 
Koruna equivalent of such amount ascertained using the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such 
amounts as at the relevant date; and (ii) if denominated in Czech Koruna, in the applicable amount in 
Czech Koruna. 
(6) 
The Issuer also covenants that, as long as any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds remains outstanding, it 
will: 
(a) 
give notice to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with § 11) and to the Principal 
Paying Agent immediately on the occurrence of any Event of Default; 
(b) 
maintain, at all times, its registered office in the Czech Republic and its authorisation under the 
Czech Banking Act to carry out its activity as a bank as well as all other authorisations and 
registrations required for the Programme under the laws and regulations of the Czech Republic 
(including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Capital 
Markets Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) and it shall furnish the CNB with 
any and all documents that may be necessary in order to maintain such authorisations or 
registrations, in particular, it shall maintain a valid approval of its covered block pursuant to 
Section 30d(3) of the Czech Bonds Act (Permission for Covered Block); 
(c) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Czech Republic (including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, 
the Czech Capital Markets Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) at such time 
and in such manner as required by such laws and regulations and, in particular, it shall comply 
in all material respects with all of its obligations under the CNB Decree and any other measure 
implementing the Czech Bonds Act in respect of Mortgage Covered Bonds, including, but not

--- Page 317 ---
- 317 - 
 
 
 
limited to, its obligations relating to administration of the Cover Assets Register and any other 
ongoing obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Czech Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool); 
(d) 
publish, as soon as practicable after the time of issue thereof and in any event not later than 180 
days after the last day of each financial period of the Issuer, in the English language of each 
report and audited accounts for the relevant financial year/financial period (as appropriate) 
containing a balance sheet and profit and loss account report or other notice, statement or 
circular issued to the creditors of the Issuer; 
(e) 
publish, at the time of publication of its report and accounts pursuant to paragraph (d) above, a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer certifying that, to the best of the 
knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer, (a) during the period between the date as of 
which the last certificate was given (or, in case of the first such certificate, the date hereof) and 
the date as of which such certificate is given, the Issuer has complied with its material 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents or (if such is not the case) giving details of the circumstances 
of such non-compliance and (b) without prejudice to the generality of this paragraph (e) and 
paragraph (d) above, there did not exist as at a date not more than 10 days prior to the date of 
delivery of the certificate, on the part of the Issuer, any Event of Default or Potential Event of 
Default (as applicable) or, if any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as applicable) 
exists, giving details of the same; 
(f) 
provide any Mortgage Covered Bondholder, upon its written request, with any report prepared 
by the Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(g) 
not amend, vary, novate, supplement or waive any term of the Asset Monitor Agreement, 
except for: 
(i) 
changes of administrative nature or corrections of manifest errors; 
(ii) 
changes necessary to reflect consequences of a change in, or a change in interpretation 
of, the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree 
and the CRR; or  
(iii) 
changes that are not materially adverse to the interests of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders.  
§ 9 
(Events of Default) 
(1) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to declare its Mortgage Covered Bonds due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Early Redemption Amount, if any one or more of the 
following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
non-payment of any payment obligations by the Issuer under or in connection with the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which lasts for more than 10 (ten) Banking Days from the date when such 
obligations became due; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to comply with the Statutory Tests for a period longer than three months. 
The right to declare the Mortgage Covered Bonds due and payable shall terminate if the relevant Event of 
Default has been cured before the right is exercised. 
(2) 
Any notice declaring the Mortgage Covered Bonds due pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made by means 
of a notice in text form by the Mortgage Covered Bondholder to be delivered to the Principal Paying Agent 
by hand or registered mail together with sufficiently conclusive proof that such Mortgage Covered 
Bondholder at the time of such notice is a holder of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage 
Covered Bonds shall fall and payable due upon receipt of the notice by the Principal Paying Agent. The 
Principal Paying Agent shall promptly forward the notice to the Issuer without further examination.

--- Page 318 ---
- 318 - 
 
 
 
§ 10 
(Additional Undertakings of the Issuer for the Benefit of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders) 
(1) 
Without prejudice to § 9, if any one or more of the following events  shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to comply with, perform or observe any of its other Significant Obligations and 
(except, in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice 
as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such failure continues and remains unremedied for 
the period of 45 (forty five) calendar days following the service by any Mortgage Covered 
Bondholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; Significant Obligations 
means any material obligations of the Issuer as set out in the Terms and Conditions and the Asset 
Monitor Agreement.  
(b) 
a breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test with respect to the Cover Pool; or 
(c) 
for so long as this requirement is stipulated by applicable law, the Issuer does not have the 
Permission for Covered Block,  
and if there are any Mortgage Covered Bonds then outstanding, the Issuer must not issue any Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds which have the benefit of the Cover Pool. 
§ 11 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert: 
(1) 
Publication.  
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange, 
insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) [and]  
[If the publication is legally required to be made additionally in a newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany, insert:, to the extent legally required in one newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt). This newspaper is expected to be [insert newspaper 
authorised by the Stock Exchange].] [If publication in this newspaper is no longer possible, the notices 
shall be published in another newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany 
(Börsenpflichtblatt).] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of such 
publications).] 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock Exchange, insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made [additionally] by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] [Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
(www.[insert internet address]] [luxse.com]]). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first of such publications).]]

--- Page 319 ---
- 319 - 
 
 
 
[(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unlisted, insert:  
 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET] [London] 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a stock exchange, insert:  
 
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in subparagraph (1) above, deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of a TARGET Banking Day, insert: TARGET Banking Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which T2 is open for settlements in euro.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET Banking Day, insert: [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] [insert other financial centre]].] 
§ 12 
(Repurchase) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds in the market or otherwise and at 
any price. Mortgage Covered Bonds repurchased by the Issuer may, at the Issuer's discretion, be held, resold or 
forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation. 
§ 13 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph (1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is reduced 
to ten years for the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
§ 14 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds be or become invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap arising as a result 
of invalidity or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is to be filled 
with a provision that corresponds to the meaning and intent of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and is in the interest of the parties.

--- Page 320 ---
- 320 - 
 
 
 
§ 15 
(Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction[, Language]) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and the 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, although otherwise governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, will be subject to and will benefit from those provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree, the Czech Insolvency Act and any other provisions of Czech law 
applicable to or relevant for the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Therefore, the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
will need to satisfy requirements of Sections 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the 
Cover Pool and its maintenance will be governed by Czech law. Also, Section 375 of the Czech Insolvency 
Act and other relevant provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act will apply to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
and the Cover Pool in the case of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. 
(4) 
To the extent permitted by law, all legal disputes arising from or in connection with the matters governed 
by the terms and conditions of these Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be brought before the court in 
Frankfurt am Main. 
[Insert only, if Terms and Conditions are not exclusively written in the English language: 
(5) 
[If a non-binding English language translation will be provided, insert: These Terms and Conditions are 
written in the German language. An English language translation is attached. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language translation is provided for convenience only.]] 
[If a non-binding German language translation will be provided, insert: These Terms and Conditions are 
written in the English language. A German language translation is attached. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language translation is provided for convenience only.]] 
§ 16 
(Amendments to the Terms and Conditions) 
(1) 
§§ 5 et seq. of the German Bond Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (the 
SchVG)), shall be applicable in relation to the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Thus, the Issuer may amend 
these Terms and Conditions with consent by majority resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may in particular agree by majority resolution to the following: 
(a) a change of the due date for payment of interest, the reduction or the cancellation of interest; 
(b) 
a change of the due date for payment of principal; 
(c) 
a reduction of principal; 
(d) 
a subordination of claims arising from the Mortgage Covered Bonds in insolvency proceedings 
of the Issuer;  
(e) 
a conversion of the Mortgage Covered Bonds into, or the exchange of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds for, shares, other securities or obligations; 
(f) 
an exchange or release of security; 
(g) 
a change of the currency of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(h) 
a waiver or restriction of Mortgage Covered Bondholders' termination rights under the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds; 
(i) 
an amendment or a rescission of ancillary provisions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and

--- Page 321 ---
- 321 - 
 
 
 
(j) 
an appointment or a removal of a common representative for the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
No obligation to make any payment or to render any other performance shall be imposed on any Mortgage 
Covered Bondholder by majority resolution. 
(3) 
Pursuant to § 18 SchVG, Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall pass resolutions by vote taken [without a 
physical meeting][in a physical meeting]. 
A meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be called for by the Issuer or the Common 
Representative (as defined in paragraph (8) below). Pursuant to § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG in connection with 
§ 18 SchVG, a meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders must be called if Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders holding Mortgage Covered Bonds amounting to 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds request so, in writing, with reference to one of the reasons set out 
in § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG. 
(4) 
Except as provided in the following sentence and provided that the requisite quorum is present, a resolution 
of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be passed by simple majority of the rights to vote participating 
in the vote. 
In the cases of this § 16 (2) items (a) through (i), in order to be passed, resolutions require a majority of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the rights to vote participating in the vote. 
(5) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional fraction of its entitlement to the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
As long as the entitlement to the Mortgage Covered Bonds lies with, or the Mortgage Covered Bonds are 
held for the account of, the Issuer or any of its affiliates (§ 271 (2) of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch)), the right to vote in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be suspended. 
The Issuer may not transfer Mortgage Covered Bonds, of which the voting rights are so suspended, to 
another person for the purpose of exercising such voting rights in the place of the Issuer; this shall also 
apply to any affiliate of the Issuer. No person shall be permitted to exercise such voting right for the 
purpose stipulated in sent. (3), first half sentence, herein above. 
(6) 
Binding Effect: Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Mortgage Covered Bondholders are void, unless 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
(7) 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of 
voting by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian (as defined below) and by submission of a 
blocking instruction by the Custodian for the benefit of the Principal Paying Agent for the voting period. 
The statement issued by the Custodian must 
(a) 
indicate the full name and address of the Mortgage Covered Bondholder; 
(b) 
specify the aggregate principal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement; and 
(c) 
confirm that the Custodian has given a written notice to the Clearing System and the Principal 
Paying Agent containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) as well as confirmations by the 
Clearing System. 
Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Mortgage Covered Bondholder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds including the Clearing System. 
(8) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
Common Representative) to exercise the Mortgage Covered Bondholders' rights on behalf of each

--- Page 322 ---
- 322 - 
 
 
 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder. Any natural person having legal capacity or any qualified legal person 
may act as Common Representative. Any person who: 
(a) 
is a member of the management board, the supervisory board, the board of directors or any similar 
body, or an officer or employee, of the Issuer or any of its affiliates; 
(b) 
holds an interest of at least 20 per cent. in the share capital of the Issuer or of any of its affiliates; 
(c) 
is a financial creditor of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, holding a claim in the amount of at least 
20 per cent. of the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds, or is a member of a corporate body, an 
officer or other employee of such financial creditor; or 
(d) 
is subject to the control of any of the persons set forth in numbers (i) to (iii) above by reason of a 
special personal relationship with such person 
must disclose the relevant circumstances to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders prior to being appointed 
as a Common Representative. If any such circumstances arise after the appointment of a Common 
Representative, the Common Representative shall inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders promptly 
in appropriate form and manner. 
(9) 
The Common Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Common Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. To the extent that the Common Representative has 
been authorised to assert certain rights of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Common Representative shall provide reports to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders on its activities. 
(10) 
The Common Representative shall be liable for the performance of its duties towards the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders who shall be joint and several creditors (Gesamtgläubiger); in the performance of 
its duties it shall act with the diligence and care of a prudent business manager. [If the liability of the 
Common Representative may be limited by resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders, insert: The 
liability of the Common Representative may be limited by a resolution passed by the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders.][If the liability of the Common Representative may be limited to a fixed amount, insert: The 
liability of the Common Representative may be limited to [[insert amount] times its annual remuneration] 
[insert amount].] The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall decide upon the assertion of claims for 
compensation of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders against the Common Representative. 
(11) 
The Common Representative may be removed from office at any time by the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders without specifying any reasons. The Common Representative may request all information 
required for the performance of the duties entrusted to it from the Issuer. The Issuer shall bear the costs 
and expenses arising from the appointment of a Common Representative, including reasonable 
remuneration of the Common Representative.

--- Page 323 ---
- 323 - 
 
 
 
IV. Form of Final Terms 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly 
offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).]  
Terms used in the final terms below (Final Terms) shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds set forth in the Base Prospectus (and the Supplements 
thereto, if any) (Terms and Conditions). 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET] – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Mortgage Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties[,] [and] 
professional clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Mortgage Covered Bonds (distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].[Insert 
further details on target market, client categories etc.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United 
Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA or in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the United Kingdom may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
The Final Terms are divided into a "Part I" and a "Part II". 
In Part I of the Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions will be completed and specified by the information 
contained in Part I as follows: 
(a) 
In the case of "Type A" Final Terms, the following applies:  
 
The completed and specified provisions of the relevant Option I, II or III of the Terms and Conditions 
represents the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds (Conditions). 
(b) 
In the case of "Type B" Final Terms, the following applies:  
The relevant Option I, II or III of the Terms and Conditions, completed and specified by, and to be read 
together with, Part I of these Final Terms represents the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (Conditions). 
Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the relevant set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon 
Mortgage Covered Bonds set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I, Option II and Option III. Capitalised 
terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 324 ---
- 324 - 
 
 
 
All references in Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs 
and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
The placeholders in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if 
such information was inserted in the placeholder of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and 
Conditions which are not selected and not completed by the information contained in the Final Terms shall 
be deemed to be deleted from the terms and conditions applicable to the Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
Part II of the Final Terms contains all other conditions which shall not be inserted in the Terms and Conditions 
and which apply to all Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 325 ---
- 325 - 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
dated [●] 
RAIFFEISENBANK A.S. 
Issue of [Title of the Mortgage Covered Bonds] 
(Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. [insert information with regard to accrued interest in case of an increase of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds] 
Series number [●] 
Tranche number [●] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with and increase the aggregate principal amount of the [Title of 
relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds] issued on [●])] 
under the 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme of 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Mortgage Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 para. 5 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market (Prospectus Regulation), in connection with the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market. In order to get full information, the Final 
Terms are to be read together with the information contained in [(a)] the base prospectus dated 5 September 
2024 [and (b) the supplement[s] dated [●]] (Base Prospectus). 
The aforementioned documents are available on the website www.rb.cz 
 
 
Part I 
[[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Mortgage Covered Bondsare to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I to Option III including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders ("Type 
A" Final Terms), the following paragraphs shall be applicable.]  
[The applicable and legally binding Conditions are as set out below in the English language version. [A non-
binding German language translation thereof will be provided together with the English language version.]] 
[The applicable and legally binding Conditions are set out in the German language version. [A non-binding 
English language translation thereof will be provided together with the German language version.]] 
[In the case of Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds replicate the relevant provisions of Option I including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]

--- Page 326 ---
- 326 - 
 
 
 
[In the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds replicate the relevant provisions of Option II 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[In the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds replicate the relevant provisions of Option III 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[In the case of an increase of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds which were issued under the base 
prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 15 December 2020 (as supplemented by the 
first supplement dated 21 May 2021 to the base prospectus dated 15 December 2020), insert relevant Terms 
and Conditions as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus and complete relevant placeholders] 
[In the case of "Type B" Final Terms, the following table shall be completed in accordance with the 
specifications of the relevant issue of [Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds] [Floating Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds] [Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds]: 
§ 1 
Series, Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds, Issuance of Additional Mortgage Covered Bonds [, Definitions] 
Issue Date: 
[insert Issue Date] 
Specified Currency: 
[Euro (EUR)] [insert Specified Currency] 
Label: 
[European Covered Bond] [European Covered Bond 
(Premium)] [CRR] 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[Up to] [insert Aggregate Principal Amount of Series] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[insert Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
Specified Denomination: 
[insert Specified Denomination] 
Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
 
 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange 
(TEFRA D) 
 
 
Permanent Global Note (TEFRA C) 
 
 
Permanent Global Note (neither TEFRA D 
nor TEFRA C Rules) 
 
Clearing System: 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
Luxembourg 
 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
 
B-1210 Brussels 
 
Classical Global Note or New Global Note: 
 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note

--- Page 327 ---
- 327 - 
 
 
 
§ 2 
Interest 
 
Option I: Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] 
Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Interest Rate: 
[insert percentage] per cent. per annum 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year]23 
[Interest Payment Dates and relating Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
relating Interest Rate 
[insert Interest Payment 
Dates] 
[insert relating Interest 
Rate]]24 
First Interest Payment Date 
[insert First Interest Payment Date] 
Initial Broken Amount (per Specified 
Denomination) (in the case of a first [short][long] 
coupon): 
 
 
[insert Initial Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Initial Broken Amount (per Aggregate Principal 
Amount of [Series][Tranche]) (in the case of a first 
[short][long] coupon): 
 
 
[insert Initial Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Final Broken Amount (per Specified 
Denomination) (in the case of a last [short][long] 
coupon): 
 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
 
Final Broken Amount (per Aggregate Principal 
Amount of [Series][Tranche]) (in the case of a last 
[short][long] coupon): 
 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
 
 
Option II: Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds 
 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] 
Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Specified Interest Payment Date(s) during the 
Fixed Interest Term: 
[insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each 
year]]25 
 
specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] 
 
specified Interest Period(s): 
[insert number] [weeks] [months] 
[First Interest Payment Date: 
[insert first Interest Payment Date]]26 
 
23    Only applicable for Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
24 
Only applicable for Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
25 
Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
26 
Insert only in the case of a first long/short coupon.

--- Page 328 ---
- 328 - 
 
 
 
[First Interest Payment Date falling into the 
Floating Interest Term: 
[insert first Interest Payment Date falling into the 
Floating Interest Term]]27 
[Interest Rate for the Fixed Interest Term: 
[insert percentage] per cent. per annum 
Initial 
Broken 
Amount 
(per 
Specified 
Denomination): 
[insert Initial Broken Amount][Not applicable]]28 
Initial Broken Amount (per Aggregate Principal 
Amount of [Series][Tranche]): 
[insert Initial Broken Amount][Not applicable]]29 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Mortgage 
Covered Bondswhere interest 
is linked to the [Euro Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(Euribor)®] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
[Prague Interbank Offered Rate 
(Pribor)] 
 
 
Euribor (Brussels 
time 
/ 
TARGET Banking Day / 
Interbank market in the Euro-
Zone) 
[insert term(s)] [●] 
 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or any successor screen 
page 
 
SONIA 
(London 
time 
/ 
London Banking Day) 
 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
 
Number of London 
 
Banking Days "p" 
[●] 
 
SOFR (New York time / US 
Government 
Securities 
Banking Day) 
 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number 
of 
US 
Government Securi-
ties Banking Days 
"p" 
[●] 
 
€STR 
(Brussels 
time 
/ 
TARGET Banking Day) 
 
 
27 
Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
28 
Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
29 
Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 329 ---
- 329 - 
 
 
 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
 
Number 
of 
TARGET Banking 
Days "p" 
[●] 
 
Pribor (Prague time / Prague 
Banking Day) 
 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
 
Number of 
Prague 
Banking Days "p" 
[●] 
 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable 
following a Discontinuation 
Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
 
Interpolation: 
[Yes] [No] [with regard to the [short][long] first coupon] 
[with regard to the last short coupon] 
 
[Linear interpolation between the [insert number] month 
[Euribor] 
[Pribor] 
offered 
rate 
and 
the 
[insert 
number] month [Euribor] [Pribor] offered rate which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the 
Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time.] 
 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds where interest is linked to a 
Constant Maturity Swap Rate: 
[●] 
 
Number of years: 
[insert number of years] 
 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page [ICESWAP1 or any successor screen 
page] [ICESWAP2 or any successor screen page] 
 
Number of quotations from 
Reference Banks: 
 
[insert number of quotations] 
 
Reference Rate Time: 
[insert Reference Rate Time] 
 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable 
following a Discontinuation 
Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
 
plus 
 
 
 
minus

--- Page 330 ---
- 330 - 
 
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[second] [first] [last] [other number of days] [TARGET] 
[London] [other financial centre (specify)] Banking Day 
[prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the relevant 
Interest Period  
 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[insert Floating Rate Option] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[insert period from/to] 
 
Reset Date: 
[insert Reset Date] [Not applicable] 
 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
[Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Interest Rate: 
 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum] 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum] 
Day Count Fraction:30 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 31 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest 
Term]] [Fictive Interest Payment Date: [insert Fictive 
Interest Payment Date]]32 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest 
Term]] 
 
Actual/365 (fixed) 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest 
Term]] 
 
Actual/360 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest 
Term]] 
 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest 
Term]] 
 
30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis33 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest 
Term]] 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 2000)34 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest 
Term]] 
 
30 
In the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds, only applicable if default interest on the Redemption Amount/Optional 
Redemption Amount accrues in accordance with the Amortisation Yield or for the calculation of the Early Redemption Amount. 
31 
If interest is not payable on a regular basis (for example, if there are Broken Amounts specified) Actual/Actual (ICMA) will not be a 
suitable fixed rate Day Count Fraction. 
32 
Insert in the case of a long/short first/last Calculation Period. 
33 
Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
34 
Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 331 ---
- 331 - 
 
 
 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 2021)35 [For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest 
Term]] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 36 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest 
Term]] 
 
Option III: Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered 
Bonds 
 
§ 3 
Maturity, Redemption Amount[Redemption for tax reasons, Redemption due to illegality or invalidity, 
Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)] 
Maturity Date: 
[insert maturity date] 
[the Interest Payment Date (as defined above) falling in 
[insert month] of [insert year]] 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[The extended maturity date is [●].] 
[Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Specified Denomination 
 
 
Other amount  
[insert amount] per Specified Denomination]37 
[Interest from Maturity Date to Extended Maturity Date: 
 
Option I: Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
 
 
specified Interest Period(s): 
[insert number] [weeks] [months] 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Interest is linked to the [Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (Euribor)®] 
[SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] 
[€STR®] 
[Prague Interbank Offered Rate 
(Pribor)] 
 
 
Euribor (Brussels time / 
TARGET Banking Day / 
Interbank market in the 
Euro-Zone) 
[insert term(s)][●] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or any successor 
screen page 
 
SONIA® (London time / 
London Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of London Banking 
Days "p" 
[●] 
 
35 
Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
36  Only applicable in the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds and if ISDA 2006 Definitions 
shall be applicable. 
37 
Only applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. Such Redemption Amount may not be less than the Specified 
Denomination of the Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 332 ---
- 332 - 
 
 
 
 
SOFR® (New York time / US 
Government 
Securities 
Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of US Government 
Securities Banking Days "p": 
[●] 
 
€STR® 
(Brussels 
time 
/ 
TARGET Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number 
of 
TARGET 
Banking Days "p": 
[●] 
 
Pribor (Prague time / Prague 
Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of Prague Banking 
Days "p" 
[●] 
 
Interest Rate applicable following a 
Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Interpolation: 
[Yes] [No] [with regard to the [short][long] first coupon] 
[with regard to the last short coupon] 
 
[Linear interpolation between the [[insert number] month 
[Euribor] [Pribor] offered rate][●] and the [[insert 
number] month [Euribor] [Pribor] offered rate][●] which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the 
Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time.] 
 
Interest is linked to a Constant 
Maturity Swap Rate: 
[●] 
Number of years: 
[insert number of years] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page [ICESWAP1 or any successor screen 
page] [ICESWAP2 or any successor screen page] 
Number 
of 
quotations 
from 
Reference Banks: 
[insert number of quotations] 
Reference Rate Time: 
[insert Reference Rate Time] 
Interest Rate applicable following a 
Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[second] [first] [last] [insert other number of days] 
[TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centre 
(specify)] 
Banking 
Day 
[prior 
to 
the] 
[commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest Period  
 
ISDA Determination: 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[insert Floating Rate Option]

--- Page 333 ---
- 333 - 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[insert period from/to] 
Reset Date: 
[insert Reset Date] [Not applicable] 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Determination by: 
[Calculation Agent] [Issuer]38 
[Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Interest Rate: 
 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum] 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum]] 
Discretion to be exercised by:  
[Calculation Agent] [Issuer]39 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 40 
[Fictive Interest Payment Date: [insert Fictive Interest 
Payment Date]] 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
Actual/365 (fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 
 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 2000) 
 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 2021) 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]41 
 
[ 
Option II: Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds 
 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Interest is linked to the [Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (Euribor)®] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
 
 
Euribor (Brussels time / 
TARGET Banking Day / 
Interbank market in the 
Euro-Zone) 
[insert term(s)][●] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or any successor 
screen page 
 
SONIA® (London time / 
London Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of London Banking 
Days "p" 
[●] 
 
SOFR® (New York time / US 
Government 
Securities 
Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
 
38  
“Issuer” to be selected in the case that Citibank functions as calculation agent. 
39  
“Issuer” to be selected in the case that Citibank functions as calculation agent. 
40  
If interest is not payable on a regular basis (for example, if there are Broken Amounts specified) Actual/Actual (ICMA) will not 
be a suitable fixed rate Day Count Fraction. 
41  
Only applicable in the case that the interest rate shall be amended during the maturity extension.

--- Page 334 ---
- 334 - 
 
 
 
Number of US Government 
Securities Banking Days "p": 
[●] 
 
€STR® 
(Brussels 
time 
/ 
TARGET Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number 
of 
TARGET 
Banking Days "p": 
[●] 
 
Pribor (Prague time / Prague 
Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of Prague Banking 
Days "p" 
[●] 
 
Interest Rate applicable following a 
Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Interpolation: 
[Yes] [No] [with regard to the [short][long] first coupon] 
[with regard to the last short coupon] 
 
[Linear interpolation between the [[insert number] month 
[Euribor] [Pribor] offered rate][●] and the [[insert 
number] month [Euribor] [Pribor] offered rate][●] which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the 
Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time.] 
 
Interest is linked to a Constant 
Maturity Swap Rate: 
[●] 
Number of years: 
[insert number of years] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page [ICESWAP1 or any successor screen 
page] [ICESWAP2 or any successor screen page] 
Number 
of 
quotations 
from 
Reference Banks: 
[insert number of quotations] 
Reference Rate Time: 
[insert Reference Rate Time] 
Interest Rate applicable following a 
Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[second] [first] [last] [insert other number of days] 
[TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centre 
(specify)] 
Banking 
Day 
[prior 
to 
the] 
[commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest Period  
 
ISDA Determination: 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[insert Floating Rate Option] 
Designated Maturity: 
[insert period from/to] 
Reset Date: 
[insert Reset Date] [Not applicable] 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
plus

--- Page 335 ---
- 335 - 
 
 
 
 
minus 
 
Determination by: 
[Calculation Agent] [Issuer]42 
[Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Interest Rate: 
 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum] 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum]] 
Discretion to be exercised by:  
[Calculation Agent] [Issuer]43 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)44 
[Fictive Interest Payment Date: [insert Fictive Interest 
Payment Date]] 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
Actual/365 (fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 
 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 2000) 
 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 2021) 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]45 
 
Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call 
Option): 
 
[Yes] [No] 
[Call Date(s): 
[insert Call Date(s)][of each year, commencing on [insert 
date]] 
Right to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in 
part: 
[Yes] [No] 
Notice period: 
[insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking 
Days][months] 
[Accrued interest will be paid separately: 
[Yes] [No]]46 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
 
 
Specified Denomination 
 
 
Other amount  
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which may not be 
lower than the principal amount/issue price]] 
[Accrual of default interest on the Redemption 
Amount [and the Optional Redemption Amount] 
on the basis of:47 
 
 
Amortisation Yield 
Reference Rate: [insert Reference Rate] 
Amortisation Yield: [insert Amortisation Yield] 
 
default interest rate established by law] 
 
 
42  
“Issuer” to be selected in the case that Citibank functions as calculation agent. 
43  
“Issuer” to be selected in the case that Citibank functions as calculation agent.. 
44  
If interest is not payable on a regular basis (for example, if there are Broken Amounts specified) Actual/Actual (ICMA) will not 
 
be a suitable fixed rate Day Count Fraction.. 
45  
Only applicable in the case that the interest rate shall be amended during the maturity extension. 
46 
Only applicable in the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
47 
Only applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 336 ---
- 336 - 
 
 
 
Redemption for tax reasons (§3 (9)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Notice period for condition [§ 3 (9)] 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
[Accrued interest will be paid separately: 
[Yes] [No]]48 
Notice period for condition [§ 3 (10)] 
(Redemption due to illegality or invalidity): 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
[Accrued interest will be paid separately: 
[Yes] [No]]49 
Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of default 
[●] 
[Amortisation Yield: 
Reference Price: [insert Reference Price] 
Amortisation Yield: [insert Amortisation Yield]]50 
§ 4 
Payments 
Rounding of payable amounts: 
[upwards][always downwards] 
Dual currency Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Currency for settlement: 
[insert currency] 
 
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [Euro] [insert 
other currency] is effected [at the Settlement Rate] [●]] 
 
[At least [EUR] [Insert other currency] [0.001] [Insert 
other unit] per [Specified Denomination] [for the 
Aggregate Principal Amount] will be paid] 
Settlement Rate: 
[insert] [Calculated on the basis of [first exchange rate] 
(expressed a a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] 
[insert currency]) multiplied by [second exchange rate] 
(expressed a a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] 
[insert currency])] 
First Exchange Rate: 
[insert], Screen Page: [insert], 
Fixing Sponsor: [insert] 
Second Exchange Rate: 
[insert], Screen Page: [insert], 
Fixing Sponsor: [insert] 
Rate Calculation Date: 
[insert] [[second] Banking Day before [insert]] 
 
48 
Only applicable in the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
49 
Only applicable in the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
50 
Only applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 337 ---
- 337 - 
 
 
 
Bank Working Day: 
[TARGET] [[insert financial centre] and [insert financial 
centre]] 
Time: 
[insert] 
Time Zone: 
[insert]] 
Business Day Convention: 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Floating Rate Convention51 
[[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] 
 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Adjustment: 
[Yes] [No] 
Banking Day: 
 
[TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centres] 
§ 5 
Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent, Calculation Agent 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United 
Kingdom]  
[insert other Principal Paying Agent] 
Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[as of [insert date]] [insert additional Paying Agent(s)] 
[Not Applicable] 
Calculation Agent: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United 
Kingdom]  
[insert other Calculation Agent]  
[Not applicable] 
§6 
Taxes 
Applicability of  gross-up obligation 
[Yes] [No] 
Person Related Through Capital exception from a gross-
up obligation 
[Yes] [No] 
Standard Refund Procedure fixed amount 
[⚫] 
 
51 
Only applicable in the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 338 ---
- 338 - 
 
 
 
§ 11 
Notices 
[Notices may be given by means of electronic publication 
on the website of the relevant stock exchange:52 
 
 
[Yes] [No] 
Newspaper authorised by the stock exchange 
[insert newspaper authorised by the stock exchange] [Not 
applicable] 
Publication in another authorised newspaper if no 
longer possible: 
 
[Yes] [No] 
Website: 
[insert name of stock exchange] [insert website] [Not 
applicable]] 
Banking Day: 
[TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centres] 
[§ 15 
Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction[, Language] 
Language of Terms and Conditions: 
 
 
English and German (English binding) 
(Whereas the translation into the German 
language will not be part of these Final 
Terms.) 
 
 
German and English (German binding) 
(Whereas the translation into the English 
language will not be part of these Final 
Terms.)] 
 
§ 16 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
Meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders: 
 
 
with a physical meeting 
 
 
without a physical meeting 
 
Limited liability of the common representative of the 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders: 
[limited to [insert amount]-times of the annual retribution 
of the common representative] [insert amount] [Not 
applicable]]] 
 
 
 
52 
Only applicable if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange.

--- Page 339 ---
- 339 - 
 
 
 
Part II 
 
Material Information 
 
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the 
issue/offer 
[specify if different from the interest as set out in the Base 
Prospectus, if any] 
Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds 
[Not applicable][General Business Purposes: ⚫][Green 
Bonds: ⚫][Social Bonds: ⚫][Sustainability Bonds: ⚫] [●] 
Classical Global Note or New Global Note: 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow ECB eligibility 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow ECB 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the international central securities 
depositaries (ICSDs) as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds are capable of meeting them may then be deposited 
with one of the international central securities depositaries 
(ICSDs) as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Mortgage Covered Bonds will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
[Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Preliminary Common Code: 
[●]] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[Preliminary ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●] 
[Preliminary German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●]]

--- Page 340 ---
- 340 - 
 
 
 
[CFI Code: 
[●]] 
[FISN: 
[●]] 
[Any other securities number: 
[●]] 
[Any other preliminary securities number: 
[●]] 
Yield 
 
Yield on issue price: 
[[insert percentage] % per annum.]53 
[Not applicable. The yield of the Mortgage Covered Bonds
cannot be calculated [as of the issue date].] 
Method of Distribution 
 
 Non-Syndicated 
 
 Syndicated 
 
Management Details 
 
Dealer/Management Group: 
[insert name]  
Commissions 
 
[Management/Underwriting Commission54: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]  
[Selling Concession63: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
Listing Commission: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
Stabilising Manager:  
[insert details] [Not applicable] 
Use and estimated net amount of the proceeds: 
[specify details] 
Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes] [No]  
 Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 Regulated Market 
 
 EuroMTF 
 
 Other:  
 
[●] 
 
53  Only applicable for Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
54 
There is no requirement to set out information on Management/Underwriting Commission and Selling Concession in the case, the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds have a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 or the equivalent amount in another currency.

--- Page 341 ---
- 341 - 
 
 
 
 Rating55 
[specify rating] [specify meaning of the rating and provide 
brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider] 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered or has applied 
for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (CRA Regulation).]  
[The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days 
following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall 
publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update.] 
[Amounts payable under the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR®, which is 
currently provided by European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)] [[CMS], which is currently provided by ICE 
Benchmark Administration (IBA)] [SONIA®, which is currently provided by the Bank of England] [SOFR®, which is 
currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [PRIBOR, which is currently provided by Czech 
Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o.] [[insert other reference rate], which is currently provided by [insert 
administrator]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [EMMI] [IBA] [the Bank of England] [the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York] [Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o.] [insert administrator] [does] [do] [not] appear on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (Benchmarks Regulation).] 
[Raiffeisenbank a.s.] 
___________________________________ 
 
[Name]] 
 
 
 
 
55 
Insert relevant rating with regard to the rating of individual Mortgage Covered Bonds, if any.

--- Page 342 ---
- 342 - 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF CZECH LEGISLATION RELATING TO MORTGAGE COVERED 
BONDS 
1. 
CZECH LEGISLATION 
The following description is of a general nature and sets out certain features of Czech law governing the 
issuance of the Mortgage Covered Bonds as Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy), as at the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not purport to be, and is not, a complete 
description of all aspects of the Czech legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main legislation which governs the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds as Czech covered bonds comprises (i) Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds 
Act; (ii) Decree of the CNB No. 2/2019 Coll., on Keeping Records of the Covered Blocks, as amended 
(the CNB Decree); and (iii) Section 375 as well as some other provisions of the Czech Act No. 182/2006 
Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its Resolution (the Insolvency Act), as amended (the Czech 
Insolvency Act). 
2. 
CZECH COVERED BOND LEGISLATION 
In accordance with Section 28(1) of the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech covered bonds (in Czech, kryté 
dluhopisy) are either (i) bonds; or (ii) similar debt securities representing a right for repayment of an 
owed amount which are issued under and governed by a foreign law. 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds represent a sub-category of the Czech covered bonds terms and 
conditions of which stipulate that the aggregate value of (i) issuer's mortgage loan receivables pursuant 
to Section 31(2)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act (the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans); or (ii) issuer's 
mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Article 129(1)(d)-(f) of the CRR (the CRR Mortgage Loans and 
together with the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans as the Mortgage Loans) included in the Cover Pool 
(as defined below) must be equal to at least 85 per cent. of the aggregate value of all the debts covered 
by the relevant Cover Pool. Only the Czech Mortgage Covered Bond may bear the designation 
"hypoteční zástavní list" or any other designation expressing the same meaning in another language (e.g. 
"mortgage covered bond") to be recognised as such under the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree and 
the Czech Insolvency Act. Other securities are prohibited from using this designation. 
Under the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (as well as other covered bonds) may 
only be issued by a bank with its seat in the Czech Republic which holds a Czech banking licence granted 
by the CNB in accordance with the Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks, as amended (the Czech 
Banking Act). Under the Czech Banking Act, a bank is defined as a legal entity which is established as 
a joint-stock company that may accept deposits from the public and grant loans in accordance with its 
banking licence. The banking licence may also enumerate other activities which are permitted for the 
particular bank. Save for the Permission for Covered Block (as defined below), no specific licence or 
authorisation is required for the issuance of any Czech covered bonds under Czech law. 
The Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and thus the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under 
the Programme, constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the 
Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same Cover Pool (the Issuer may, at its sole discretion, 
create multiple Cover Pools) and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the same 
priority as the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
If the Issuer becomes insolvent, claims of the holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds may be 
satisfied either from (i) the Cover Pool; or (ii) any other (general) assets of the Issuer, subject to specific 
provisions of the Czech insolvency law (see section 11. Insolvency of the Issuer and the Cover Pool 
below). 
The Cover Pool is a ring-fenced pool of: (A) assets registered in the cover assets register, identified and 
designated by the Issuer to constitute cover in respect of: (i) the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds that 
the Issuer has either issued or, in the case of multiple existing issues, determined (and which are

--- Page 343 ---
- 343 - 
 
 
 
outstanding, i.e. in circulation, which are owned by a person other than the Issuer or which are owned 
by the Issuer and have been provided to another person as a security or collateral); and (ii) certain other 
debts of the Issuer; and (B) also other assets (accessory assets) which belong to that Cover Pool by the 
operation of law, i.e. without the need of their registration to the cover assets register (the Cover Pool). 
The respective Cover Pool is created upon registration of at least one asset satisfying the relevant 
eligibility criteria set out in the Czech Bonds Act in a cover assets register, which is maintained 
separately in respect of each Cover Pool (if multiple Cover Pools are created) (the Cover Assets 
Register). From the moment of registration of an eligible asset in the Cover Assets Register, such an 
asset becomes a cover asset (the Cover Asset) (particular Cover Assets are described in detail in section 
3. Cover Assets, Liquidity Buffer and Statutory Cover Tests below) and cannot be transferred, pledged 
or otherwise used as a security. 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer is required to maintain at least one Cover Pool for the benefit 
of all debts that it covers. However, the Issuer may create multiple Cover Pools for the benefit of 
individual or specified multiple issuances or series of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, at its sole 
discretion. If this is the case, the Issuer must also determine which debts are to be covered by each Cover 
Pool, whereas if the Issuer has created only one Cover Pool, such determination is not required.  
Moreover, in case a creditor enforces claims against the Issuer through judicial enforcement pursuant 
to the Civil Procedure Code or through an executor pursuant to the Czech Act No. 120/2001 Coll on 
Court-Appointed Distrainers and Distraining Activities, as amended (the Enforcement Code), pursuant 
to Section 267b of the Civil Procedure Code and Section 52 of the Enforcement Code, the Cover Assets 
cannot be used in enforcement to fulfil other debts than those debts which are covered by the same 
Cover Pool. 
Under the Czech Bonds Act, the legal title to any Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool continues to 
be held by the Issuer and such assets remain on the balance sheet of the Issuer. However, the Cover 
Assets must not be transferred, mortgaged or otherwise used as security.  
The Issuer must continuously monitor the eligibility of the Cover Assets. The Issuer must remove from 
the Cover Assets Register such Cover Assets which no longer satisfy the legal requirements (eligibility 
criteria) from the Cover Pool and substitute them with other eligible assets to the extent required. 
However, the Covered Block Administrator (as defined below), if and once appointed, has no such duty.  
Pursuant to Section 375 of the Insolvency Act the Cover Pool does not form a part of the insolvency 
estate of the Issuer. This means that the Cover Pool is to be managed separately from the insolvency 
proceedings applicable to an insolvency estate of the Issuer (i.e. on a bankruptcy remote basis) (for 
further details, please see section 11. Insolvency of the Issuer and the Cover Pool below). 
In addition, pursuant to Section 337c(1)(c) of the Civil Procedure Code, the receivables under the 
Mortgage Loans, which are included in the Cover Pool covering the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds in 
circulation, will be satisfied in priority to any claims of all other creditors of the borrowers of those 
Mortgage Loans and any claims of all other mortgagees in respect of the Mortgaged Property (as defined 
below) securing those Mortgage Loans from the proceeds of the liquidation of the Mortgaged Property 
following only deduction of the costs of the state of the Czech Republic arising in connection with the 
foreclosure auctions and, if applicable, the deduction of the costs relating to the administration of the 
building and the land that are due from the owner of the Mortgaged Property, which is unit situated 
within that building, up to the amount of one-tenth of the proceeds of the sale of such Mortgaged 
Property. This means that the Issuer's receivables from the Mortgage Loans will have priority rights with 
respect to any cash flows from any enforcement or foreclosure proceedings in respect of the Mortgaged 
Property securing the Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool (up to the amount in which the 
Mortgage Loans are included in the Cover Pool) vis-à-vis any other creditors including the Issuer's 
creditors.

--- Page 344 ---
- 344 - 
 
 
 
3. 
COVER ASSETS, LIQUIDITY BUFFER AND STATUTORY COVER TESTS 
Cover Assets 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, only the following types of assets (the Eligible Assets) may be 
registered in the Cover Assets Register: 
(a) 
CRR Mortgage Loans and other assets set out in Articles 129(1) and (2) of the CRR provided 
that the Issuer meets conditions set out in Articles 129(1a)-(3) of the CRR (while any 
Derivative (as defined below) must comply with requirements under point (e) below); 
(b) 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans; 
(c) 
receivables against or guaranteed by a state, regional self-governing unit or an individual or 
legal person performing tasks in the area of public administration (the Public Undertaking) 
provided that the following cumulative conditions are met: (i) the respective Public 
Undertaking provides essential public services on the basis of a licence, a concession pursuant 
to the Czech Act No. 134/2016 Coll., on Public Procurement, as amended or other form of 
entrustment granted by a public authority; (ii) the respective Public Undertaking is subject to 
public supervision and (iii) the respective Public Undertaking has sufficient revenue generating 
powers, which are ensured by the fact of such Public Undertaking: (A) having adequate 
flexibility to collect and to increase fees, charges and receivables for the service provided in 
order to ensure their financial soundness and solvability; (B) receiving sufficient grants on a 
statutory basis in order to ensure its financial soundness and solvability in exchange for 
providing essential public services; or (C) having entered into a profit and loss transfer 
agreement with a public authority; 
(d) 
exposures pursuant to Article 129(1)(a) or (b) of the CRR provided that the Issuer meets 
conditions set out in Articles 129(1a)-(3) of the CRR (the CRR PSB’s Receivables and 
together with the assets under subparagraphs (C) also referred to as the PSB’s Receivables 
and Exposures); 
(e) 
cash of the Issuer held on an account kept by a person set out in Section 72(2) of the Act No. 
240/2013 Coll., on Investment Companies and Investment Funds, as amended (the Cash) and 
other Liquid Assets (as defined below); and 
(f) 
rights arising out of a derivative in accordance with Section 2 point 5 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, on OTC derivatives, central 
counterparties and trade repositories (i.e. a financial instrument as set out in points (4) to (10) 
of Section C of Annex I to MiFID II (the Derivative), provided that the following cumulative 
conditions are met: (i) the purpose of the Derivative is to hedge against the risks related to 
Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool or the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, (ii) from the 
terms under which the derivative contract was concluded, it is clear that it relates to the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, (iii) the terms of the Derivative provide that insolvency (in Czech, 
platební neschopnost) of an Issuer or a crisis resolution (in Czech, řešení krize) or similar 
measure in respect of an Issuer does not constitute an event of default or a termination or 
similar event which could lead to early termination of the Derivative; and (iv) the Issuer's 
counterparty to the Derivative has granted its prior consent with registration of the Derivative 
in the Cover Assets Register and where the Issuer’s counterparty to the Derivative is a financial 
counterparty pursuant to Article 2(8) of Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade 
repositories, it must have been assigned at least with a credit quality step 3 (within the meaning 
of Part Three, Title III, Chapter 3 of the CRR), and the derivative contract must have been 
sufficiently documented (while the same applies also to removal of the Derivative from the 
Cover Assets Register). 
The Cover Pool also includes the following assets that are part of the Cover Pool by operation of law 
without a need of their registration in the Cover Assets Register (each being the Accessory Asset):

--- Page 345 ---
- 345 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
rights from a security provided in relation to any Cover Asset included in the Cover Pool, 
rights from mortgages over real property in relation to the Mortgage Loans in particular; 
(b) 
rights from agreements entered into in relation to any Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool 
(particularly the rights from any insurance arrangements);  
(c) 
an asset provided (posted) as collateral or other security in respect of the Derivative unless the 
terms and conditions of the respective Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds provide otherwise;  
(d) 
rights from agreements concluded in relation to the administration of the Covered Block (as 
defined below) whose part is the Cover Pool; and  
(e) 
from the moment of appointment of a Covered Block Administrator (as defined below), cash 
accepted as payment for the repayment of a debt arising from a Cover Asset that is included in 
the Cover Pool or in direct connection with such Cover Asset or funds obtained as a proceeds 
from the Cover Pool Liquidation or Liquidation of Selected Assets (as these terms are defined 
below). 
Liquidity Buffer 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the Cover Pool must at all times include a cover pool liquidity buffer 
(the Liquidity Buffer) composed of the following liquid assets (each being a Liquid Asset) registered 
in the Cover Assets Register: 
(a) 
assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets under Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to 
liquidity coverage for Credit Institutions, that are valued in accordance with that delegated 
regulation, and are not issued by the Issuer, its parent undertaking pursuant to Article 4(1)(15) 
of the CRR, other than a public sector entity that is not a credit institution pursuant to Article 
4(1)(1) of the CRR, its subsidiary pursuant to Article 4(2)(16) of the CRR or another subsidiary 
of its parent undertaking, or by a securitisation special purpose entity pursuant to Article 2(2) 
of the Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 
December 2017 laying down a general framework for securitisation and creating a specific 
framework for simple, transparent and standardised securitisation, and amending Directives 
2009/65/EC, 2009/138/EC and 2011/61/EU and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 
648/2012 with which the Issuer has close links pursuant to Article 4(1)(38) of the CRR; or 
(b) 
short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or short-
term deposits to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3, in accordance 
with point (c) of Article 129(1) of the CRR. 
According to the Czech Bonds Act, claims from exposures considered in default under Article 178 of 
the CRR cannot contribute to the Liquidity Buffer. 
The Liquidity Buffer must be available at all times in order to cover the maximum cumulative net 
liquidity outflow (i.e. all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal and interest 
payments arising under the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and payments under Derivative in the 
Covered Block, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for claims related to the Cover 
Pool) over a period of 180 days. In case of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds with the Extendable Maturity 
Structure (as defined below), the calculation and amount of the principal payment for the purpose of 
determining the net liquidity outflow is determined with respect to the extended maturity date. 
In case the Issuer is subject to liquidity requirements set out in other acts of the European Union that 
result in an overlap with the Liquidity Buffer, the provisions of the Czech Act on Bonds regulating 
Liquidity Buffer do not apply for the period provided for in those acts of the European Union. 
Statutory Cover Tests

--- Page 346 ---
- 346 - 
 
 
 
Firstly, the aggregate nominal value of all the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool must represent 
at least 102 per cent. of the aggregate value of all debts covered by the relevant Cover Pool, i.e. resulting 
in a minimum 2 per cent. statutory over-collateralisation (the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test). For 
the purposes of the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test, 1 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds must always be added to the aggregate value of all debts covered 
by the Cover Pool as an expected value of (i) a receivable of a Covered Block Administrator (as defined 
below); (ii) a receivable arising out of legal acts of a Covered Block Administrator undertaken for the 
benefit of the Cover Pool; (iii) a receivable of a common representative of the holders of the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds; and (vi) a receivable of another person specified in the relevant terms and 
conditions or the relevant prospectus that participated on the issuance of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds or on the administration of the Covered Block which serves to cover such debts. The terms and 
conditions of the respective Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds may set a higher over-collateralisation 
level. 
Secondly, the aggregate value of the Cover Assets in the Cover Pool has to represent at least 85 per cent. 
of the aggregate value of the debts covered by the Cover Pool, whereas only the Mortgage Loans may 
be used to fulfil this limit in respect of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Statutory 85% Test 
and together with the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test as the Statutory Cover Tests).  
The Issuer must (i) ensure that the Statutory Cover Tests are constantly complied with and (ii) within 25 
days after the end of each calendar quarter inform the CNB on whether and how the Issuer meets its 
duties under Section 28c of the Czech Bonds Act (including, but not limited to, compliance with the 
Statutory Cover Tests and the Statutory 100% Individual LTV Test (as defined below)). 
Mortgage Loans 
The nominal value of each Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan may not exceed 100 per cent. of the value 
of the Mortgaged Property (as described below in 4. Valuations of the Mortgaged Property below) (the 
Statutory 100% Individual LTV Test). However, this requirement does not operate as a strict 
eligibility criterion. Therefore, to the extent the nominal value of an individual Czech Bonds Act 
Mortgage Loan exceeds such limit (and only to that extent), it is disregarded for the purpose of 
calculating the Statutory Cover Tests. For the CRR Mortgage Loans, specific collateral value tests, as 
set out in the CRR, will apply. 
For a Mortgage Loan to be eligible to be included in the Cover Pool it must be secured by way of a 
legally perfected first ranked mortgage over real property (subject to the exceptions below) (including 
real property under construction) located in the Czech Republic, any other member state of the European 
Union or a member state of the EEA (the Mortgaged Property). A Mortgage Loan becomes eligible to 
be included in the Cover Pool as of the moment when the Issuer learns about the legal effects of the 
creation of the mortgage relating to the Mortgaged Property. The Issuer must have procedures in place 
to monitor that the Mortgaged Property is adequately insured against the risk of damage and that the 
insurance claim forms part of the respective Cover Pool. 
In addition, the following criteria apply to the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool: (i) the Mortgage Loans 
must be granted or legally owned by the Issuer or granted to the Issuer as a financial collateral pursuant 
to the Czech Act No. 408/2010 Coll., on Financial Collateral, as amended; (ii) the Mortgaged Property 
cannot be encumbered by a mortgage or a similar right of security of a third party, which would rank 
pari passu or in priority to the mortgage securing the repayment of the Mortgage Loans included in the 
Cover Assets Register; and (iii) a transfer of any Mortgaged Property securing the Mortgage Loan cannot 
be restricted by previously created disposals prohibition, provided that the Mortgaged Property is not 
considered to be subject to a prior ranking security interest or disposal prohibition if they cease to exist 
as a result of repayment of the obligations secured by them from the proceeds of the relevant Mortgage 
Loan. If the criteria under paragraphs (ii) and (iii) are not fulfilled, the nominal value of such Mortgage 
Loan shall be for the purpose of calculating the Statutory Cover Tests equal to zero. 
In the case of a borrower's default pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR (or based on a fulfilment of stricter 
conditions set out in the relevant terms and conditions), the nominal value of the Cover Assets included 
in the Cover Pool is for the purpose of both Statutory Cover Tests decreased by 100 per cent.

--- Page 347 ---
- 347 - 
 
 
 
Additionally, Section 28c of the Czech Bonds Act stipulates that an issuer of covered bonds that bear 
the designation “CRR” or “evropský krytý dluhopis (prémiový) (in English, “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” or its translation in official language in the European Union in their title must ensure that 
the covered bonds fulfil criteria pursuant to Article 129 of the CRR. Only those covered bonds that fulfil 
the criteria of Article 129 of the CRR may bear the designation “CRR” or “evropský krytý dluhopis 
(prémiový) (in English, “European Covered Bond (Premium)” or its translation in official language in 
the European Union in their title. 
4. 
VALUATIONS OF THE MORTGAGED PROPERTY 
The Issuer must determine the value of the Mortgaged Property (the Mortgaged Property Value) and 
issue guidelines for these valuations in the form of its internal rules (the Valuation Guidelines) while 
respecting the principles set out below. Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the value of the Mortgaged 
Property is determined by the Issuer either as open market value (in Czech, cena obvyklá) or as market 
value (in Czech, tržní hodnota) in accordance with the Czech Act No. 151/1997 Coll., as amended (the 
Property Valuation Act), and with special regard to: (i) characteristics of the Mortgaged Property 
which are sustainable on a permanent and a long-term basis; (ii) income achievable by a third party 
while administering the Mortgaged Property with due care; (iii) rights and encumbrances attached to the 
Mortgaged Property; and (iv) conditions prevailing on the local real property market and anticipated 
development of that market. These conditions are similar, yet not identical to those set out in Article 4, 
point 74 of the CRR. 
The value of the Mortgaged Property must be determined by a person who possesses the necessary 
qualifications, ability and experience and who is independent from the credit decision process. During 
the valuation process such person must not take into account speculative elements and must document 
the value of the Mortgaged Property in a transparent and clear manner. 
5. 
VALUATIONS OF THE COVER ASSETS 
The value of the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool is, for the purpose of calculating the Statutory 
Cover Tests, expressed in their nominal value, while the value of the Derivatives is by default expressed 
in their real value in accordance with the international accounting standards governed by the Regulation 
No. 1126/2008 of the European Commission, adopting certain accounting standards in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended.  
Any Cover Asset the value of which, for the purpose of determining compliance with the Statutory 
Cover Tests, is zero nevertheless remains part of the Cover Pool until such asset is removed 
(deregistered) from the Cover Assets Register. 
6. 
COVERED BLOCK AND ITS MANAGEMENT 
Covered Block 
With the creation of one or more Cover Pools, the Issuer also creates one or more covered blocks, which 
are fully segregated and ring-fenced blocks of assets and liabilities (debts) of the Issuer (the Covered 
Block). The Covered Block constitutes the Cover Pool and the debts that it covers.  
The relevant Cover Pool covers both the debts from the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Covered 
Bonds Debts) that it covers and the debts related to those Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, which may 
be determined in the relevant terms and conditions or the prospectus of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds or in an agreement relating to the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, particularly of the following 
type: (i) a receivable of a Covered Block Administrator (as defined below); (ii) a receivable arising out 
of legal acts of a Covered Block Administrator undertaken for the benefit of the Cover Pool; (iii) a 
receivable of a common representative of the holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds; (iv) a 
receivable of counterparty of the Derivative arising under the Derivative or in direct connection with it 
(provided the relevant Derivative is registered in the Cover Assets Register); and (v) a receivable of 
another person specified in the relevant terms and conditions or the relevant prospectus that participated 
on the issuance of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds or on the administration of the Covered Block 
which serves to cover such debts (the Accessory Debts).

--- Page 348 ---
- 348 - 
 
 
 
Permission for Covered Block 
No later than on the date of issuance of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and throughout the period of 
the issuance of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Issuer must possess a permission for Covered 
Block (in Czech, povolení pro krytý blok) (the Permission for Covered Block). The Permission for 
Covered Block is granted by the CNB if the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
a programme of operations defines and covers the issuance of Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds; 
(b) 
policies, processes and methodologies for the approval, amendment, renewal and refinancing 
of loans or other assets included in the Cover Pool sufficiently ensure investor protection; 
(c) 
there is a management and staff dedicated to the Covered Block which have adequate 
qualifications and knowledge regarding the issue of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and its 
administration; and 
(d) 
an administrative set-up of the Cover Pool and the monitoring thereof meets the applicable 
requirements laid down under the Czech Bonds Act. 
The CNB may revoke the Permission for Covered Block if: 
(a) 
it has been issued based on false, misleading or incomplete information; 
(b) 
the conditions for granting the Permission for Covered Block are no longer met; or 
(c) 
the Issuer repeatedly or materially breached its duties under the Czech Bonds Act. 
Covered Block Records 
Pursuant to Section 32 of the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer must maintain records of Covered Blocks 
with respect to (i) each of its Cover Pools; and (ii) each issue of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
outstanding (the Covered Block Records). The Covered Block Records must provide complete 
information for assessing whether and how the Issuer fulfils its obligations under the Czech Bonds Act 
and the CNB Decree (i.e., the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test and the Statutory Cover Tests). 
Upon the appointment of the Covered Block Administrator (as defined below), the obligation to maintain 
the Covered Block Records shifts (to the full extent) from the Issuer to the Covered Block Administrator. 
Further details and requirements relating to maintaining of the Covered Block Records are set out in the 
CNB Decree. 
The Covered Block Records consist of (i) the Cover Assets Register; (ii) the records of the Accessory 
Assets (the Accessory Assets Records); (iii) the records of debts from Mortgage Covered Bonds 
outstanding (the Debts Records); and (iv) the records of Accessory Debts and debts related to assets 
under paragraphs (i) and (ii) (the Accessory Debts Records) each of them kept separately for each 
Covered Block that the Issuer has created. 
The Covered Block Records are not publicly available (i.e. Covered Block Records are not public 
registers) and the details contained therein are subject to banking secrecy rules set out in the Czech 
Banking Act. 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Covered Block Records must contain: (i) the list of the Covered Blocks; 
and (ii) comprehensive information about each of the Covered Blocks, including: (A) identification of 
the Covered Block itself; (B) the type of the Czech covered bonds; (C) information on whether the 
Covered Block includes Czech covered bonds which bear the “CRR” or “evropský krytý dluhopis 
(prémiový) (in English, “European Covered Bond (Premium)” compliance designation in their names; 
(D) higher limits going above the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test and the Statutory Cover Tests 
(if applicable under the terms and conditions of the relevant issue of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds); (E) identification of the currency in which the Covered Block Records are maintained; (F) the 
aggregate value of Covered Bonds Debts; (G) the aggregate value of the Accessory Debts; (H) the

--- Page 349 ---
- 349 - 
 
 
 
aggregate value of the Cover Assets for the purposes of the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test; (I) the 
aggregate value of the Cover Assets for the purposes of the Statutory 85 % Test; (J) the aggregate value 
of the Liquidity Buffer; (K) the value of the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow from the Covered 
Block for the next period of 180 days; and (L) conditions for the Extendable Maturity Structures (if 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds utilising the Extendable Maturity Structure have been issued by the 
Issuer). 
The Issuer must maintain the Covered Block Records in an electronic format enabling it to track and 
reproduce all the past entries and changes and keep the Covered Block Records up to date. The 
information listed above under letters (J) and (K) is to be updated monthly. The Covered Block Records 
are maintained based on documentation that justifies the inclusion of each particular asset or debt in the 
Covered Block. Such documentation would mainly include a loan agreement relating to the Mortgage 
Loan (including its amendments), documentation relating to the Mortgaged Property including the 
relevant security agreements, an up-to-date extract from the cadastral register of real property, the 
Mortgaged Property Value, the Valuation Guidelines and other documentation relating to each asset 
included in the Cover Pool and each issue of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
For conversion of any financial information contained in the Covered Block Records, the foreign 
exchange rate published by the CNB on the date of the conversion will be used. If no such exchange rate 
is available for the currency or currencies in question, the conversion in accordance with the Czech Act 
No. 563/1991 Coll., on Accounting, as amended, will be used. Employees of the department keeping 
the Covered Block Records must be provided with up-to-date, reliable and complete information in order 
to decide on including items into or removing items from the Covered Block Records or undertaking 
other activities related to the duties under the CNB Decree. 
Cover Assets Register 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Cover Assets Register must contain at least the following details in 
relation to each Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Assets Register: (i) the identification of the 
relevant Mortgage Loan; (ii) the type of the relevant Cover Asset based on categorisation as provided 
for in Article 129(1) of the CRR or in the Czech Bonds Act; (iii) information whether the relevant debtor 
is in default pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR; (iv) the identification of currency in which the relevant 
Mortgage Loan was concluded; (v) the mortgage lending value of the Mortgaged Property; (vi) the 
nominal value of the Mortgage Loan receivable; (vii) the nominal value of the Mortgage Loan receivable 
for the purposes of calculating the Statutory Cover Tests and the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test; 
and (viii) the maturity date of the Mortgage Loan receivable 
In relation to the Cover Assets other than the Mortgage Loans, the Cover Assets Register must contain 
at least: (i) identification of the relevant Cover Asset; (ii) determination of the type of such Cover Asset 
based on categorisation as provided for in Article 129(1) of the CRR or the Czech Bonds Act; (iii) 
information whether the debtor is in default pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR; (iv) type, trade date, 
effective date of a Derivative and name of the derivative counterparty, (v) currency or currencies in 
which the Cover Asset was entered into; (vi) value of the Cover Asset (or positive real value of the 
Derivative); and (vii) the value of the Cover Asset for the purpose of calculating of the Statutory Cover 
Tests and the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test. 
In addition to the information listed in the preceding paragraph, the Cover Assets Register must also 
contain at least the following details in relation to each Liquid Asset: (i) the type of the Liquid Asset 
(including the level of the asset or the type of short-term exposure, as applicable); and (ii) the value of 
the Liquid Asset. 
Accessory Assets Records 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Accessory Assets Records must contain at least the following details 
in relation to each Accessory Asset: (i) the identification of the relevant Accessory Asset; (ii) the 
identification of the relevant contract(s) relating to the Accessory Asset; (iii) the identification of the 
Derivative's security; (iv) indication as to whether it is possible to use the security for the purposes of 
the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test; (v) currency/currencies in which the Accessory Asset was 
arranged; and (vi) real value of the security pursuant to paragraph (iii) in the currency in which the 
Accessory Assets Records are being kept.

--- Page 350 ---
- 350 - 
 
 
 
Debts Records 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Debts Records must contain at least the following details in relation to 
each issue: (i) the identification of the relevant issue; (ii) the issue date; (iii) the maturity date of the 
issue; (iv) the currency or currencies in which the debt was concluded; (v) the nominal value of the 
outstanding issue; (vi) the value of the accrued and unpaid proceeds from the issue in the currency in 
which the Debts Record is kept; and (vii) the nominal value of the unissued part of the issue if it serves 
for the identification of the debts for which the relevant Cover Pool serves as a cover in the currency in 
which the Debts Record is kept.  
Accessory Debts Records 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Accessory Debts Records must contain at least the following details in 
relation to each Accessory Debt included in the Accessory Debts Records: (i) the identification of the 
respective Accessory Debt; (ii) the identification of the type of the Accessory Debt; (iii) the currency or 
currencies in which the respective Accessory Debt was concluded; and (iv) the nominal value of the 
Accessory Debt in the currency in which the Accessory Debts Records are kept; save for the case of an 
Accessory Debt arising from a Derivative in which case the value of debt is recorded as a negative real 
value of such a Derivative. 
7. 
EXTENDABLE MATURITY STRUCTURES 
Subject to meeting certain requirements stipulated thereunder, the Czech Bonds Act allows for the 
issuance of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds which provides for the possibility of extending their 
scheduled maturity for a pre-determined period of time in the event that a specific trigger event occurs 
(the Extendable Maturity Structures). 
Under the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds may be issued with the Extendable 
Maturity Structures, if the investor protection is ensured by at least the following: 
(a) 
the maturity of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds is extended only in case the following 
trigger events occur as at their maturity date or as at another date specified in the terms and 
conditions of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the Issuer or the Covered Block Administrator does not repay all the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds of a particular series in due time; 
(ii) 
any of the Triggers for the Appointment of the Covered Block Administrator (as 
defined below) occurs; 
(iii) 
a crisis resolution measure (in Czech, opatření k řešení krize) has been imposed in 
respect of the Issuer or a write-down or conversion of eligible liabilities or intragroup 
eligible liabilities pursuant to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act has taken place; 
(iv) 
an event pursuant to Article 54(1)(a)(i) or (ii) of the CRR occurs; or 
(v) 
the Issuer does not the meet the requirement for the Liquidity Buffer or would not, as 
a result of a repayment of the relevant Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, meet the 
liquidity requirements pursuant to the directly applicable EU act (the Maturity 
Extension Triggers); 
(b) 
the information provided to investors about the maturity structure is sufficient to enable them 
to determine the risk of the Czech Mortgage Bonds, and includes a detailed description of: 
(i) 
the Maturity Extension Triggers; 
(ii) 
the consequences for a maturity extension of the insolvency or resolution of the 
Issuer; and

--- Page 351 ---
- 351 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
the role of the CNB and the Covered Block Administrator with regard to the maturity 
extension; and 
(c) 
the final maturity date of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds is at all times determinable. 
In the event of the insolvency or resolution of the Issuer, maturity extensions do not affect the ranking 
of investors in the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds or invert the sequencing of the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds original maturity schedule. 
The Issuer or the Covered Block Administrator must, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, notify the holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds about the 
maturity extension taking place in the manner and within the time period stipulated under the terms and 
conditions of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The maturity extension does not change the structural features of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
and of the Covered Block. 
8. 
INVESTOR INFORMATION 
Under the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer must provide information about its Covered Block that is 
sufficiently detailed to allow investors to assess the profile and risks of the Covered Block and to carry 
out their due diligence. 
The information must be provided via the Issuer’s websites at least on a quarterly basis and must include 
at least the following minimum information: 
(a) 
the value of the Cover Pool and outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
a list of the International Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs) for all Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued under that Covered Block to which an ISIN has been attributed; 
(c) 
the geographical distribution and type of Cover Assets, their loan size and valuation method; 
(d) 
details in relation to market risk, including interest rate risk and currency risk, and credit and 
liquidity risks; 
(e) 
the maturity structure of Cover Assets and Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, including an 
overview of the Maturity Extension Triggers, if applicable; 
(f) 
the levels of required and available coverage, and the levels of statutory, contractual and 
voluntary overcollateralisation; and 
(g) 
the percentage of loans where a default is considered to have occurred pursuant to Article 178 
of the CRR and in any case where the loans are more than 90 days past due. 
9. 
CONSEQUENCES OF CERTAIN ISSUER'S SHORTCOMINGS 
Czech Banking Act 
Under the Czech Banking Act, the CNB may take certain steps or actions against or impose certain 
measures upon the Issuer, being a bank with its seat in the Czech Republic and holding a Czech banking 
licence (a Czech Bank), provided that the CNB finds "shortcomings in the activities" of the Issuer (the 
Shortcomings). The CNB may only take such steps or actions or impose measures for so long as the 
Issuer holds its banking licence (i.e. before its banking licence has been revoked by the CNB) and until 
insolvency proceedings under the Czech Insolvency Act have been commenced against the Issuer. 
The Czech Banking Act contains a list of the Shortcomings, which includes, in particular, the violation 
or breach of obligations or terms set out in (i) the Czech Banking Act; (ii) a legal act implementing the 
Czech Banking Act; (iii) a measure of a general nature issued pursuant to the Czech Banking Act (in

--- Page 352 ---
- 352 - 
 
 
 
Czech, opatření obecné povahy); (iv) a decision issued pursuant to the Czech Banking Act (in Czech, 
rozhodnutí); (v) the directly applicable legal act of the European Union (in Czech, přímo použitelný 
právní předpis Evropské unie) regulating prudential requirements; or (vi) the Issuer's banking licence or 
such other breach discovered during an inspection or official review of the Issuer. Therefore, for 
instance, failure by the Issuer to comply with the applicable Statutory Cover Tests (as set out in section 
section 3. Cover Assets, Liquidity Buffer and Statutory Cover Tests above), may lead to the CNB taking 
steps or actions against, or imposing measures, upon the Issuer. 
Upon the discovery of the Shortcoming, and depending on the nature and gravity of that Shortcoming, 
the CNB may impose certain remedial measures on the Issuer (each a Measure), including but not 
limited to: (a) requiring the Issuer to suspend or terminate certain trades which would represent a risk 
for the Issuer; (b) requiring the Issuer to limit its distribution network; (c) requiring the Issuer to replace 
a member of its Board of Directors or its supervisory board (the Supervisory Board); (d) requiring the 
Issuer to decrease its shareholding in another entity or to transfer its shareholding in that entity or to 
otherwise limit the risks associated with its shareholding in that entity; (e) amending the Issuer's banking 
licence by excluding or restricting some banking activities stated therein; (f) ordering an extraordinary 
audit of the Issuer; or (g) restricting or prohibiting certain activities of the Issuer with persons who are 
closely associated with the Issuer (in Czech, osoby, které jsou spjaty úzkým propojením s bankou) or 
persons who are a part of the same consolidated unit or persons with special relations to the Issuer (in 
Czech, osoby se zvláštním vztahem k bance). Section 19 of the Czech Banking Act defines persons with 
special relations to the Issuer as, among others: (i) members of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer; (ii) 
members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer; (iii) persons controlling the Issuer, shareholders who 
have a qualified holding in such controlling persons and management of these two; (iv) persons closely 
associated with a member of the Board of Directors, Supervisory Board and board of non-executive 
directors, members of the audit, risk, appointment and remuneration committee or a person controlling 
the Issuer; (v) an entity in which a person mentioned in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above has a qualified 
holding; (vi) a person with a qualified holding in the Issuer and any person controlled by them; (vii) a 
member of the banking council of the CNB; and (viii) entities controlled by the Issuer (the Connected 
Persons). 
In case of continuing serious Shortcomings of the Issuer, the CNB may revoke its banking licence. The 
Issuer's banking licence may also be revoked by the CNB in other cases specified in the Czech Banking 
Act, including insolvency of the Issuer or a decision finding that the Issuer seriously breached its 
obligations under laws preventing money laundering and financing of terrorism. 
Czech Bonds Act 
If the Issuer, as the issuer of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, breaches obligations placed on him 
under the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB may (i) impose remedial measure requiring the Issuer to remove 
the relevant identified shortcomings, (ii) restrict or limit the issuance of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds or (iii) issue a public statement on the nature of the breach which indicate the identity of the 
natural or legal person (each a Czech Bonds Act Measure). 
Fulfilment of the Czech Bonds Act Measure may be enforced by the CNB by means of imposing a 
coercive fine up to CZK 5,000,000. Such penalty may be imposed repeatedly. 
10. 
CZECH RESOLUTION AND RECOVERY ACT 
As long as the Issuer, being a Czech Bank, holds its banking licence issued by the CNB, the Czech 
Insolvency Act does not generally apply to it. However, the Issuer, as a Czech bank, is subject to the 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, which came into effect on 1 January 2016. The Czech Resolution 
and Recovery Act implements the BRRD into Czech law, which seeks to establish a common framework 
for the orderly recovery and resolution of failing (or likely to fail) credit institutions and investment 
firms within the European Union (as well as of entities within their group if deemed relevant).  
Responsibility for the operation of the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act rests almost exclusively with 
the CNB as the competent resolution authority while the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic 
holds some joint powers together with the CNB in adopting and applying the governmental stabilisation 
tools (including the temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of a Czech Bank such as 
the Issuer.

--- Page 353 ---
- 353 - 
 
 
 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for a special resolution regime applicable to a Czech 
Bank (such as the Issuer) and distinguishes between two basic sets of measures and tools. These 
measures and tools are crisis prevention measures (in Czech, opatření k předcházení krizí) and crisis 
resolution measures (in Czech, opatření k řešení krize). The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act also 
deals with certain other matters.  
The crisis prevention measures represent, for the most part, early intervention measures and as such can 
be described as pre-resolution measures or tools. Their main goal is to remedy potential Shortcomings 
of, among others, Czech Banks such as the Issuer, including by virtue of breaches or series of breaches 
of the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act or the Czech Banking Act (including various deficiencies or 
impediments to recoverability of the Issuer) and prevent such Shortcomings, which may result from a 
rapid deterioration of their financial condition, and in turn, prevent the spread of financial problems 
among Czech Banks (including the Issuer) and other entities subject to the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act. Accordingly, the CNB may, among other things, gradually (i) impose specific 
administration measures on the Issuer in order to remedy the Shortcomings or breaches and/or address 
or remove deficiencies or impediments to recoverability (these measures broadly correspond to those 
set out in Article 27 of the BRRD as implemented in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act); (ii) 
remove the members of the Issuer's Board of Directors and make the appointment of new members of 
the Issuer's Board of Directors conditional upon the CNB's prior consent; or (iii) impose temporary 
administration of the Issuer by virtue of the appointment of one or more temporary administrators (who 
would be appointed by the CNB in order to facilitate the functions of the Issuer's Board of Directors and 
senior management while the temporary administration may last for up to 12 months, unless extended 
by the CNB). 
The primary effect of temporary administration is that a temporary administrator with adequate 
qualification and capabilities is appointed by the CNB to help manage and run the Issuer. The precise 
function and powers of the temporary administrator under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act are 
specified by the CNB at the time of appointment and can include various investigatory and management 
consultation powers, granting prior approvals to decisions of the Issuer's Board of Directors and senior 
management or powers to actually manage the Issuer whereby the exercise of the powers by the Issuer's 
Board of Directors and senior management (but not those by the general or shareholders' meeting) is 
suspended (fully or in part) and the temporary administrator, appointed by the CNB, takes over their 
functions. 
The general conditions to the exercise of crisis resolution measures set out in the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act require that (i) the Issuer is failing; (ii) having regard to all circumstances, there is no 
reasonable prospect that any other measure would prevent the failure of the Issuer; and (iii) the resolution 
action is necessary in the public interest. Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the Issuer is 
deemed to be failing when (i) it meets the conditions for the withdrawal of its banking licence, 
particularly due to a loss that causes or may cause significant decrease in the amount of its capital; (ii) 
its liabilities exceed the value of its assets; (iii) it is unable to pay its debts as they fall due. or (iv) it 
requires extraordinary public support (except in limited circumstances). Should the Issuer be failing, its 
Board of Directors must notify the CNB. Crisis resolution measures are in the public interest if it is 
necessary and one or more of the resolution objectives would not be met to the same extent by the 
winding-up or insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer. 
The relevant provisions of the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act contain further specific conditions 
for various individual crisis resolution measures such as a transfer to a private sector purchaser, a bridge 
institution or an asset management entity or applying government stabilisation tools (including a transfer 
to temporary public ownership (nationalisation)). 
In the case of a special management for crisis resolution, either the CNB through one or more of its 
employees directly or a special manager (or administrator) appointed by the CNB takes over, and the 
authority of the Issuer's Board of Directors and supreme body (i.e. shareholders' meeting) is 
automatically fully suspended. As a result, the relevant bodies of the Issuer (and their powers) are 
replaced with the CNB or the special manager for crisis resolution. The special management for crisis 
resolution may last for up to 12 months, unless extended by the CNB.  
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act further provides for the following crisis resolution measures: 
(i) a transfer of the shares of the Issuer or assets or liabilities of the Issuer or part thereof to a private

--- Page 354 ---
- 354 - 
 
 
 
sector purchaser (Sale of business tool); (ii) a transfer of the shares of the Issuer or assets or liabilities 
of the Issuer or part thereof to a bridge institution that is wholly or partially owned (directly or indirectly) 
and controlled by the Czech Republic (Bridge institution tool); (iii) a transfer of all or part of the assets 
or liabilities of the Issuer to an asset management entity owned (directly or indirectly) and controlled by 
the Czech Republic (Asset separation tool); (iv) a write-down of certain claims of unsecured creditors 
of the relevant entity and/or conversion of certain unsecured debt claims (eligible liabilities) to equity 
(Bail-in tool), which equity could also be subject to any future write-down; and (v) a government 
stabilisation tool including public equity support and a temporary stabilisation comprising a transfer to 
temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of the Issuer. These crisis resolution measures 
are achieved through the exercise of one or more "crisis resolution powers" detailed in the Czech 
Resolution and Recovery Act, which enable share transfers, property transfers, bail-in of capital 
instruments and eligible liabilities and recognition of the effect of a third country special resolution 
action taken under the laws of a country outside the EEA. 
The CNB further has certain wide powers pursuant to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act including, 
in certain circumstances, powers to unilaterally cancel a contract or modify contractual arrangements or 
transfer all rights and obligations under a contract as well as some other ancillary resolution powers in 
order to enable the crisis resolution measures under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act to be used 
effectively. As regards these resolution powers to unilaterally cancel a contract or modify contractual 
arrangements or transfer all rights and obligations under a contract (which would include the Terms and 
Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, any agreements or contracts entered into in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds and rights and obligations under the same), the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act contains specific safeguards in respect of certain "protected rights and liabilities".  
Similarly, with respect to share and property transfers, and most notably partial property transfers, which 
could be used by the CNB in applying any of the Sale of business tool, the Bridge institution tool or the 
Asset separation tool, the concern is that the CNB could use such power to "cherry-pick" certain rights 
and obligations in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or any Cover Pool or otherwise interfere with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or rights and obligations under the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. Accordingly, the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for various 
protections from the effect of partial property transfers. Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, 
a transfer or passage of property, rights and liabilities under legal arrangements or relationships that 
qualify as "protected rights and liabilities", may not provide for the transfer or passage of only some, 
but not all such "protected rights and liabilities". The "protected rights and liabilities" under legal 
arrangements or relationships under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act in turn comprise, 
irrespective of their number of parties, governing law and contractual or statutory basis, among other 
things, covered bonds as well as structured finance arrangements, including securitisations and 
instruments used for hedging which form an integral part of any Cover Pool and which are secured in a 
way similar to the covered bonds. 
The relevant safeguards contained in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provide that a partial 
property transfer may not provide for the transfer of only some, but not all, of the "protected rights and 
liabilities" under the Czech covered bonds, which technically means that the CNB must not (i) decide 
on the transfer or passage of any Cover Asset in any Cover Pool without the simultaneous passage of 
the Czech covered bonds; or (ii) decide on the transfer or passage of any Czech covered bonds without 
the simultaneous passage of the benefit of the Cover Assets in any Cover Pool.  
The Bail-in tool represents one of the crisis resolution measures under the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act. In this process, losses are imposed on some of the Issuer's direct stakeholders by either a 
write-down of their claims or by their conversion to equity. The purpose of the Bail-in tool is to offset 
losses and/or recapitalise all or a part of the Issuer or its successor entity. This tool is exercised by the 
CNB through a write down of certain claims of unsecured creditors of the Issuer and/or conversion of 
certain unsecured debt claims (eligible liabilities) to equity, which equity (i.e. capital instruments which 
may take the form of Common Equity Tier 1 instruments) could also be subject to any future write-
down. The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act stipulates certain specific conditions to exercise of the 
Bail-in tool, which the CNB will be obliged to observe. The effect of exercise of the Bail-in tool by the 
CNB is broadly that (i) the nominal value or the amount of principal of an eligible liability owed by the 
Issuer is permanently decreased as a result of the partial write-down or partial conversion to equity; or 
(ii) an eligible liability owed by the Issuer is cancelled altogether as a result of the full write-down or 
cancelled and modified as a result of full conversion to equity.

--- Page 355 ---
- 355 - 
 
 
 
The scope of eligible liabilities (which can be subject to the Bail-in tool) includes all liabilities of the 
Issuer, unless such liabilities are explicitly excluded. In line with the BRRD, the rules explicitly exclude 
from the scope of eligible liabilities, among other things, any liabilities owed by the Issuer under covered 
bonds up to the value of all assets that are included in the relevant Cover Pool. On the basis of the Czech 
Resolution and Recovery Act, therefore, the exercise by the CNB of the Bail-in tool in relation to the 
Issuer could only affect any liabilities owed by the Issuer under the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the 
extent that they are not covered and exceed the values of assets included in the International Cover Pool.  
Finally, the application of any of crisis prevention measures and crisis resolution measures under the 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act does not per se trigger any segregation or ring-fencing of the assets 
in any Cover Pool from the rest of the Issuer's assets.  
11. 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER AND THE COVER POOL 
The Czech Insolvency Act does not apply to the Issuer, being a Czech Bank, for so long as it holds its 
banking licence. The Issuer's banking licence may only be revoked by the CNB if there are significant 
Shortcomings (see section 9. Consequences of Certain Issuer's Shortcomings above) and in certain other 
cases specified by the Czech Banking Act. The application of crisis resolution measurers and tools (as 
described above in section 10. Czech Resolution and Recovery Act above) may but does not have to 
precede the revocation of the Issuer's banking licence. The Czech Insolvency Act distinguishes between: 
(a) 
Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings (as defined below) (in Czech, zahájení 
insolvenčního řízení) against the Issuer; 
(b) 
declaration of insolvency (in Czech, rozhodnutí o úpadku) (the Declaration of Insolvency); 
and 
(c) 
declaration of bankruptcy (in Czech, rozhodnutí o prohlášení konkursu) (the Declaration of 
Bankruptcy). 
The Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings means only the commencement of the court 
proceedings ascertaining whether insolvency (in Czech, úpadek) or threatened insolvency (in Czech, 
hrozící úpadek) of the Issuer exists. The occurrence of these proceedings does not automatically lead to 
the Declaration of Insolvency or the Declaration of Bankruptcy. 
The insolvency proceedings are commenced by an insolvency petition (in Czech, insolvenční návrh) 
which may be filed by the Issuer itself, a creditor of the Issuer or the CNB. After the Commencement of 
Insolvency Proceedings, the insolvency court would examine whether the Issuer is insolvent, and if the 
court finds so, it would declare the Issuer insolvent. 
As of the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings, the Czech Insolvency Act imposes specific 
restrictions on the Issuer as well as on the Issuer's creditors to protect the general insolvency estate (in 
Czech, majetková podstata) (the General Insolvency Estate). Specifically, as of the moment of 
publication of an insolvency petition and unless the insolvency court rules otherwise, the Issuer is 
obliged to refrain from any dispositions with the assets that form part of the General Insolvency Estate 
and those assets which may potentially belong there, provided that such dispositions would cause 
significant changes in the composition, usage or determination of these assets or a reduction, other than 
negligible reduction, of these assets. Also, the Issuer's monetary obligations which arose before the 
Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings can only be performed by the Issuer to the extent permitted 
under the terms of the Czech Insolvency Act. All the Issuer's actions contradicting these limitations are 
ineffective vis-à-vis its creditors, unless taken with the prior consent of the insolvency court. These 
restrictions do not apply, in particular, to the Issuer's actions necessary for (i) the performance of the 
obligations stipulated by special regulation; (ii) operating its business within the ordinary course of 
business; (iii) diversion of imminent damage; (iv) the performance of procedural sanctions; and (v) the 
performance of receivables against the General Insolvency Estate (in Czech, pohledávky za majetkovou 
podstatou) and receivables set at the same level as receivables against the General Insolvency Estate (in 
Czech, pohledávky postavené na roveň pohledávkám za majetkovou podstatou). 
If the insolvency court finds it necessary for the protection of the General Insolvency Estate, it may, at 
its discretion, for the period from the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings until the Declaration

--- Page 356 ---
- 356 - 
 
 
 
of Bankruptcy, issue a preliminary injunction prohibiting the Issuer from making dispositions with the 
assets in the General Insolvency Estate or by making such dispositions subject to the approval of the 
preliminary insolvency administrator's (in Czech, předběžný správce), who is appointed by the 
insolvency court (the Preliminary Injunction). The insolvency court may further order the Issuer's 
debtors to perform their obligations to the preliminary insolvency administrator rather than to the Issuer. 
For a Czech Bank as the Issuer there is only one available method of resolving insolvency, which is 
bankruptcy (in Czech, konkurs). The insolvency court would always decide simultaneously on the 
Declaration of Insolvency to confirm the state of affairs (i.e., that the Issuer is insolvent) and on the 
Declaration of Bankruptcy to decide on the method to resolve the insolvency. The outcome of 
bankruptcy would be that all the Issuer's assets would be liquidated and the Issuer wound up. As of the 
moment of the Declaration of Bankruptcy, among other things, the Issuer's right to dispositions with the 
General Insolvency Estate is transferred to the court appointed insolvency administrator (in Czech, 
insolvenční správce) (the Insolvency Administrator) and any subsequent legal acts of the Issuer are 
ineffective vis-à-vis its creditors. As of the publication of the Declaration of Bankruptcy, the liquidation 
of the Issuer would be interrupted and any preliminary injunctions (including Preliminary Injunctions) 
issued so far (unless the insolvency court decides otherwise) cease to apply. 
If the insolvency proceedings are initiated in respect of the Issuer, the proceedings are limited to the 
General Insolvency Estate. The Commencement of the Insolvency Proceedings does not cause the 
obligations and debts in respect of the Covered Block to become due and payable. 
The Covered Blocks in the Issuer's insolvency and in certain other cases 
Section 375(3) of the Czech Insolvency Act provides that neither the Commencement of Insolvency 
Proceedings nor the Declaration of Insolvency and the Declaration of Bankruptcy shall affect the Issuer's 
Covered Blocks in any way. Further, the Czech Insolvency Act explicitly provides that the Cover Pool 
created in accordance with the provisions of the Czech Bonds Act is not a part of the Issuer's General 
Insolvency Estate. Therefore, all of the assets in the Cover Pool remain ring-fenced and thus segregated 
from any other assets of the Issuer which fall within the Issuer's General Insolvency Estate. If an asset 
is removed from the Cover Assets Register, it is no longer protected and becomes a part of the Issuer's 
insolvency estate. 
Section 32a of the Czech Bonds Act provides that, without undue delay after (i) the CNB has filed an 
insolvency petition seeking the Declaration of Insolvency of the Issuer, (ii) the Commencement of the 
Insolvency Proceedings, (iii) the Issuer has entered into liquidation or (iv) the CNB has revoked the 
Issuer's banking licence (the Triggers for the Appointment of the Covered Block Administrator), 
the CNB appoints an involuntary covered block administrator (in Czech, nucený správce krytých bloků) 
(the Covered Block Administrator). 
Upon its appointment, the Covered Block Administrator manages all the Covered Blocks of the Issuer. 
The administration of the Covered Blocks by the Covered Block Administrator ends after (i) Transfer 
of the Covered Block (as defined below) or (ii) the Cover Pool Liquidation (as defined below) has been 
completed. In order to ensure the proper management of the Covered Block, only (i) another Czech bank 
or (ii) a bank having its seat in another EU or EEA member state that issues securities comparable to 
Czech covered bonds or manages assets that are comparable to the Cover Assets (the Eligible Entity) 
may be appointed as the Covered Block Administrator by the CNB. The Czech Bonds Act also ensures 
that no conflict of interests will occur in respect of managing these separate parts of the estate of the 
Issuer. The Insolvency Administrator, an interim administrator, a liquidator or any other person who 
could potentially act in the conflict of interests with the interests of the holders of the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds may not be the same person as the Covered Block Administrator. 
The Covered Block Administrator is charged with management of the Covered Blocks and is obliged to 
act with professional care while always respecting and promoting the best interests of the holders of the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Any legal act that relates to an asset registered in Cover Asset Register 
which is not a discharge of a debt and which has been made by a person other than the Covered Block 
Administrator without his consent has no legal effect. The Covered Block Administrator may enter into 
an arrangement either for the benefit or to the detriment of the Covered Block only in order to improve 
liquidity or hedge against risk.

--- Page 357 ---
- 357 - 
 
 
 
Where, after the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings, the aggregate value of the Cover Assets in 
the Cover Pool is lower than the total nominal value of the debts for whose cover the Cover Pool serves 
(the Over-indebted Covered Block), the Covered Block Administrator shall quantify the claims of the 
holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and of the creditors of the Accessory Debts to the extent 
in which they are not covered by the Cover Pool and, without undue delay, shall send the quantification 
to the insolvency court within the period stipulated by the law for the registration of claims in the 
insolvency proceedings. Upon delivery of the quantification to the insolvency court, the respective 
claims contained therein are deemed to be registered. Only in the case where the Covered Block 
Administration fails to send the quantification to the insolvency court without undue delay within the 
period stipulated by the law for the registration of claims in the insolvency proceedings, the holders of 
the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and creditors of Accessory Debts may register their respective 
claims to the extent in which they are not covered by the Cover Pool with the insolvency court within 
the period of 1 year from the moment the period stipulated by the law for the registration of claims in 
the insolvency proceedings has elapsed. The portion of the claims registered with the insolvency court 
mentioned above would rank pari passu with all the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and be satisfied on a pro rata basis with all other general creditors' claims (i. e. the portions of 
the claims concerned will be satisfied from the General Insolvency Estate). 
Also, the Czech Bonds Act contains express provisions regarding the segregation of the cash flows from 
the assets in the Cover Pool, following the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings, Declaration of 
Insolvency, Declaration of Bankruptcy or other situations when the Covered Block Administrator must 
be appointed by the CNB, as provided for in the Czech Bonds Act. The Covered Block Administrator is 
upon its appointment obliged to open a separate account for the purpose of collecting payments 
representing repayments of the debts from the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool and, 
alternatively, the debts relating to the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool. But, on the other hand, 
the cash flows received from the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool before the Covered Block 
Administrator has been appointed will not become part of the Cover Pool.  
The General Insolvency Estate is administered by the Insolvency Administrator. The Insolvency 
Administrator must co-operate with the Covered Block Administrator to ensure the proper management 
of the Covered Block. The holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds may not give any instructions 
to the Insolvency Administrator and the Insolvency Administrator must uphold the common interest of 
all of the Issuer's creditors. 
After the satisfaction of all of the creditors' claims, any part of the Cover Pool remaining will be used to 
satisfy all the other general creditors' claims in accordance with the court-approved distribution 
schedule. 
If the case of the Over-indebted Covered Block, the Covered Block Administrator may decide on a 
proportional (pari passu) decrease of debts from the Czech Mortgage Covered bonds and Accessory 
Debt (save for (i) a receivable of a Covered Block Administrator; (ii); (ii) a receivable of a common 
representative of the holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds; and (iii) a receivable of 
counterparty of the Derivative arising under the Derivative or in direct connection with it (provided the 
relevant Derivative is registered in the Cover Assets Register))56 for whose cover the Cover Pool serves, 
resulting in a removal of the decreased amount of such debts from the Covered Block (the Pari Passu 
Haircut). Claims deriving from the portion of debts from the Czech Mortgage Covered bonds and 
Accessory Debt which, as a result of Pari Passu Haircut, ceased to be part of the Covered Block may be 
registered for the purposes of insolvency proceedings with the insolvency court by Covered Block 
Administrator, Czech Covered Bondholder or a creditor of the relevant Accessory Debt at any time 
during the insolvency proceedings (irrespective whether the period for registration of claims in the 
insolvency proceedings elapsed) save for when such claims have already been registered for the purposes 
of the insolvency proceedings by means of the Covered Block Administrator sending the quantification 
of the claims of the holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and of the creditors of the Accessory 
 
56 Note that the reference contained in the Section 32e(1) of the Czech Bonds Act to the types of Accessory Assets which may not be subject 
to the Pari Passu Haircut is likely incorrect due to the changes made in the list of Accessory Assets contained in Section 31a(4) of the Czech 
Bonds Act which was subject to the changes during the course of the legislative process of the amendments thereto. It is likely that the 
intention of the legislator was in fact to exclude the Accesory Assets of the following type from the Pari Passu Haircut: (i) a receivable of a 
Covered Block Administrator; (ii) a receivable of a common representative of holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds; and (iii) a 
receivable of another person specified in the relevant terms and conditions or the relevant prospectus that participated on the issuance of the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds or on the administration of the Covered Block which serves to cover such debts.

--- Page 358 ---
- 358 - 
 
 
 
Debts to the extent in which they are not covered by the Cover Pool to the insolvency court within the 
period stipulated by the law for the registration of claims in the insolvency proceedings (see above). 
Upon its appointment, the Covered Block Administrator may also and irrespective whether the Pari 
Passu Haircut occurred (i) decide on realisation of all assets in the Cover Pool and consequently proceed 
with early repayment of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds either partial or in full (the Cover Pool 
Liquidation), (ii) decide on realisation of selected assets in the Cover Pool (the Liquidation of Selected 
Assets) or (iii) decide that it will continue to manage the Covered Block. 
The Pari Passu Haircut, the Cover Pool Liquidation and Liquidation of Selected Assets require the prior 
consent of the CNB, which the CNB shall grant if it determines that it is in the interest of the holders of 
the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, for its validity. No further approval, notification or consent is 
required for the Pari Passu Haircut, the Cover Pool Liquidation and the Liquidation of Selected Assets 
to be effective. If the meeting of the holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds adopts a decision 
on the Pari Passu Haircut, the Cover Pool Liquidation or the Liquidation of Selected Assets, the Covered 
Block Administrator is bound by such a decision and is obliged to make a request for the consent of the 
CNB to proceed with the Pari Passu Haircut, the Cover Pool Liquidation or the Liquidation of the 
Selected Assets. 
If the proceeds from the Cover Pool Liquidation are not sufficient to satisfy the claims of the holders of 
the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and of the creditors of the Accessory Debts in full, the unsatisfied 
portion of those claims may be registered for the purposes of insolvency proceedings with the insolvency 
court by the Czech Covered Bondholder or a creditor of the relevant Accessory Debt at any time during 
the insolvency proceedings (irrespective whether the period for registration of claims in the insolvency 
proceedings elapsed) save for when such claims have already been registered for the purposes of the 
insolvency proceedings by means of the Covered Block Administrator sending the quantification of the 
claims of the holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and of the creditors of the Accessory Debts 
to the extent in which they are not covered by the Cover Pool to the insolvency court within the period 
stipulated by the law for the registration of claims in the insolvency proceedings (see above). Such 
claims will rank pari passu with all the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will 
be satisfied on a pro rata basis with all other general creditors' claims as already stated above.  
Upon its appointment, the Covered Block Administrator may further transfer the whole Covered Block 
and its management to another Eligible Entity (the Transfer of the Covered Block). The Covered Block 
Administrator may not transfer the Covered Block to itself. Apart from the consent of the CNB, which 
the CNB shall grant if it determines that the Transfer of the Covered Block is in the interests of the 
holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds), no further approval, notification or consent with the 
Transfer of the Covered Block is required for its validity. A transfer of the Covered Block made without 
such consent shall have no legal effects. The Czech Bonds Act further stipulates that if the meeting of 
holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds adopts a decision on Transfer of the Covered Block, the 
Covered Block Administrator is bound by such decision and is obliged to make a request for the consent 
of the CNB to proceed with such Transfer of the Covered Block. Also, the meeting of holders of the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds may decide on refusing the Transfer of the Covered Block and again, 
the Covered Block Administrator would be bound by such decision. 
The Transfer of the Covered Block has to be always done in relation to the Covered Block as a whole 
(i.e. assets and liabilities) and as a result it is not possible to transfer just the Cover Pool itself (i.e. only 
the assets).

--- Page 359 ---
- 359 - 
 
 
 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC AND REGULATION OF 
EMERGENCY MEASURES IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC 
The Terms and Conditions provide, inter alia, that the courts of Germany shall have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds. As the principal assets of 
the Issuer are located in the Czech Republic, any judgements rendered in disputes connected with the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds will likely be enforced in these two jurisdictions. 
The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments of civil courts in the Czech Republic is governed by EU 
law, public international treaties and domestic legislation. In relations among the EU Member States, Regulation 
(EU) 1215/2012, which recast Regulation (EC) 44/2001 (Brussels I Recast), is the governing law on the 
recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments in the Czech Republic. Based on this regulation, court rulings 
issued by any court authority in the EU member states, including Germany, with regard to civil and commercial 
matters are enforceable in the Czech Republic, subject to the rules of the Brussels I Recast and, vice versa, court 
rulings issued by court authorities in the Czech Republic with regard to civil and commercial matters are 
reciprocally enforceable in the EU member states, including Germany. 
According to the EC Regulation No. 593/2008 of 17 June 2008 on the law applicable to contractual obligations, 
parties to a contract may, subject to the terms set out therein, select the law which will govern their contractual 
relations in civil and commercial matters and Czech courts will give effect to such choice of law. Unless parties 
to the dispute agreed otherwise, or unless courts of a different member state have an exclusive jurisdiction, foreign 
entities are able to bring civil proceedings before Czech courts against individuals and legal entities domiciled 
therein. In court proceedings, Czech courts apply their respective national procedural rules and their judgments 
are enforceable in their respective jurisdictions, subject to certain statutory limitations on the ability of creditors 
to enforce judgments against certain assets. 
Any person bringing an action in the Czech Republic may be required to: (i) submit to the court a translation in 
the Czech language (apostilled if applicable pursuant to respective international treaties) of any relevant 
document prepared by a sworn translator authorised by such court; and (ii) pay a court filing fee. 
In the event that court judgments against the Issuer are issued by court bodies of non-EU member states, the 
following rules shall apply: 
In cases where the Czech Republic concluded a treaty with a specific country on the recognition and enforcement 
of court rulings, the enforcement of court rulings issued in such country is ensured in accordance with the 
provisions of the applicable international treaty. If no such treaty exists, then the rulings of foreign courts shall 
be recognized and enforced in the Czech Republic in accordance with the Czech Private International Law Act 
and other relevant legislation. In the event of a foreign ruling against a Czech individual or legal entity, such a 
foreign ruling shall be recognized and enforced if, among other things, actual reciprocity has been established 
regarding the recognition and enforcement of judgments rendered by Czech courts in the relevant country.  
The Czech Ministry of Justice may, upon a request of a Czech court, provide the court with declaration that 
reciprocity has been established with respect to a particular foreign country. If such declaration of reciprocity has 
not been issued with regard to a particular country, however, this does not automatically mean that reciprocity 
cannot be established in a given case. In such cases, the recognition of reciprocity would be assessed as part of 
the proceedings by the Czech court based on the actual situation in a given country with regard to the recognition 
of judgments of Czech authorities. 
On the other hand, even if reciprocity has been established and declared by the Ministry of Justice with respect 
to judgments issued by judicial bodies of a particular foreign country, such judgments may not be recognized and 
enforced under applicable provisions of Czech law if, for example: (i) the matter falls within the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of the Czech Republic, or in the event that the proceedings on recognition and 
enforcement could not have been conducted by any authority of a foreign state, should the provisions on the 
jurisdiction of Czech courts be applied for considering the jurisdiction of the foreign authority (unless the party 
against whom the decision was issued voluntarily submitted to the authority of the foreign body); (ii) a Czech 
court has issued or recognized a final judgment in the same matter, or proceedings regarding the same matter are 
pending before a Czech court; (iii) the foreign authority deprived the party to the proceedings against whom the 
judgment was made of the opportunity to properly participate in the proceedings (i.e., in particular, if such party 
had not been duly served for the purposes of the initiation of the proceedings); or (iv) the recognition of a foreign 
judgment would be contrary to the public order in the Czech Republic.

--- Page 360 ---
- 360 - 
 
 
 
The Government of the Czech Republic (or the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic, in specific cases) may, 
under the Czech Constitutional Act. No. 110/1998 Coll., on Security of the Czech Republic, as amended, declare 
a state of emergency. In line with the Czech Act No. 240/2000 Coll., on Crisis Management and on Amendments 
of Certain Acts (Crisis Act), as amended, if the state of emergency is declared, payments in foreign currency or 
abroad generally, interbank transfers of monies from abroad to the Czech Republic and/or sale of securities 
(including the Mortgage Covered Bonds) abroad may be suspended for the duration of such state of emergency. 
The state of emergency may be declared for a maximum period of 30 days. The duration, however, may be 
prolonged subject to prior consent of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic.

--- Page 361 ---
- 361 - 
 
 
 
THE INTERNATIONAL COVER POOL  
Notwithstanding any other definitions used in this Base Prospectus, for the purposes of interpretation of the terms 
used in this section, the terms shall be interpreted as set out in the Terms and Conditions.  
Composition of Assets 
Statutory Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Assets (the Statutory Eligibility Criteria) 
The Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree prescribe that a Cover Pool created by the Issuer may only consist 
of the Cover Assets and the Accessory Assets (for details see General Description of Czech Legislation relating 
to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 3. Cover Assets, Liquidity Buffer and Statutory Cover Tests above).  
The Statutory 85 % Test has to be complied on an on-going basis. Only the Mortgage Loans may be used to meet 
the Statutory 85 % Test. In relation to the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans, the Statutory 100 % Individual 
LTV Test will apply, whereas for the CRR Mortgage Loans, specific collateral value tests, as set out in the CRR, 
will apply (for details see General Description of Czech Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 3. 
Cover Assets, Liquidity Buffer and Statutory Cover Tests above). 
With the creation of one or more Cover Pools, the Issuer also creates a Covered Block. The Covered Block is 
constituted of the Cover Pool and the debts that it covers. 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Assets 
In addition to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer covenants to 
apply contractual eligibility criteria to the International Cover Pool (the Contractual Eligibility Criteria) and 
to ensure that the Contractual Eligibility Criteria are met by the International Cover Pool.  
The Contractual Eligibility Criteria are that: 
(a) 
the Mortgage Loans are governed by Czech law; 
(b) 
the Mortgage Loans are fully disbursed and the relevant borrower does not have a right or entitlement 
to any additional advance from the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Mortgage Loans did not provide at the time of disbursement for any State Subsidy in relation to 
principal or interest; 
(d) 
the Mortgaged Property is real property which has been fully constructed as evidenced by an extract 
from the Czech Real Estate Register; 
(e) 
the Mortgaged Property is located in the Czech Republic; 
(f) 
the Mortgage Loans are not Defaulted Loans; 
(g) 
under the Mortgage Loans, the maximum amount of secured receivables of the Issuer is at least equal 
to the Registered Nominal Value of such Mortgage Loan; 
(h) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Residential Mortgage Loan does not exceed 80% and if it exceeds such 
threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Residential Mortgage Loan exceeding the LTV 
Ratio of 80% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and the Contractual Asset Cover 
Test 
(i) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan does not exceed 60% and if it exceeds such 
threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan exceeding the LTV 
Ratio of 60% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and the Contractual Asset Cover 
Test; 
(j) 
the borrower under the Mortgage Loan has made at least one instalment payment;

--- Page 362 ---
- 362 - 
 
 
 
(k) 
the Mortgage Loans are all denominated and payable by the relevant borrower in Czech Koruna (or 
other currency which may replace Czech Koruna as the official legal currency in the Czech Republic 
from the date of such replacement); 
(l) 
the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans granted to the Issuer's employees does not exceed 5 per cent. 
of the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans contained in the International Cover Pool; and 
(m) 
the International Cover Pool does not contain any asset-backed securities. 
Valuation of Assets 
Statutory Tests 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer is required to maintain the International Cover Pool in 
accordance with the following requirements for the Cover Assets. 
The Issuer covenants to ensure that it maintains the International Cover Pool in compliance with the Statutory 
Minimum OC Level Test, the Statutory 85 % Test and the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test (the Statutory 
Tests). 
The Statutory Minimum OC Level Test 
The Czech Bonds Act stipulates that the aggregate value of all the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool must 
represent at least 102 per cent. of the aggregate value of all debts covered by the respective Cover Pool, i.e. 
resulting in a minimum 2 per cent. statutory over-collateralisation requirement (i.e. Statutory Minimum OC Level 
Test). For the purposes of the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test, 1 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds must always be added to the aggregate value of all debts covered by the 
relevant Cover Pool as an expected value of (i) a receivable of a Covered Block Administrator; (ii) a receivable 
arising out of legal acts of a Covered Block Administrator undertaken for the benefit of the Cover Pool; (iii) a 
receivable of a common representative of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders; and (vi) a receivable of another 
person specified in the relevant terms and conditions or the relevant prospectus that participated on the issuance 
of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds or on the administration of the Covered Block which serves to cover such 
debts. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer operates three active Cover Pools. Only the International 
Cover Pool covers the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under this Programme.  
The Statutory 85 % Test 
The Issuer covenants to ensure that the Mortgage Loans Ratio (as defined below) is an amount equal to at least 
85 per cent. of the aggregate value of all debts covered by the respective Cover Pool (i.e. the Statutory 85 % 
Test). 
For the purposes of the Statutory 85 % Test and the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test, the Mortgage Loans 
Ratio" is the sum of the outstanding Nominal Values of all the Mortgage Loans used as Cover Assets, where the 
Nominal Value is deemed to be zero, for (i) each Mortgage Loan (including CRR Mortgage Loan) if such 
Mortgage Loan is a Defaulted Loan; (ii) each Mortgage Loan if such Mortgage Loan does not fulfil requirements 
set out in Section 30(1) of the Czech Bonds Act; (iii) each Mortgage Loan in the case of an obligor's default 
pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR; and (iv) each CRR Mortgage Loan if such CRR Mortgage Loan do not fulfil 
the applicable CRR requirements. A part of the Mortgage Loan which exceeds 100 per cent. of the Mortgaged 
Property Value disregarded to such extent. 
Contractual Asset Cover Test 
In addition to the Statutory Tests, the Issuer covenants to ensure that the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover 
Pool Balance is an amount at least equal to 110 per cent. of all Debts (the Contractual Asset Cover Test). 
For the purposes of the Contractual Asset Cover Test, the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool 
Balance is the sum of the outstanding Adjusted Values of all Cover Assets.

--- Page 363 ---
- 363 - 
 
 
 
Where any Cover Asset is not denominated in Czech Koruna such balance shall be converted to its equivalent in 
Czech Koruna at the Relevant Exchange Rate. 
The Issuer covenants that it will provide from time to time to Moody’s (or another rating agency which has rated 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the Asset Monitor information on the current value of the Contractual 
Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance and will confirm compliance by the Issuer with the Contractual Asset 
Cover Test. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event 
of Default. However, whilst such breach is continuing the Issuer cannot issue any Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds which have the benefit of the International Cover Pool.  
Liquidity Buffer  
The Issuer covenants that the International Cover Pool will at all times include the Liquidity Buffer composed 
of the Liquid Assets. The Issuer further covenants that the Liquidity Buffer will be available at all times in order 
to cover the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow (i.e. all payment outflows falling due on one day, 
including principal and interest payments arising under the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and payments under 
Derivative in the Covered Block, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for claims related to the 
International Cover Pool) over a period of 180 days. 
For the avoidance of doubt failure by the Issuer to maintain the Liquidity Buffer does not constitute an event of 
default under the Terms and Conditions or a breach of the Terms and Conditions and does not give the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders or other persons any rights. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Under the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement entered into on 15 December 2020 between the Issuer and the 
Asset Monitor, as amended and restated by the amendment no. 1 dated 5 September 2024 (such Asset Monitor 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Asset Monitor Agreement), 
the Asset Monitor has agreed, subject to due receipt of information to be provided by the Issuer to the Asset 
Monitor, to carry out certain agreed upon procedures in relation to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria, the Statutory Tests, the Contractual Asset Cover Test and any other procedures 
agreed in the Asset Monitor Agreement in respect of the International Cover Pool on each relevant Asset Monitor 
Calculation Date (as defined in the Asset Monitor Agreement). The Asset Monitor will only be required to 
perform its role starting from the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date and in the scope as per the wording of the 
Asset Monitor Agreement valid on the date the Asset Monitor is performing its procedures. The Asset Monitor 
Report will not be publicly available or available to potential investors in the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Asset Monitor shall conduct the agreed procedures on a 
monthly basis for a six-month period subject to the receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer. 
If the assessments and checks conducted by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the terms of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement reveal arithmetic or other errors which, according to the assessment of the Issuer, acting with a due 
care, evidence a Potential Event of Default resulting from the fact that the Statutory Tests had been failed on the 
relevant Annual Asset Monitor Calculation Date (as defined in the Asset Monitor Agreement), the Asset Monitor 
shall conduct the agreed procedures on the immediately following Additional Asset Monitor Calculation Date 
(as defined in the Asset Monitor Agreement) subject to the receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer. 
Within forty Prague Business Days (as defined in the Asset Monitor Agreement) of receiving the relevant 
information from the Issuer, the Asset Monitor shall notify the parties to the Asset Monitor Agreement of their 
findings in a report following a specified form (the Asset Monitor Report). 
The Asset Monitor is entitled to assume that all information provided to it by the Issuer for the purpose of 
reporting on the arithmetic or other accuracy basis is true and correct and is complete and not misleading and is 
not required to conduct an audit or other similar examination in respect of or otherwise take steps to verify the 
accuracy or completeness of such information save that the Asset Monitor will be required to advise the Issuer 
if it has not been provided with any of those figures which it is required to provide. However, if information 
required to be provided by the Issuer contains what appear to be manifest errors, the Asset Monitor shall notify 
the parties to the Asset Monitor Agreement and the Issuer shall provide further amended information to the Asset 
Monitor or shall confirm the accuracy of information previously provided. The Asset Monitor shall not be

--- Page 364 ---
- 364 - 
 
 
 
required to confirm whether the information provided to it by the Issuer (i) has been accurately extracted from 
the sources identified therein or agrees with any underlying accounting or other information or (ii) is presented 
in compliance with any relevant accounting or other definitions as to its elements and composition.  
The Asset Monitor Report will be delivered to the Issuer and subject to the terms and conditions of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement also to the Arranger, the Dealers, the Rating Agency and the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. 
The Issuer will pay to the Asset Monitor a fee determined in accordance with a fee letter entered into between 
the Issuer and the Asset Monitor. The liability of the Asset Monitor will be limited to five times the fees paid 
under the Asset Monitor Agreement and the relevant fee letter by the Issuer to the Asset Monitor in accordance 
with the Asset Monitor Agreement during any twelve months preceding an event that resulted in the Asset 
Monitor's liability specified therein. If such event occurs during the first 12 months of the effectiveness of the 
Asset Monitor Agreement, the liability of the Asset Monitor shall be limited by five times fees paid under the 
Asset Monitor Agreement and the relevant fee letter since the date of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
The Issuer may, at any time, terminate the appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving the Asset Monitor 60 
days' written notice, provided that such termination may not be effected unless and until a replacement has been 
found by the Issuer which agrees to perform the duties (or substantially similar duties) of the Asset Monitor. 
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign from its appointment by giving the Issuer 60 days' prior written 
notice (the Issuer shall provide a copy of such notice to the Rating Agency), provided that such termination may 
not be effected unless and until a replacement has been found for the Asset Monitor by the Issuer (such 
replacement to be a reputable accountancy firm) which agrees to perform the duties (or substantially similar 
duties) of the Asset Monitor. In addition, the Asset Monitor may resign from its appointment upon giving 30 
days' prior written notice if any action taken by the recipients of the Asset Monitor Report (Recipients) or future 
circumstance not caused by the Asset Monitor causes a professional conflict of interest for the Asset Monitor 
under the rules of the professional and/or regulatory bodies regulating the activities of the Asset Monitor. The 
Asset Monitor will inform the Recipients as soon as reasonably practicable of any action or circumstance of 
which the Asset Monitor is aware that may cause a professional conflict of interest for the Asset Monitor which 
could result in termination under the relevant clause. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Czech law. 
Description of the International Cover Pool 
Composition of the International Cover Pool 
In case of the Issuer's insolvency, the assets in the Cover Pool will primarily serve for the satisfaction of all 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders' claims (see General Description of Czech Legislation relating to Mortgage 
Covered Bonds – 11. Insolvency of the Issuer and the Cover Pool above). In order to be included in the 
International Cover Pool, Mortgage Loans have to meet certain statutory and contractual eligibility criteria (see 
The International Cover Pool – Composition of Assets and The International Cover Pool – Valuation of Assets 
above for further details). The composition of assets in the International Cover Pool changes in time, as Mortgage 
Loans which are repaid or cease to meet the eligibility criteria are removed from the International Cover Pool 
and new Mortgage Loans that meet the eligibility criteria are added. 
As of 31 December 2023, the International Cover Pool consisted of 15,860 Mortgage Loans. 
As of 31 December 2023, the total value of the International Cover Pool was CZK 23,558 million, out of which 
100 % were residential Mortgage Loans. 
The following table provides information on the composition of the International Cover Pool as of 31 December 
2023: 
Number of Mortgage Loans 
15,860 
Nominal Value of Mortgage Loans in CZK 
23,557,743,913 
Average Mortgage Loan balance in CZK 
1,485,356

--- Page 365 ---
- 365 - 
 
 
 
Number of borrowers 
15,397 
Number of properties 
22,633 
Weighted average of remaining term 
231 months 
Weighted average of indexed LTV 
47.4% 
Mortgage Loans in Arrears > 90 days  
0% 
Borrower concentration: 10 largest borrowers 
0.72% 
As of 31 December 2023, the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds were over-collateralised by 225 per 
cent. As of the same date, 100 per cent. of the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool was denominated in Czech 
Koruna. 
Issuer's International Cover Pool in respect of the Mortgaged Covered Bonds 
Management of the International Cover Pool in respect of the Mortgaged Covered Bonds  
In accordance with the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer maintains the Cover Assets Register (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions) which contains a separate record of the Eligible Assets included in the International Cover Pool. 
The Eligible Assets included in the International Cover Pool serve to provide cover in respect of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and the obligations of the Issuer arising from the Mortgage Covered Bonds (i.e., their aggregate 
nominal value and proportionate yield). For the purposes of managing the International Cover Pool and to comply 
with the applicable statutory requirements set out in the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree, the Issuer 
adopted an internal regulation which governs the work streams, procedures and the competences of individual 
departments in this area. 
The Issuer through its expert department continuously monitors and analyses the real estate market in the Czech 
Republic and development of real estate prices. The Issuer applies security coefficients when approving 
Mortgage Loans, which, according to the type of the Mortgaged Property, also take into account a possible drop 
in the Mortgaged Property Value over the long term. If, on the basis of a revaluation, the Mortgaged Property 
Value would decrease below the threshold needed for covering the respective Mortgage Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer excludes such a Mortgage Loan from the International Cover Pool. 
List of Issued and Outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The following table lists information concerning the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
The data is valid as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  
ISIN 
Issued 
Amount 
(million 
EUR) 
Sold 
Amount 
(million 
EUR) 
Pledged/Repoed 
Amount (million 
EUR) 
Retained 
Amount 
(million 
EUR) 
Interest 
Yield (% 
p.a.) 
Issue Date 
Maturity 
Date 
XS1574150261 
500 
0 
131.7 
368.3 
0.7 
15. 11. 2021 
15. 11. 2031

--- Page 366 ---
- 366 - 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds from each issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for its general 
business purposes, which include making a profit. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Furthermore, where "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer intendes to apply the net proceeds or an amount equivalent to the net proceeds to finance the 
Eligible Projects as further specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer provides more details with regard to 
its prospective Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds issues in (i) its Sustainability Bond 
Framework (the Sustainability Bond Framework disclosed on the Issuer’s website www.rb.cz (under the 
following link: https://www.rb.cz/en/obligatory-published-information/raiffeisen-as-bond-programme) and (ii) 
in the relevant Final Terms under the section "Use of proceeds". Such Sustainability Bond Framework may be 
updated from time to time. Prior to issuances of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer 
mandated a recognised second party opinion (the SPO) provider, which is ISS Corporate Solutions, Inc. (the ISS) 
a provider of environmental, social and governance (ESG) research and analysis. The ISS evaluated the 
robustness and credibility of the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework and the intended use of proceeds in 
terms of its alignment with the relevant industry standards, including the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021, the 
Social Bond Principles 2021 and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021 (all as amended from time to time). 
On such basis, the ISS reviewed the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework and provided its SPO thereon, which 
is also disclosed on the Issuer’s website www.rb.cz (under the following link: https://www.rb.cz/en/obligatory-
published-information/raiffeisen-as-bond-programme). 
Criteria for selecting the Eligible Projects under the Sustainability Bond Framework 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds raised by the issuance of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds shall be used to finance or re-finance, in part or in full, new or existing eligible loans providing distinct 
environmental and societal benefits and financing assets dedicated to the Eligible Categories set out in the 
Sustainability Bond Framework. 
The Issuer will strive to substitute any redeemed or maturing eligible loans with other eligible loans and/or if any 
such loans cease to be an eligible loan, as soon as practicable once an appropriate substitution option has been 
identified. Pending the allocation or reallocation, as the case might be, of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
raised by the issuance of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer will invest the balance 
of the net proceeds in money market instruments, cash or cash equivalents instruments. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Sustainability Bond Framework sets out the following Eligible Green 
Categories (and provides detailed information on the eligibility criteria of each Eligible Green Category): 
• 
Green Buildings - financing or refinancing Eligible Green Loans or investments in green assets or projects 
related to the construction, acquisition and ownership or renovation of buildings in the commercial and retail 
real estate sector. Eligible loans may include both loans to private individuals (mortgages) or to legal entities, 
fulfilling the criteria presented in the Sustainability Bond Framework.  
Such criteria require the green buildings to (i) be certified (with a minimum certification level of LEED 
Gold, BREEAM Very Good or DGNB/ÖGNI Gold); (ii) belong to the top 15 per cent. of low carbon 
buildings at national level (if an assessment is possible); (iii) in cases where an assessment of the top 15 per 
cent. low carbon buildings is not possible, the Issuer will define buildings with the EPC with a min. level A 
(primary energy demand) as eligible. Refurbished buildings will be required to achieve reduction of Primary 
Energy Demand or carbon emissions of at least 30 per cent. in comparison with the performance of the 
building before the renovation or to achieve at least two classes improvement in energy EPC label.  
• 
Renewable Energy - financing or refinancing Eligible Green Loans and/or investments to equipment, 
development, manufacturing, construction, installation, operation, distribution, and maintenance of 
renewable energy projects such as wind power, solar power, hydropower, geothermal projects or energy 
from biomass. 
• 
Energy Efficiency - financing or refinancing Eligible Green Loans related to the development and 
implementation of products or technology that reduce energy consumption – such eligible projects include

--- Page 367 ---
- 367 - 
 
 
 
(i) energy efficient lighting (e.g. LEDs); (ii) projects improving the energy efficiency of industrial 
production process in a factory, excluding fossil fuel-powered equipment or improvements within carbon-
intensive heavy industries (e.g., steel, cement, refining, etc.), aiming to achieve at least 30 per cent. 
improvement in energy efficiency; or (iii) energy storage projects from renewable resources (e.g. fuel cells). 
• 
Clean Transportation – financing or refinancing Eligible Green Loans related to purchase, rental, leasing 
and operation of zero- direct emission vehicles as well as related infrastructure (e.g. electric charging points).  
The eligibility criteria for commercial and retail vehicles include zero tailpipe emission vehicles.  
For public transport and freight rail transport the criteria require manufacturing, acquisition and 
modernization of zero direct emissions land transport activities (e.g. light rail transit, metro, tram, trolleybus, 
bus and rail, electric locomotives) to be eligible.  
For personal mobility devices and cycle logistics: selling, purchasing, financing, leasing, renting and 
operation of personal mobility or transport devices where the propulsion comes from the physical activity 
of the user, from a zero emissions motor, or a mix of zero-emissions motor and physical activity. This 
includes the provision of freight transport services by (cargo) bicycles.  
For infrastructure: Financing of low carbon transport infrastructure, including electric charging points, 
electricity grid connection upgrades, hydrogen fueling stations or electric highways, rail networks, 
highspeed railway lines, electric railway lines, pavements, bike lanes and pedestrian zones. 
• 
Sustainable Agriculture and Forestry - Eligible Green Loans to finance or refinance environmentally 
sustainable management of living natural resources and land use. Criteria for this category are as follows: 
Environmentally sustainable forestry: including afforestation or reforestation, and preservation or 
restoration of natural landscape providing compliance or alignment with international forest certification 
standards (e.g. FSC/PEFC) evidenced by a copy of the certification or an audit report by a reputable 
consulting company confirming alignment with certification standards; 
Environmentally sustainable agriculture: (i) acquisition, maintenance and management of certified 
agricultural practices under sustainable certification schemes, such as EU Organic and/or equivalent national 
certification schemes, as well as Global G.A.P. (at least applied or pre-certified); (ii) improvement or 
maintaining of existing carbon pools – changes in cropping patterns on agricultural land from annual to 
perennial crops; Renewal of existing orchard by replacing old with new.  
• 
Pollution Prevention and Control - Eligible Green Loans to finance or refinance development, 
construction, operation and maintenance of sustainable waste management and recycling projects, activities 
and operations – such criteria include: 
Waste prevention, waste reduction and waste recycling. This includes the development, operation and 
upgrade of recycling plants and recycling activities including metals, plastic, paper and others;  
Reduction of industrial air emissions and greenhouse gas control: The purchase of new and refurbishment 
of existing equipment, technologies and facilities that provide at least a 20 per cent. reduction in carbon 
emissions and/or serve as fossil fuel replacements.  
• 
Eco-efficient and / or Circular Economy Adapted Products, Production Technologies and Processes 
– Eligible Green Loans to finance or refinance:  
Circular Design and Production Projects: (i) solutions that extend the product life cycle, such as applying 
modular design or design for disassembly, take-back schemes and redeploying products (reverse logistic), 
reuse, repair and/ or products regeneration and refurbishment; (ii) production technologies that use recycled 
resources such as bio-based materials.  
Circular Support and Products: (i) circular support through tools and services (e.g. sharing platforms and 
digital infrastructure/software) that enable circular economy strategies and business models; (ii) Certified 
eco-efficient products.

--- Page 368 ---
- 368 - 
 
 
 
• 
Sustainable Water and Wastewater Management - Eligible Green Loans to finance or refinance 
development, construction, operation and maintenance of sustainable water and waste-water management 
projects and facilities. Such project criteria include (i) water treatment facilities, activities and technologies 
that increase water quality, sanitation facilities; (ii) upgrades to wastewater treatment plants for nutrient 
removal, wastewater discharge infrastructure (iii) technologies that increase water-use efficiency, water 
recycling and reuse, water saving systems and technologies and water metering. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Sustainability Bond Framework sets out the following Eligible Social 
Categories (and provides detailed information on the eligibility criteria of each Eligible Social Category): 
• 
Education and Vocational Training - Access to public and publicly subsidized educational services as well 
as investments that support childhood development (e.g. Kindergartens) through the provision of loans for 
construction/ upgrading of facilities and/ or equipment.  
• 
Access to Essential Services. Eligibility criteria are as follows: 
Construction, acquisition, renovation, expansion or maintenance of health care facilities for provision of free 
or subsidized health care services. For example: hospitals, pharmacies, diagnostic and other laboratory 
services, rehabilitation centers, assisted living, homes for the elderly; 
Production and distribution of vital medication, medical equipment and medical supplies for the prevention 
and treatment of diseases that are considered infectious, rare or particularly common amongst a vulnerable 
group e.g. children, women, the elderly, etc.;  
Regional development and/or infrastructure in underserved, underdeveloped and rural regions in European 
Union (e.g. public transport and related infrastructure, sanitation infrastructure, highspeed internet, 
telecommunications and electricity related infrastructure, fire-fighting and rescue equipment, access to clean 
drinking water). 
• 
Affordable Housing - Financing the construction, renovation, and/or maintenance of social and affordable 
housing in Czech Republic. Financing co-operative housing associations, building societies, non-profit 
organizations and public utility housing enterprises, with the aim of providing suitable homes for individuals 
and families. 
• 
Employment generation and protection: Micro, Small and Medium size Enterprises (MSME) financing. 
To be eligible, the loans must meet the definition of Micro-, Small- size enterprises (in all regions), and 
Medium-size enterprises (located in underserved, underdeveloped and rural regions in EU), and not be 
engaged in any of the excluded business activities (such as defence and weapons, nuclear energy, tobacco, 
gambling etc.).  
Sustainability profile of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds issued under the 
Sustainability Bond Framework 
The Sustainability Bond Framework is aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 (GBP), ICMA Social 
Bond Principles 2021 (SBP) and ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021 (SBG). These are a set of voluntary 
guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the development of the green, 
social and sustainable bond markets. In formulating the Sustainability Bond Framework care was also taken to 
reflect both the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and, on the best effort basis, the 
requirements of the EU classification system for sustainable economic activities (EU Taxonomy) for Climate 
Change Mitigation and Climate Change Adaptation presented by the European Commission. 
Second Party Opinion 
The SPO on the Sustainability Bond Framework was provided by ISS on 4 May 2022, assessing three core 
elements to determine the sustainability quality of the instrument:  
(a) 
the Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds link to the Issuer’s sustainability strategy:

--- Page 369 ---
- 369 - 
 
 
 
According to ISS, the use of proceeds financed through notes issued under the Sustainability Bond Framework 
is consistent with the Issuer’s sustainability strategy and material ESG topics for the industry. The rationale for 
issuing Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds is clearly described by the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Sustainability Bond Framework benchmarked against the ICMA Green Bond Principles, Social 
Bond Principles and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines: 
According to ISS, the Issuer has defined a formal concept for its Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability 
Bonds regarding the use of proceeds, processes for project evaluation and selection, management of proceeds, 
and reporting. This concept is in line with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and the 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines; and 
(c) 
the Sustainability quality of the Eligibility Criteria: 
According to ISS, the overall sustainability quality of the selection criteria in terms of sustainability benefits, risk 
avoidance and minimisation is good. The environmental and social risks associated with those use of proceeds 
categories have been well managed.

--- Page 370 ---
- 370 - 
 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables present selected historical consolidated financial information of the Issuer as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 which has been derived from the financial statements of the Issuer 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The information below should be read in conjunction with 
the information contained in Presentation of Information and the financial statements of the Issuer incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the EU.  
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(in CZK million) 
(in CZK million) 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Interest income and similar income calculated using 
the effective interest rate method 
40,504 
29,900 
Other interest income 
2,975 
2,738 
Interest expense and similar expense 
(28,070) 
(16,880) 
Net interest income 
15,409 
15,758 
 
 
 
Fee and commission income 
6,455 
6,152 
Fee and commission expenses 
(1,778) 
(1,158) 
Net fee and commission income 
4,677 
4,994 
 
 
 
Net gain/(loss) on financial operations 
(322) 
(606) 
Net gain/(loss) on financial assets other than held for trading 
mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
16 
(7) 
Net gain/(loss) from hedge accounting 
(90) 
(104) 
Dividend income 
1 
1 
Impairment gains/(losses) on credit and off-balance sheet 
exposures 
(983) 
140 
Gain/(loss) from derecognition of financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
8 
5 
Personnel expenses 
(4,476) 
(4,399) 
General operating expenses 
(3,167) 
(3,413) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
(2,065) 
(2,326) 
Other operating income 
998 
881 
Other operating expenses 
(177) 
(185) 
Gains/(losses) on the sale of subsidiaries and joint ventures 
- 
188 
Gains/(losses) on non-current assets and disposal groups 
5 
11 
Operating profit 
9,834 
10,938 
Share of the income from affiliated companies 
12 
11 
Profit before tax 
9,846 
10,949 
Income tax 
(2,352) 
(2,145) 
Net profit for the year attributable to: 
7,494 
8,804 
– shareholders of the parent company 
7,494 
8,804 
– non-controlling interests 
- 
- 
Earnings per share/ Diluted earnings per share (in CZK) 
4,647 
5,491 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income 
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in future: 
 
 
Net gain/(loss) from remeasurement of equity securities at FVOCI 
23 
(9) 
Deferred tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit 
or loss in following periods 
(4) 
1 
Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss in future: 
 
 
Revaluation of cash flow hedges 
729 
(427) 
Deferred tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit 
or loss in following periods 
(200) 
148

--- Page 371 ---
- 371 - 
 
 
 
Total other comprehensive income attributable to: 
548 
(287) 
– shareholders of the parent company 
548 
(287) 
– non-controlling interests 
- 
- 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
8,042 
8,517 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
 
(in CZK million) 
(in CZK million) 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Assets 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
14,939 
13,902 
Financial assets held for trading 
5,364 
7,710 
Trading derivatives 
4,918 
7,548 
Securities held for trading 
446 
162 
Financial assets other than held for trading mandatorily measured at 
fair value through profit or loss 
208 
194 
Financial assets at FVOCI 
132 
101 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
681,604 
616,396 
   Loans and advances to banks 
152,950 
160,048 
   Loans and advances to customers 
429,589 
412,736 
   Debt securities 
99,065 
43,612 
Finance leases 
8,176 
8,097 
Fair value remeasurement of portfolio-remeasured items 
50 
(5,755) 
Hedging derivatives with positive fair value 
5,152 
7,347 
Income tax asset 
49 
29 
Deferred tax asset 
24 
27 
Equity investments in associated companies 
125 
113 
Intangible assets 
5,715 
5,868 
Property, plant and equipment 
3,291 
3,464 
Investment property 
47 
257 
Other assets 
14,874 
8,632 
Total assets 
739,750 
666,382 
 
 
 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
4,678 
7,968 
   Trading derivatives 
4,678 
7,968 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost 
666,182 
596,589 
   Deposits from banks 
23,719 
10,669 
   Deposits from customers 
593,995 
550,061 
   Debt securities issued 
36,312 
24,553 
   Subordinated liabilities and bonds 
5,232 
5,162 
   Other financial liabilities 
6,924 
6,144 
Fair value remeasurement of portfolio-remeasured items 
(6,467) 
(14,354) 
Hedging derivatives with negative fair value 
12,725 
17,658 
Provisions 
1,339 
1,384 
Current tax liability 
155 
1,166 
Deferred tax liability 
695 
354 
Other liabilities 
1,749 
1,472 
Total liabilities 
681,056 
612,237 
 
 
 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital 
15,461 
15,461 
Reserve fund 
824 
824 
Fair value reserve 
(117) 
(665) 
Retained earnings 
30,201 
24,890 
Other equity instruments 
4,831 
4,831 
Profit for the year 
7,494 
8,804 
Total equity attributable to the parent company’s shareholders 
58,694 
54,145 
Total liabilities and equity 
739,750 
666,382

--- Page 372 ---
- 372 - 
 
 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
 
For the Year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
 
202257 
 
 
(in CZK million) 
(in CZK million) 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Profit before tax 
9,846 
10,949 
Adjustments for non-cash transactions 
 
 
Impairment gains/(losses) on credit and off-balance sheet 
exposures 
983 
(140) 
Depreciation/amortisation expense 
2,065 
2,326 
Creation of other provisions 
(126) 
(13) 
Change in fair value of derivatives 
(3,398) 
4,947 
Unrealised losses/(gains) on remeasurement of securities 
(29) 
5 
Gain/(loss) on sale of property and equipment and intangible assets 
(36) 
(138) 
Gain on the sale of subsidiaries and joint ventures 
- 
(188) 
Change in the remeasurement of hedged items upon fair value 
hedge 
2,082 
(3,767) 
Share of profit from associated companies 
(12) 
(11) 
Remeasurement of foreign currency positions 
593 
453 
Change in accruals and amortisation of financial assets and 
liabilities 
(86) 
451 
(Release)/creation of initial loss on financial assets and assignment 
of receivables 
(489) 
(104) 
Other non-cash changes 
(50) 
(413) 
Operating profit before changes in operating assets and 
liabilities 
11,343 
14,357 
Operating cash flow  
 
 
(Increase)/decrease in operating assets 
 
 
Mandatory minimum reserves with the Czech National Bank 
(CNB) 
(6,138) 
1,948 
Loans and advances to banks 
7,159 
38,192 
Loans and advances to customers 
(14,214) 
(43,543) 
Debt securities held at amortised cost 
(54,096) 
(6,969) 
Securities held for trading 
(279) 
(2) 
Financial assets other than those held for trading mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss 
(13) 
303 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income  
(31) 
(82) 
Finance leases  
(52) 
(78) 
Other assets 
(104) 
792 
(Increase)/decrease in operating liabilities 
 
 
Deposits from banks 
12,600 
(2,231) 
Deposits from customers 
41,700 
(2,213) 
Other financial liabilities 
910 
2,335 
Other liabilities 
277 
(6) 
Net operating cash flow before tax 
(938) 
2,803 
Income tax paid 
(3,212) 
(1,166) 
Net operating cash flow 
(4,150) 
1,637 
Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 
Sale of equity investments 
- 
453 
Increase in equity investments 
- 
- 
Acquisition of property and equipment and intangible assets 
(1,651) 
(1,737) 
Proceeds from sale of non-current assets 
156 
215 
Dividends received 
1 
1 
Net cash flow from investing activities 
(1,494) 
(1,068) 
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 
Dividends paid and paid coupons on other equity instruments 
(3,494) 
(296) 
 
57 As presented as comparative information in the 2023 consolidated financial statements of the Issuer.

--- Page 373 ---
- 373 - 
 
 
 
Increase in share capital 
- 
- 
Increase in other equity instruments 
- 
- 
Debt securities issued 
13,232 
4,971 
Repayment of debt securities issued 
(2,894) 
- 
Repayment of subordinated deposits 
(41) 
(249) 
Proceeds from issue of subordinated debt 
- 
- 
Lease liabilities 
(355) 
(370) 
Net cash flow from financing activities 
6,448 
4,056 
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 
804 
4,625 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  
13,902 
9,461 
Foreign exchange gains/losses on cash and cash equivalents at the 
beginning of the year 
233 
(184) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  
14,939 
13,902 
Interest received 
41,739 
32,208 
Interest paid 
(29,488) 
(17,841)

--- Page 374 ---
- 374 - 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The following description of the Issuer sets out selected consolidated financial information relating to the 
Raiffeisen Group and selected individual financial information relating to the Issuer. Unless stated otherwise, all 
such financial information has been extracted from the financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Introduction 
The Issuer was incorporated on 25 June 1993 as a joint stock company. The Issuer was registered with the 
Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague File No. B 2051 on 25 June 1993. As stated 
in Article 2 of the most recent version of the Articles of Association of the Issuer dated 21 September 2021 (filed 
in the Issuer's collection of deeds in the Czech Commercial Register which is publicly accessible at 
www.justice.cz), the Issuer´s scope of business is s banking and financial transactions and other operations listed 
in the banking licence, granted in accordance with the Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks, as amended (the 
Czech Banking Act). The Issuer is also entitled to set up branch offices or other company units in the Czech 
Republic and abroad, and to establish subsidiaries and hold capital interests provided that generally binding legal 
regulations are respected. The Issuer´s identification number is 492 40 901, its LEI is 31570010000000004460. 
The Issuer is a major bank and financial services provider in the Czech Republic, offering a wide range of 
banking and financial services to private and corporate clients. The Issuer is the parent company of the Raiffeisen 
Group which offers products and services in the Czech Republic in the area of banking and financial services, 
building savings and loans, insurance and leasing. The Issuer's registered office is at Hvězdova 1716/2b, Prague 
4, Postal Code 140 78, Czech Republic, its telephone number is + 420 412 446 400 and its internet address is 
www.rb.cz. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Raiffeisen Group served clients at 282 branch offices and client centres throughout 
the Czech Republic. The recalculated average number of the Raiffeisen Group’s employees for 2023 was 3,524. 
As of 31 December 2023, the total assets of the Raiffeisen Group amounted to CZK 739.8 billion. 
As of 31 December 2023, the share capital of the Issuer amounts to CZK 15,460,800,000 and has been fully 
paid. The share capital of the Issuer composes of 1,546,080 ordinary shares with the nominal value CZK 10,000 
each which do not have any special rights associated with them. Ordinary shares include the entitlement to 
participate in the Issuer’s governance and the entitlement to a share on profit. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Raiffeisen Group had CZK 594.0 billion of customers deposits and CZK 429.6 
billion of customer loans (net of loss allowances). 
The Issuer and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (the Raiffeisen Group) are part of the RBI Group, which has 
provided financial services for over 140 years and is one of the strongest financial institutions operating in the 
field of commercial and investment banking in CEE. As of 31 December 2023, the RBI Group operated in many 
countries in the CEE, had 44,887 full-time equivalent employees and served approximately 18.6 million clients. 
As of 31 December 2023, the total capital adequacy ratio of the Issuer reached 24.02 per cent. (21.00 per cent. 
as of 31 December 2022), Core Tier 1 ratio stood at 18.95 per cent. (16.64 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) 
and Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio stood at 21.31 per cent. (18.72 per cent. as of 31 December 2022). 
As of 31 December 2023, the total capital adequacy ratio of Raiffeisen Group reached 19.98 per cent. (18.31 per 
cent. as of 31 December 2022), Core Tier 1 ratio stood at 15.97 per cent. (14.49 per cent. as of 31 December 
2022) and Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio stood at 17.78 per cent. (16.26 per cent. as of 31 December 2022). 
As of 31 December 2023, the total risk weighted assets of the Issuer amounted to CZK 204.9 billion (compared 
to CZK 232.0 billion as of 31 December 2022). 
As of 31 December 2023, the total risk weighted assets of the Raiffeisen Group amounted to CZK 266.0 billion 
(compared to CZK 272.8 billion as of 31 December 2022).

--- Page 375 ---
- 375 - 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2023, the Risk Cost of the Raiffeisen Group amounted to (0.23) per cent. (compared to 0.033 
per cent. as of 31 December 2022).58 
In the conduct of its activities, the Issuer is primarily governed by Czech law, in particular the Czech Banking 
Act, the Czech Act No. 90/2012 Coll., on Business Corporations and Cooperatives, as amended (the Czech 
Corporations Act), the Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as 
amended (the Czech Capital Markets Act), and other Czech laws and regulations governing operations in the 
banking and capital markets. 
Resolution Strategy 
RBI Group adopted a multiple point of entry resolution strategy with 7 independent and ring-fenced resolution 
groups, whereas the Raiffeisen Group is one of them. The overall minimum MREL requirement expressed as the 
total risk exposure amount (TREA) prescribed by the CNB and applicable to the Raiffeisen Group is 23.2 per 
cent. as of 1 January 2024, 23.2 per cent. as of 1 January 2025, and 23.2 per cent. as of 1 January 2026. At the 
same time, the MREL requirement expressed as a percentage of the sum of capital and eligible liabilities over 
the total exposure measure (TEM) prescribed by the CNB and applicable to the Raiffeisen Group is 5.91 per 
cent. as of 1 January 2024, 5.91 per cent. as of 1 January 2025, and 5.91 per cent. as of 1 January 2026. 
History 
RBI Group traces its origins to the founding of the Raiffeisen Financial Group by Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen 
in Anhausen in 1862, which originally began as a cooperative banking association. By the mid 1890's, more than 
600 banking associations based on the Raiffeisen system were already operating in Austria, which soon became 
popular not only in Europe, but also spread overseas. Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen's Raiffeisen Financial Group 
was to gradually become the largest private financial group in Austria. 
Today, the various successors of Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen's original Raiffeisen Financial Group have been 
providing financial services for over 140 years. 
The Issuer started in 1993 with two branch offices, and thanks to successful growth, gradually became the fifth 
largest bank firmly established on the Czech market.59 
Raiffeisen Group 
Raiffeisen Group offers products and services in the Czech Republic in the area of banking and financial services, 
building savings and loans, and leasing. Raiffeisen Group consists primarily of the Issuer, Raiffeisen stavební 
spořitelna, a.s. (RSTS), Raiffeisen-Leasing, s.r.o. (Raiffeisen-Leasing), Raiffeisen Direct Investments CZ, s.r.o. 
(RDI), and Raiffeisen investiční společnost a.s. (RIS). Raiffeisen-Leasing is a universal leasing company 
offering a comprehensive range of financial products, including supplementary services for corporate entities 
and private individuals. See Description of the Issuer – Corporate Structure below for further details. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Raiffeisen Group comprised the Issuer and 18 direct and indirect subsidiaries in 
the Czech Republic. The following table provides an overview of Raiffeisen Group companies that are 
consolidated in the financial statements as of 31 December 2023: 
Group Entity 
Parent Company 
Issuer's 
effective 
holding 
Consolidation 
method 
 
 
(per cent.) 
 
RIS ..........................................................  
Issuer 
100.0 
Full method 
Raiffeisen stavební spořitelna a.s ............  
Issuer 
100.0 
Full method 
Raiffeisen – Leasing ...............................  
Issuer 
100.0 
Full method 
Raiffeisen FinCorp, s.r.o. ........................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
Appolon Property, s.r.o. ..........................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
Luna Property, s.r.o. ................................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
 
58 Calculated as the ratio between “Impairment gains/(losses) on credit and off-balance sheet exposures” item (CZK (983) million for the 
year ended 31 December 2023 and CZK 140 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, as set out on page 66 of the 2023 Consolidated 
Financial Statements) and the “Loans and advances to customers – gross” item (CZK 435,218 million as of 31 December 2023 and CZK 
417,980 million as of 31 December 2022, as set out on pages 112 and 113 of the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements). 
59 Source: Issuer's internal analysis of data collected from the publicly available information of other banks active on the Czech market.

--- Page 376 ---
- 376 - 
 
 
 
RLRE Carina Property, s.r.o. ..................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
Orchideus Property, s. r. o. ......................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
Viktor Property, s.r.o. .............................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
Hestia Property, s.r.o. ..............................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
RDI  ........................................................  
Raiffeisen – Leasing 
100.0 
Full method 
RDI Management s.r.o. ...........................  
RDI 
100.0 
Full method 
RDI Czech 1 s.r.o. ...................................  
RDI 
100.0 
Full method 
RDI Czech 3 s.r.o. ...................................  
RDI 
100.0 
Full method 
RDI Czech 4 s.r.o. ...................................  
RDI 
100.0 
Full method 
RDI Czech 5 s.r.o. ...................................  
RDI 
100.0 
Full method 
RDI Czech 6 s.r.o. ...................................  
RDI 
100.0 
Full method 
AKCENTA CZ a.s.  ................................  
Issuer 
30.0 
Equity method 
RBI Group and the Issuer's Shareholders 
Raiffeisen Group is part of RBI Group which regards as its home both Austria, where it is a leading corporate 
and investment bank, and the CEE, where it operates an extensive network of subsidiary banks, leasing 
companies and a range of other specialised financial service providers. 
The Issuer's majority shareholder, holding 75 per cent. of its registered share capital, is Raiffeisen CEE Region 
Holding GmbH. Raiffeisen CEE Region Holding GmbH is indirectly wholly owned by RBI. Regional Raiffeisen 
banks (Landesbanks) own approximately 61 per cent. of RBI, while the remaining shares are held by diverse 
investors (the shares are listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange). The Issuer's second shareholder, holding the 
remaining 25 per cent. of the Issuer's registered share capital, is RLB OÖ Sektorholding GmbH, which is a 
member of the group of Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberosterreich Aktiengesellschaft. 
The ultimate parent company of the Issuer is RBI. 
The Issuer is indirectly controlled by RBI. This control is based on RBI's indirect ownership of 75 per cent. of 
the registered share capital of the Issuer. The Issuer is not aware of any measures in place to ensure that such 
control is not abused other than the general limitations set forth by the Czech corporate law and banking 
regulations; the Issuer is regulated as a bank and is subject to the CNB supervision. 
Since the outbreak of the war in Ukraine, RBI is reducing its exposure in Russia and is working on a 
deconsolidation of AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia and its subsidiaries (AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia and its 
subsidiaries together, the Russian Subsidiaries) from the RBI Group by way of a sale or spinoff of the Russian 
Subsidiaries, in full compliance with local and international laws and regulations and in consultation with the 
relevant competent authorities. In case of a spin-off, the Russian Subsidiaries would be carved out of the RBI 
Group and RBI shareholders would receive shares in an entity that holds this stake.  
Since February 2022, RBI has taken substantial measures to mitigate the risks deriving from its ownership of the 
Russian Subsidiaries, including specifically risks to its capital position and liquidity, and risks from increased 
sanction compliance requirements. RBI expects the ECB in the near term to issue a request for an acceleration 
of the business reduction in Russia. 
On 14 February 2024, RBI announced that it is in advanced negotiations on the disposal of its 87.74 per cent. 
stake in Priorbank JSC, Belarus, and its subsidiaries, with Soven 1 Holding Limited, an investor from the United 
Arab Emirates, resulting in a potential exit of RBI from the Belarusian market. The signing of the transaction is 
– among other conditions – pending proof of funds by the investor with transfer of full collateral for the 
transaction consideration. 
In January 2023, RBI received a Request for Information (RFI) from the Office of Foreign Assets Control 
(OFAC) of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. The questions raised by OFAC in the RFI seek to clarify 
payments business and related processes maintained by RBI with respect to U.S. correspondent banks in light of 
the developments related to Russia and Ukraine. RBI has also been cooperating with the U.S. Department of 
Justice (DOJ) since March 2023 in connection with a DOJ inquiry into RBI's compliance with sanctions against 
Russia. As a matter of principle, RBI maintains policies and procedures that are designed to ensure compliance 
with applicable embargoes and financial sanctions and is cooperating fully with OFAC and DOJ in relation to 
their requests to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 377 ---
- 377 - 
 
 
 
Other Czech Operations of the RBI Group 
In addition to the activities carried out by the Raiffeisen Group in the Czech Republic (see Description of the 
Issuer – Corporate Structure below for further details), the RBI Group carries out certain other business activities 
in the Czech Republic through UNIQA pojišťovna, a.s. (UNIQA). 
UNIQA 
UNIQA commenced its operations in the Czech insurance market in 1993, originally under the name 
Česko-rakouská pojišťovna, a.s. The company changed its name to UNIQA pojišťovna, a.s. in 2001 as a part of 
the international strategy of the RBI Group to integrate its insurance business under the brand name UNIQA. 
UNIQA holds a universal insurance licence allowing it to carry out business in the area of both life and non-life 
insurance.  
A new collaborative effort between UNIQA and the Issuer at the end of 2023 is NAPLNO travel insurance, 
which in terms of coverage and services is one of the best offered on the Czech market for payment cards.  
In 2023, a total of 25,962 clients arranged OPORA accident insurance, which UNIQA has been offering since 
2021 in collaboration with the Issuer and almost 47,000 clients are currently using the product. In 2023, a total 
of 44,908 clients arranged the insurance product OSOBNÍ STRÁŽCE (Bodyguard), which has been available 
since 2020 and by the end of 2023, this coverage protected almost 75,000 clients of the Issuer.  
In 2023, the successful collaboration in the sale of individual insurance products also continued. At the Issuer 
branch offices, bankers concluded 2,776 life insurance policies with their clients. They offered risk and 
investment life products, and the total annual prescribed premiums reached CZK 313.4 million. In 2023, a new 
property insurance product DOMOV & BEZPEČÍ was successfully launched, and it is one of the top property 
products on the Czech market. A total of 8,827 new insurance policies were concluded in the Issuer network, 
and the total prescribed premiums for 2023 reached CZK 351.5 million. 
For entrepreneurs, the product portfolio includes business risk insurance offered with a business account. 
PERFEKT insurance from UNIQA covers the property and liability of entrepreneurs to a large extent, including 
extensive assistance services, unique on the Czech market for this segment of clients. Insurance premiums from 
the Perfekt product totalled CZK 24.1 million in 2023. 
The total prescribed premiums from the portfolio of all valid UNIQA insurance policies arranged by the Issuer’s 
bankers amounted to CZK  474.5 million in 2023 (CZK 824.4 million as of 31 December 2022). 
Business Overview 
The Issuer's business activities are divided into three primary operating segments, differentiated by the scope 
and nature of products and services they offer. These segments are: 
1. 
Corporate Banking; 
2. 
Retail Banking;  
3. 
Treasury and ALM; and  
4. 
Other.  
The majority of the Issuer's revenue is generated in the Czech Republic from transactions with clients who have 
their permanent residence or place of business in the Czech Republic or from trading with financial instruments 
issued by Czech entities. The revenue generated outside the Czech Republic is immaterial for the Issuer.  
The Raiffeisen Group's client base is well diversified. It has no client or group of related parties which would 
account for more than 10 per cent. of the Raiffeisen Group's total income for the year 2023. 
The Raiffeisen Group's management accounts are maintained on a margin basis. For this reason, the interest 
income and expenses and fee and commission expense of the Raiffeisen Group's individual operating segments 
are not reported separately, but on a net basis.

--- Page 378 ---
- 378 - 
 
 
 
The table below provides key financial data for the Raiffeisen Group's segments for the years 2023 and 2022: 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
Net interest income 
Profit before tax 
Profit after tax 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Corporate Banking ....................  
5,252 
4,436 
3,872 
3,911 
2,938 
3,147 
Retail Banking ..........................  
8,133 
8,274 
5,004 
5,405 
4,283 
4,401 
Treasury and ALM ...................  
1,096 
2,127 
457 
1,120 
354 
894 
Other .........................................  
928 
921 
513 
513 
(81) 
362 
Reconciliation 
to 
the 
consolidated 
statement 
of 
comprehensive income .............  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total .........................................  
15,409 
15,758 
9,846 
10,949 
7,494 
8,804 
1. Corporate Banking 
The Corporate Banking segment involves transactions with corporate clients, public sector institutions and 
financial institutions. It covers corporate clients with a particular focus on large financial and non-financial 
corporations, real estate developers and small and medium-sized entities (trading companies, manufacturing 
companies and service companies). The Issuer does not primarily target public sector entities. 
As of 31 December 2023, the total assets of the Raiffeisen Group's Corporate Banking amounted to CZK 156.7 
billion, a year-on-year increase of 19.1 per cent. compared to CZK 131.6 billion as of 31 December 2022. As of 
31 December 2023, the total liabilities of the Raiffeisen Group's Corporate Banking amounted to CZK 120.7 
billion, a year-on-year increase of 3.5 per cent. compared to CZK 116.6 billion as of 31 December 2022. The 
Issuer provides additional services to its corporate customers including working capital financing, a variety of 
domestic and international non-cash credit line facilities such as letters of credit and guarantees, cash 
management, investment banking and brokerage services, factoring, leasing and insurance services. In addition, 
in non-cash loans, the Issuer provides both domestic and foreign currency facilities to its customers, principally 
comprising guarantees in relation to imports and letters of credit in respect of trade financing activities. 
Project Finance 
The Issuer also offers its clients project financing and real estate financing where the main source of repayment 
is the future cash-flow from the relevant investment. This type of financing involves the preparation of a business 
plan (investment) that brings to the investor a real and predictable future income ensuring the requested return 
on investment.  
Particular focus is given to investments into real estate, energy and infrastructure. Loans are provided especially 
for the purpose of (i) investment acquisition; (ii) development; (iii) upgrade, reconstruction and revitalisation; or 
(iv) refinancing of liabilities related to the investment. Real estate financing is focused in particular on 
(i) commercial real estate; (ii) residential real estate; (iii) accommodation facilities such as hotels; and (iv) land 
with planning permission for new development. Aside from real estate, financing is also provided to (i) industrial 
and manufacturing units (such as production lines); (ii) energy plants (such as small hydroelectric or wind plants); 
and (iii) public infrastructure. 
Trade Finance & Factoring  
The Issuer's Trade Finance & Factoring Department is active in the following areas: (i) Traditional Trade Finance 
i.e. Bank Guarantees & Documentary Business; (ii) Export & Structured trad Finance and (iii) Factoring. The 
Issuer's clients within these product lines include importers and exporters in the large corporate and SME 
segments.  
The Issuer's export-focused clients benefit from the RBI Group's branch network in the Central and Eastern 
European region. The Issuer also sometimes co-operates with a Czech Export Credit Agency (EGAP) and 
international financial institution as the European Investment Bank, (EIB), the European Bank for 
Reconstraction and Development (EBRD), the International Finance Corporation (IFC).

--- Page 379 ---
- 379 - 
 
 
 
2. Retail Banking 
The Issuer's Retail Banking segment generally includes all private individuals, including high net worth (VIP) 
clients, entrepreneurs as well as the Issuer's own employees. 
As of 31 December 2023, the total assets of the Raiffeisen Group's Retail Banking amounted to CZK 274.3 
billion, a year-on-year increase of 2.2 per cent. compared to CZK 268.3 billion as of 31 December 2022. As of 
31 December 2023, the total liabilities of the Raiffeisen Group's Retail Banking amounted to CZK 430.7 billion, 
a year-on-year increase of 7.1 per cent. compared to CZK 402.1 billion as of 31 December 2022. 
The Issuer believes that affluent clients and high net worth individuals currently constitute one of the fastest 
growing groups of banking clients in the market and will continue to do so in the future. The relatively 
underdeveloped private banking market in the Czech Republic has, according to the Issuer, significant potential 
and the Issuer believes that local private banking services in the Czech Republic currently administer only a 
fraction of all assets that fall within this segment, which is why there may be big potential to increase this share. 
The remainder of such assets is deposited either with Czech banks outside the private banking sector (i.e., 
ordinary deposit products offered by upper-mass and affluent banking competitors) or abroad. The Issuer 
therefore believes that the Czech retail market could grow considerably in the next years. 
Raiffeisen Premium Banking Concept 
The Issuer's branches opened since 2009 are based on the Raiffeisen "Premium Banking Concept", which is a 
service intended for clients with monthly incomes exceeding CZK 50,000. The Issuer expects to continue 
focusing on this segment in the future. Among other services, the Issuer provides an individual tailor-made 
financial advisory service, a range of premium credit cards with additional benefits and a priority service in both 
call centres and branches as part of the Raiffeisen Premium Banking Concept. 
Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen 
The Issuer offers a private banking service entitled "Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen" (FWR). The Issuer currently 
operates specialised branches in Prague, Brno, Pardubice, Olomouc and Ostrava for private banking clients under 
the FWR label. As part of the FWR service, the Issuer offers professional investment advice, regional product 
specialisation with the possibility of purchasing any global investment product, and an exclusive club under the 
Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen brand. 
Since September 2019, FWR clients can invest in the FWR Strategy. In 2023, the volume of funds managed by 
FWR increased by almost 11 per cent., and at the same time, the volume of invested money rose by more than 
23 per cent. year on year. The FWR Strategy involve client investing through qualified investor funds, which are 
now significantly increasing in popularity among private banking clients. Each strategy contains a different ratio 
of shares and bonds and the minimum initial investment in the fund is CZK 5 million, whereas each subsequent 
investment must be at least CZK 1 million. 
Credit Cards 
The Issuer offers its clients an attractive portfolio of new credit cards that match the needs of customers from 
different segments.  
The current portfolio of credit cards offered by the Issuer consists of six different card products, each designed 
for a different customer segment: (i) the EASY card for customers who are looking primarily for an additional 
source of money; (ii) the STYLE card that offers shopping benefits and premiums which correspond to the 
amount of spending; (iii) the RB PREMIUM card with a high level of care and customer service and support 
included along with the card; (iv) VISA GOLD designed for easier travel, including year-round travel insurance; 
(v) O2 cobrand card with benefits designed for customers of O2 mobile operator e.g. discounts for O2 services; 
and (vi) CSA cobrand card with benefits designed for customers of Czech Airlines incl. loyalty miles collection 
and free travel insurance.  
The Issuer's credit cards programmes include, among others, a range of benefits including rewards for card spend, 
proprietary country-wide merchant discount program – Premium RB Club or attractive insurance packages 
(including payment protection, travel, fraud, extended warranty, lowest price guarantee and others). The Issuer

--- Page 380 ---
- 380 - 
 
 
 
is a long-term market leader in instalment programs associated with Issuer’s credit cards, allowing customer to 
repay selected transactions (payments as well as fund transfers from the credit card to customer’s current account) 
via monthly instalment plans with more favourable interest rates and tenors from 12 to 60 months. 
Mortgages 
From 1999 onwards, the Issuer has provided mortgage loans for private individuals. The overall volume of 
Raiffeisen Group's total mortgages amounts to CZK 171.5 billion as of 31 December 2023 and CZK 173.9 billion 
as of 31 December 2022. The Issuer's mortgage portfolio contains residential mortgages, interest only residential 
mortgages, home equity mortgages, single account mortgages and asset-backed mortgages. Several of the Issuer's 
products are unique or rare in the Czech mortgage market (such as its variable mortgages, offset mortgages and 
mortgages with both fixed and floating interest rates.  
As of December 2023, the Issuer is the 5th largest provider in the mortgage loan market in terms of market share.60 
Current Account 
In January 2020, the Issuer introduced new tariffs. First of all, “AKTIVNÍ účet” (in English, ACTIVE account) 
offers an all-inclusive account for one transparent fee: account management, including sub-accounts for up to 
ninetheen foreign currencies, two payment cards, a credit card, Internet banking, authorised overdraft, a savings 
account with favourable interest rate if current account is used actively, and smart phone banking. The second 
product launched in January 2020 was “CHYTRÝ účet” (in English, SMART account). It´s free of charge without 
any conditions. CHYTRÝ účet also offers withdrawals from all ATMs in the Czech Republic free of charge. 
That´s its main competitive advantage. The Issuer also offers “PRÉMIOVÝ účet” (in English, PREMIUM 
account) and “EXKLUZIVNÍ účet” (in English, EXCLUSIVE account) accounts for clients with higher income 
or deposits and investments in the bank.  
As a result of the Invasion of Ukraine, the Issuer decided to offer to Ukrainian war refugees that fled Ukraine 
and came into the Czech Republic “AKTIVNÍ účet” free of payment, as well as to contribute CZK 2,500 to any 
such opened account. 
3. Treasury 
The Issuer's Treasury Segment includes interbank transactions, asset – liability management and securities 
trading. The treasury segment provides all types of foreign exchange and interest rate hedging instruments to its 
clients as well as internally within the Issuer, in both Czech Koruna and other major currencies. 
4. Other 
Other ancillary activities carried on by the Issuer include equity investments and other non-interest bearing assets 
and liabilities of the Issuer that cannot be allocated to segments referred to above such as capital, subordinated 
deposits and capital investments. The Issuer also records operating income and expense that cannot be assigned 
to any specific segment. These include the creation of provision for other receivables and fraud losses. 
In addition to the products described above, the Issuer offers its retail customers a broad range of products and 
services, including general purpose loans, car loans, credit and debit cards, foreign exchange services, wireless 
payments via mobile phones, payment and collection services, deposit and overdraft accounts, securities trading, 
asset management products, ATMs, telephone banking, internet banking and mobile banking and life and non-
life insurance products. 
 
60 Source: Information from the Czech Ministry of Regional Development (in Czech, Ministerstvo pro místní rozvoj).

--- Page 381 ---
- 381 - 
 
 
 
Distribution Channels 
Branches and Retail Centres 
As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer has a branch network in the Czech Republic consisting of 119 branches (the 
Raiffeisen Group had 163 branches in total on a consolidated basis) and client centres in 14 regions of the Czech 
Republic including branches focused on the Raiffeisen Premium Banking Concept and 6 branches which cater 
for the Issuer's FWR concept. These branches provide customers with a wide range of services. All the Issuer's 
branches are retail-related with 24 corporate centres and 25 mortgage centres operated on branch premises. 
ATMs, Internet Banking and Phone Banking 
In addition to its branch network the Issuer uses direct distribution channels such as ATMs, internet banking and 
GSM services. As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer operated direct Internet Banking and GSM Banking services 
available to customers in all of its business segments and operated a total of 184 ATMs, of which 57 were located 
in Prague. As of 31 December 2023, 100 per cent. of the Issuer's ATMs had a contactless reader, thanks to which 
customers can withdraw money with their card or using their phone or watch with Apple Pay and RaiPay. 
Competition61 
The Issuer faces increasing competition in the banking and financial services market in the Czech Republic. Such 
competition has become more intense as a result of the opening of the financial services market following the 
Czech Republic's accession to the EU on 1 May 2004. The Issuer competes with other banks, financial services 
firms and a wide range of insurance companies in providing mutual fund, capital markets and advisory services 
and financial and insurance products. Many foreign-owned banks operating in the Czech market are expanding 
the range of services they offer. 
Currently, the Czech banking market is highly concentrated. Although there are only a few competitors 
comparable in size and scope of business to the Issuer, the Issuer may also face increased competition from less 
established banks and financial institutions or new entrants seeking to offer more attractive interest or deposit 
rates or other aggressively-priced products to penetrate the market. Recently, the Czech banking market has seen 
the emergence of several low-cost banks primarily focused on providing internet-based banking services.  
In 2023, the Issuer continued to face tight economic conditions, which also had a strong impact on the banking 
sector. High inflation, consistently high interest rates, and the uncertainty of future developments deterred 
households and companies from spending and investing. This led to a drop in demand for corporate and retail 
loans. The conversion of corporate loans denominated in CZK to EUR loans has been slowing down in proportion 
to the narrowing gap between Czech crown and euro interest rates. However, the share of EUR loans remains at 
historically high levels. Although the mortgage market gradually gained strength throughout the year, it remained 
well below pre-Covid levels. Consumer loans maintained stable demand. The propensity to save continued to 
strengthen, and deposits grew faster than in the previous year. In addition, the amount of “excess deposits”, i.e. 
deposits above the trend level of 2019, remained above the CZK 400 billion mark throughout the year, and there 
is still no sign that they will be drawn down over the long term.62 
Even in 2023, the Issuer maintained its attractive position as the fifth strongest bank with a 6.81 per cent. share 
of the total assets of the banking sector. It has a 7.99 per cent. market share in total deposits and manages 8.48 
per cent. of the total loan portfolio of the banking sector. In terms of the time structure of deposits at the Issuer, 
time deposits dominated last year, reflecting the overall market trend. They increased at an exceptionally faster 
pace than demand deposits, which is why their share of the Issuer’s total deposits rose to 27 per cent. The Issuer 
currently manages 6.14 per cent. of all time deposits. Household deposits, which make up almost 60 per cent. of 
all the Issuer deposits, grew by more than 7 per cent. last year, and the Issuer currently has a market share of 
 
61 Figures in this section are on an individual basis. 
62 Source for the data in this paragraph: The Issuer’s 2023 Annual Report.

--- Page 382 ---
- 382 - 
 
 
 
9.31 per cent. The Issuer’s corporate clients increased their deposits by 3.3 per cent., and this gave the Issuer a 
market share of 9.73 per cent. Business clients were forced to draw on their savings last year. The volume of 
their deposits decreased by 16 per cent., and this reduced the market share to 5.35 per cent.63  
Despite the above-mentioned drop in demand for new loans, corporate loans provided by the Issuer maintained 
a decent growth rate. The volume of these loans increased by more than 8 per cent., and the Issuer now has a 
market share of 9.34 per cent. In the household segment, the Issuer manages 8.34 per cent. of all loans in the 
banking sector. The best results were achieved by consumer loans with an increase of more than 9 per cent., 
bringing the Issuer’s market share to 16.31 per cent. For mortgages, on the contrary, the Issuer did not reach the 
market growth rate, and its market share decreased to 7.57 per cent. The unfavourable economic climate 
manifested itself most strongly in the self-employed client segment. The volume of loan fell by more than 9 per 
cent., reducing the Issuer’s market share to 5.46 per cent.64 The Issuer's principal competitors, both in the retail 
banking and SME segments as well as in the corporate banking, are Československá obchodní banka, a. s., 
Komerční banka, a.s., Česká spořitelna, a.s. and UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s.  
Recent Events Particular to the Issuer 
The Issuer fulfils all its debts duly and on time. The Issuer is aware of the following recent events specific to it 
that could be of significant importance in assessing the Issuer's solvency. 
Windfall tax 
With the effect for the years 2023 to 2025, a "windfall tax" as a subcategory of corporate income tax was 
introduced to the Czech tax system. It is payable on extraordinary profits of certain taxpayers at the rate of 60 per 
cent. in addition to the regular corporate income tax. The windfall tax is applicable to the Issuer and although it 
did not have material effect on the financial results of the Issuer in 2023, it represents additional costs for the 
Issuer in the following years. For details see also the risk factor Changes and developments in laws or regulations 
in the Czech Republic and the EU, including legislation relating to the financial and banking sectors, may have 
a material adverse impact on the Issuer above. 
Cease of remuneration of minimum reserves 
On 7 September 2023, the CNB Bank Board decided to end the remuneration of minimum reserves with effect 
from 5 October 2023, the first day of the new reserve maintenance period. The CNB took this step to lower the 
cost of implementing monetary policy while preserving its effectiveness. The ECB adopted a similar decision in 
July 2023. Until then, the minimum reserves were remunerated by the two-week repo rate announced by the 
CNB, which was at 7 per cent. at that time. This step will likely be reflected by a lower net interest income of the 
Issuer in 2024. 
Acquisition of Equa Bank a.s. 
On 6 February 2021, RBI signed an agreement on the acquisition of 100 per cent. of the shares of (i) Equa bank 
a.s. (Equa bank) and (ii) Equa Sales and Distribution s.r.o. from Equa Group Limited, through the Issuer. The 
transaction was cleared by the Czech competition authority and closed at the end of the second quarter of 2021. 
The acquisition was part of RBI Group’s strategy to expand its presence in selected focus markets. The business 
models of Equa bank and of the Issuer were very complementary, which is why the transaction ultimately lead to 
strategic synergies as well as enhanced digital capabilities.  
Equa bank focused on consumer lending and served 519,000 customers as of 31 December 2021. As of 31 
December 2021, Equa bank had total assets of almost CZK 73.7 billion and achieved a profit of CZK 553 million 
(increase of 181 per cent. year on year), making it the most profitable year in Equa bank’s history.  
 
63 Source for the data in this paragraph: The Issuer’s 2023 Annual Report. 
64 Source for the data in this paragraph: The Issuer’s 2023 Annual Report.

--- Page 383 ---
- 383 - 
 
 
 
As of 1 January 2022, Equa bank fully merged with the Issuer and ceased to exist as an individual company, 
whereas all products offered under the Equa bank brand are now distributed by the Issuer, thereby allowing 
realization of the identified synergies. 
Acquisition of Akcenta CZ a.s. 
On 15 February 2021, RBI entered into an agreement to purchase Akcenta CZ a.s., a payment institution that 
executes payment and currency trade operations for exporters and importers. According to the current ownership 
structure, RBI acquired a 70 per cent. stake in Akcenta and the remaining 30 per cent. is owned by the Issuer. 
The transaction became effective on 1 June 2021. 
Referral Agreement with ING Bank N.V. 
On 16 February 2021, the Issuer signed a referral agreement with ING Bank N.V. (ING) on the re-contracting of 
ING’s Czech retail customers which give the current ING retail clients the opportunity to become the Issuer’s 
customers and transfer their savings and investment assets to the Issuer. 
The transaction was subject to approval of the Czech competition authority which was granted on 5 March 2021. 
Share capital increase 
On 27 April 2021 the Issuer’s share capital increased from CZK 11,060,800,000 composed of 1,106,080 ordinary 
shares to CZK 15,460,800,000 composed of 1,546,080 ordinary shares. The purpose of share capital increase is 
capital strengthening of the Issuer allowing its further development. 
Credit Rating 
On 21 March 2023, Moody's granted the Issuer following credit ratings: 
• 
Long-term Rating – A2 
• 
Short-term Rating - P-1 
• 
Outlook: Stable 
Moody's appends long-term obligation ratings at the following levels: Aaa, Aa, A, Baa, Ba, B, Caa, Ca and C. 
To each generic rating category from Aa to Caa Moody's assigns the numerical modifiers "1", "2" and "3". The 
modifier "1" indicates that the bank is in the higher end of its letter-rating category, the modifier "2" indicates a 
mid-range ranking and the modifier "3" indicates that the bank is in the lower end of its letter-rating category. 
Moody's also has the option of adding further guidance (referred to as "under review") as to whether a rating is 
likely to be upgraded (possible upgrade), downgraded (possible downgrade) or uncertain (direction uncertain). 
Outlooks are assigned indicating the direction of any pressure. Characteristics are positive, negative, stable and 
developing. Moody's short-term ratings are opinions of the ability of issuers to honour short-term financial 
obligations and range from P-1, P-2, P-3 down to NP (Not Prime). 
Material Changes in the Issuer´s Borrowing and Financing Structure 
Since the last financial year, there has been no material changes in the Issuer´s borrowing and financing structure. 
Issuer is not dependent on the external financing as the customer´s deposits and its equity exceed client´s loans.  
Description of the Expected Financing of the Issuer’s activities 
The strategy of the Issuer for the upcoming years remains unchanged. The emphasis will be put on the deposits 
of the retail and commercial clients. The goal is to be self-financing bank using these sources of financing 
together with the equity of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the Issuer has a note programme enabling issuance of subordinated notes indented to qualify as 
Tier 2 instruments, ordinary senior eligible notes and non-preferred senior eligible notes. Amongst others, this

--- Page 384 ---
- 384 - 
 
 
 
programme serves as a source of subordinated liabilities to fulfil the MREL requirement. So far in 2024, the 
Issuer has made three issuances of non-preferred senior eligible notes under the above programme. 
Corporate Structure 
Raiffeisen Group conducts its operations in the Czech Republic through various principal subsidiaries. The 
Issuer's relationship to and shareholdings in its subsidiaries as of the date of this Base Prospectus are shown in 
the following diagram: 
Some of the subsidiaries shown in the diagram above are not consolidated in the Issuer's financial statements 
due to their immateriality. For an overview of companies that are consolidated in the Issuer's financial statements 
as of 31 December 2023, see Description of the Issuer – Raiffeisen Group above. 
Raiffeisen investiční společnost a.s. 
RIS commenced its operations in mid-2013 upon listing its first two funds on the capital market. By 31 December 
2023, RIS managed funds with a total value of more than CZK 44 billion (CZK 37 billion as of 31 December 
2022). 
RIS funds include a full range of investment opportunities for all types of investors depending on their risk 
profile. The most popular funds are Strategie fund for the three most common types of clients and Raiffeisen 
Sustainable Development Fund, to which unit holders invested more than half of the total volume. 
100%
100%
100%
30%
30%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
10%
90%
100%
100%
100%
100%
77%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
10%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
33%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
Médea Property, s.r.o.
RDI Management, 
s.r.o.
Kybelé Property, s.r.o.
Melite Property, s.r.o.
Mneme Property, s.r.o.
Karpó Property, s.r.o.
Lité Property, s.r.o.
Akcenta Logistic a.s. v 
likvidaci
AKCENTA DE 
GmbH
Akcenta CZ a.s.
Akcenta Digital 
s.r.o
Nerudova 
Property s.r.o.
RDI Czech 5, s.r.o.
RDI Czech 1, s.r.o.
RDI Czech 3, s.r.o.
Orchideus Property, s. 
r. o.
Viktor Property, s.r.o.
Hestia Property, s.r.o.
Appolon Property, 
s.r.o.
RLRE Carina Property, 
s.r.o.
Sky Solar Distribuce 
s.r.o.
RESIDENCE PARK 
TŘEBEŠ, s.r.o.
RDI Czech 4, s.r.o.
RDI Czech 6, s.r.o.
Létó Property, s.r.o.
Raiffeisenbank a.s.
Raiffeisen - Leasing, 
s.r.o.
Raiffeisen investiční 
společnost a.s.
Raiffeisen FinCorp, 
s.r.o.
Luna Property, s.r.o.
Raiffeisen Direct 
Investments CZ s.r.o.
Raiffeisen stavební 
spořitelna a.s.
RLRE Ypsilon Property, 
s.r.o.
Sao Property s.r.o.
Antiopa Property, 
s.r.o.
Nefelé Property, s.r.o.
Thallos Property, s.r.o.
Dota Property, s.r.o.
Epifron Property, s.r.o.
Erginos Property, s.r.o.
Neso Property s.r.o.
Panope Property, s.r.o.
Charis Property, s.r.o.
Raiffeisen Broker, s.r.o.
Kalypso Property, 
s.r.o.
Fortunella Property, 
s.r.o.
Doris Property, s.r.o.
Galene Property, s.r.o.
Fallopia Property, 
s.r.o.
Ananké Property, s.r.o.
Agave Property, s.r.o.
Abelin Property, s.r.o.
Bytové družstvo 
Žerotínova 58

--- Page 385 ---
- 385 - 
 
 
 
Raiffeisen-Leasing, s.r.o. 
Raiffeisen-Leasing was founded in 1994 and as part of the Raiffeisen Group, it specialises in providing leasing 
services to both corporate entities and private individuals. 
Raiffeisen-Leasing has been operating on the Czech market for 30 years, and from the very beginning, it has 
maintained a stable role as a reliable and responsible financial partner.  
The total volume of new investments financed by Raiffeisen-Leasing rose to CZK 13.2 billion in 2023 (CZK 
12.6 billion in 2022). In absolute numbers, this is the highest volume of financing since the establishment of 
Raiffeisen-Leasing and a year-on-year increase of 5 per cent. The total book value of the Raiffeisen - Leasing's 
assets as of 31 December 2023 amounted to CZK 35.3 billion (CZK 28.5 billion in 2022). Raiffeisen - Leasing's 
profit after tax in 2023 totalled CZK 666.8 million (CZK 469.3 million in 2022).  
Raiffeisen-Leasing offers companies and individuals a unique range of financing for their investment needs. 
Raiffeisen-Leasing finances automobiles, heavier transport vehicles, machinery, equipment, and technology. It 
also often provides financing to corporate clientele for specific assets, such as aircraft and locomotives. 
Raiffeisen-Leasing has unique knowledge relating to the non-bank financing of real estate, thanks to which it 
has contributed to the construction and renovation of hotels, business centres, residential quarters, and similar 
projects. In 2019, Raiffeisen-Leasing added consultation relating to subsidies to its portfolio of services, which 
is popular and highly valued by its clients. 
In 2023, the portfolio of fleet cars financed for clients through operational leasing with services grew 
significantly. Raiffeisen-Leasing further strengthened its cross-selling activities in cooperation with 
Raiffeisenbank and continued with activities leading to automation and digitalisation. The financing of ESG 
projects, which contributes to responsible and sustainable business, played an important role. A priority for 
Raiffeisen-Leasing is the development of services and products that lead to the satisfaction of clients and business 
partners, and this will continue to be the case in 2024. 
Raiffeisen stavební spořitelna a.s. 
RSTS has operated in the Czech market since September 1993, originally under the name AR Stavební spořitelna 
a.s. RSTS was integrated into the Raiffeisen Group in 1998 when Raiffeisen Bausparkasse GmbH increased its 
stake in RSTS to 75 per cent., and the remaining 25 per cent. stake in RSTS was acquired by the Issuer. In 2005, 
Raiffeisen Bausparkasse GmbH transferred its share to its company, Raiffeisen Bausparkassen Holding GmbH, 
which became the integrating link between the savings banks of the RBI Group in various countries. As of 27 
August 2008, following the merger of RSTS with the former HYPO stavební spořitelna a.s., the share of the 
Issuer in RSTS decreased to 10 per cent. The remaining 90 per cent. was owned by Raiffeisen Bausparkassen 
Holding GmbH. In December 2020, the Issuer completed the acquisition of 90 per cent. stake in RSTS from 
Raiffeisen Bausparkasse GmbH. Therefore, as of December 2020, RSTS was fully owned by the Issuer. 
Similar to 2022, the performance of RSTS was also affected in 2023 by significant external and internal 
influences. Once again, this involved inflation, with an average rate in the Czech Republic of 10.7 per cent. 
Throughout 2023, the CNB maintained a restrictive monetary policy with the aim of suppressing inflation, but 
of course also with a negative impact on demand for real estate financing. One of the most significant factors 
affecting building societies was the government’s proposed legislative package aimed at consolidating the state 
budget. Part of this legislative package was, among other things, an amendment to Act No. 96/1993 Coll., on 
building savings and state support for building savings, which introduced a reduction of the state support for 
building savings deposits to 5 per cent. of the saved amount from the original 10 per cent., with effect from 1 
January 2024. However, the new system only resulted into insignificant outflow of client deposits from RSTS 
and no systemic threat either to the Issuer, the Raiffeisen Group or the banking sector was detected. 
In 2023, RSTS concluded about 87,000 building savings contracts and overall, the number of new construction 
savings contracts on the market decreased by 16 per cent. The number of building society clients as of 31

--- Page 386 ---
- 386 - 
 
 
 
December 2023 reached almost 3.2 million. The RSTS’ net profit amounted to CZK 827 million in 2023, which 
is 76.8 per cent. more than in 2022. 
RSTS provided new loans to clients in a total volume of CZK 7.1 billion in 2023, which is a year-on-year 
decrease of 42 per cent. 
Principal Markets 
The Issuer operates primarily in the Czech market and is present in all regions of the Czech Republic. It is a 
universal bank and offers services to both foreign and domestic retail clients, small and medium enterprises, 
large corporate customers, institutional clients and high net worth individuals, in both Czech Koruna and foreign 
currencies. 
Information and Communication Technology 
ICT systems used by the Issuer are crucial to its businesses operations (and the expansion thereof), operating 
efficiency, risk management and control systems. The Issuer's ICT Services provides both IT development and 
IT operation functions based on the continuous improvement and process management. The provision of 
centrally managed ICT services is driven by the objective of creating reliable and secure systems, while ensuring 
cost efficiency and sharing synergies.  
The Issuer owns a number of production data centres. For IT applications crucial to its business, the Issuer 
maintains disaster recovery systems. In accordance with international standards, the Issuer has adopted various 
instruments and measures to secure the business continuity of its operations. These measures are implemented 
in accordance with the internal business continuity management (BCM) rules of the Issuer, which establish 
principles to prevent and manage the risk of disruption to company operations.  
Based on the BCM standards, the Issuer evaluates such risk and formulates business continuity plans (BCPs) 
and disaster recovery plans (DRPs). BCPs and DRPs are regularly tested at back-up workplaces. The data centres 
were established to ensure the system and disk settings are efficiently updated and the elements of the network 
used for the same are in accordance with international standards. These data centres are equipped with backup 
generators and other security elements.

--- Page 387 ---
- 387 - 
 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
The Raiffeisen Group takes on exposure to market risks arising from open positions of transactions with interest 
rate, equity and currency instruments which are sensitive to the changes of conditions on financial markets. 
Types of Risks Managed  
The Raiffeisen Group is exposed to the following types of risk: 
• 
market risk; 
• 
liquidity risk; 
• 
foreign currency risk; 
• 
interest rate risk; 
• 
equity risk; 
• 
operational risk; and  
• 
credit risk. 
The Raiffeisen Group has identified seven main types of risk to which it is exposed and which it has chosen to 
actively manage. The Raiffeisen Group manages risks associated with its trading activities on the level of 
individual risks and types of financial instruments. The key risk management tools are limits for individual 
transaction volumes and individual position volumes, stop loss limits and VaR limits. 
The Raiffeisen Group performs regular stress testing of the interest rate risk inherent in the banking and trading 
portfolios, the foreign currency risk, option risk, market spread risk and the liquidity risk. 
Market Risk 
The Raiffeisen Group facilitates market risk management by using a set of limits for individual positions and 
portfolios. The set of limits consist of limits determined by the CNB, the regulator, which are complemented by 
the limits set by the parent bank, RBI, in a standardised way for the whole CEE region. In some cases, the set of 
limits is complemented by other internal limits and methods that reflect the specifications of local markets that 
the Raiffeisen Group is exposed to. 
The Raiffeisen Group monitors both aggregate and individual market risks using the VaR method. VaR 
represents the potential loss arising from an adverse movement on the market within a certain time period with 
a certain confidence level. Since the beginning of 2021, VaR for the Raiffeisen Group and the banking book has 
been measured based on a twenty-day holding period with a 99 per cent. confidence level. A one-day holding 
period is retained for the trading book (including currency positions). The calculation reflects mutual correlations 
of individual risk factors (currency rates, interest rates, market spreads and equity market prices). 
The below table shows the total market risk of the Raiffeisen Group ascertained through the VaR method as of 
and average for the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
Average in 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
Average in 2022 
 
(in CZK million) 
Total market risk VaR 
2,018 
1,717 
1,496 
1,047 
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk includes both the risk of the Raiffeisen Group's inability to raise funds to cover the Raiffeisen 
Group's assets using instruments with appropriate maturity and the risk of the Raiffeisen Group's inability to sell 
assets at a reasonable price within a reasonable time frame. 
The following table shows the remaining maturity of contractual cash flows arising from financial liabilities of 
the Raiffeisen Group in millions of Czech Koruna as of 31 December 2023:

--- Page 388 ---
- 388 - 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
 
Net book 
value 
Total 
Contractual 
Liability 
0 – 1 months 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
Over 5 years 
 
 
(in CZK million) 
Financial liabilities held for 
trading – Derivatives held for 
trading .....................................  
4,678 
4,845 
258  
491  
1,526  
2,228  
342  
Deposits from banks ...............  
23,719 
24,779 
6,672  
25 
8,878 
9,204 
- 
Deposits from customers .........  
593,995 
594,212 
497,236 
45,681 
22,992 
24,538 
3,765 
Debt securities issued ..............  
36,312 
40,922 
893 
4,253 
539 
35,237 
- 
Subordinated liabilities and 
bonds .......................................  
5,232 
7,302 
- 
34 
349 
4,270 
2,649 
Other financial liabilities .........  
6,924 
7,001 
6,027 
57 
263 
578 
76 
Negative fair value of hedging 
derivatives ...............................  
12,725 
13,833 
302 
828 
2,289 
8,450 
1,964 
Off-balance sheet items(1) ........  
150,676 
150,676 
150,676 
-  
 - 
 - 
-  
Total .......................................  
834,261 
843,570 
662,064 
51,369 
36,836 
84,505 
8,796 
Note: 
(1)  
Off-balance sheet items include all irrevocable credit commitments provided to the Raiffeisen Group's customers, guarantee 
commitments, and guarantees and letters of credit provided to customers. 
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report 
The following table shows the remaining maturity of contractual cash flows arising from financial liabilities of 
the Raiffeisen Group in thousands of Czech Koruna as of 31 December 2022:  
As of 31 December 2022  
 
Net book 
value 
Total 
Contractual 
Liability 
0 – 1 months 
1 – 3 months 
3 – 12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
Over 5 years 
 
 
(in CZK million) 
Financial liabilities held for 
trading - Derivatives held for 
trading .....................................  
7,968 
7,968 
862 
1,170 
954 
2,647 
2,335 
Deposits from banks ...............  
10,669 
10,895 
2,914 
- 
5,460 
2,521 
- 
Deposits from customers .........  
550,061 
550,890 
457,299 
39,922 
26,892 
21,889 
4,888 
Debt securities issued ..............  
24,553 
27,774 
- 
3,181 
500 
15,567 
8,526 
Subordinated liabilities and 
bonds .......................................  
5,162 
7,090 
- 
14 
265 
1,166 
5,645 
Other financial liabilities .........  
6,144 
6,240 
5,086 
59 
263 
695 
137 
Negative fair value of hedging 
derivatives ...............................  
17,658 
17,658 
934 
698 
58 
7,229 
8,739 
Off-balance sheet items(1) ........  
154,915 
154,915 
154,915 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total .......................................  
777,130 
783,430 
622,010 
45,044 
34,392 
51,714 
30,270 
Note: 
(1)  
Off-balance sheet items include all irrevocable credit commitments provided to the Raiffeisen Group's customers, guarantee 
commitments, and guarantees and letters of credit provided to customers.  
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report 
The Raiffeisen Group has access to diversified sources of funding, which comprise deposits and other savings, 
issued securities, loans accepted including subordinated loans and the of the Raiffeisen Group's equity. This 
diversification makes the Raiffeisen Group flexible and reduces its dependency on one source of funding. The 
Raiffeisen Group regularly evaluates its liquidity exposure, in particular by monitoring the changes in the 
structure of financing and comparing these changes with the Raiffeisen Group's liquidity risk management 
strategy, which is approved by the Issuer's Board of Directors. As part of its liquidity risk management strategy,

--- Page 389 ---
- 389 - 
 
 
 
the Raiffeisen Group also holds a portion of its assets in highly liquid instruments, such as government treasury 
bills and similar bonds and repurchase transactions with the CNB. 
The Raiffeisen Group uses internal statistical models for diversification of the maturity of client deposits. These 
models are reassessed on a regular basis. 
Foreign Currency Risk 
The foreign currency risk is the risk arising from currency markets. The source of this risk is the Raiffeisen 
Group's foreign currency position which arises from the mismatch of the Raiffeisen Group's assets and liabilities, 
including the currency-sensitive off-balance sheet items. The majority of foreign currency gains or losses is due 
to changes in foreign currency rates in currency positions of the Raiffeisen Group denominated in EUR and 
USD. 
Foreign currency risk is managed by setting trading limits. The Raiffeisen Group uses a set of limits established 
by reference to the standards of the RBI Group. The limits are set for individual currencies and for the overall 
currency position. Internal currency position limits fully respect the limits set by the local regulatory body. These 
techniques are complemented by monitoring currency risks using VaR. 
The below table shows the foreign currency risk ascertained through the VaR method as of and average for the 
year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
Average in 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
Average in 2022 
 
(in CZK million) 
Foreign currency 
position VaR 
1 
1 
1 
1 
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report 
Interest Rate Risk 
The Raiffeisen Group is exposed to interest rate risk since the interest-bearing assets and liabilities have different 
maturity dates, periods of interest rate changes/adjustments and volumes during these periods. In the case of 
variable interest rates, the Raiffeisen Group is exposed to a basis risk arising from the difference in the 
mechanism of adjusting individual types of interest rates, such as PRIBOR, announced interest on deposits, etc. 
The interest rate risk of the Raiffeisen Group is primarily impacted by the development in interbank interest 
rates, including the negative rates. The Raiffeisen Group's interest rate risk management activities are aimed at 
optimising the Raiffeisen Group's net interest income in accordance with its strategy approved by the Board of 
Directors. In managing the interest rate risk, the Raiffeisen Group uses (as in the case of liquidity management) 
statistical models for distribution of those items where it is unable to determine the exact moment of repricing 
of interest rates or contractual maturity (for example on current accounts). 
The Raiffeisen Group mostly uses interest rate derivatives to manage the mismatch between the rate-sensitivity 
of assets and liabilities. These derivative transactions are concluded in accordance with the asset and liability 
management strategy as approved by the Issuer's Board of Directors. 
Part of the Raiffeisen Group's income is generated through a targeted mismatch between rate-sensitive assets 
and rate-sensitive liabilities. In managing the interest rate risk, the carrying amounts of these assets and liabilities 
and the nominal (notional) values of interest rate derivatives are recorded either in the year in which they are due 
or in which the interest rate resets, whichever occurs first. Due to the anticipated preliminary repayment or 
undefined maturity dates, certain assets or liabilities are allocated to individual periods based on an expert 
estimate. 
The Raiffeisen Group manages the interest rate risk of the banking book and the trading book separately, at the 
level of individual currencies. The interest rate position is monitored based on the sensitivity of the position to 
the shift in the interest rate curve (BPV). The BPV (basis point value) method involves determining the change 
in the present value (both in total and individual time periods) of the portfolio when interest rates shift by one 
basis point (0.01 per cent.). This method is complemented by monitoring interest rate risks using the VaR 
method.

--- Page 390 ---
- 390 - 
 
 
 
The below table shows the interest rate risk ascertained through the VaR method as of and average for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 (the year-on-year change in the indicator can be attributed to both the 
modified methodology (20-day holding period) and the increased strategic interest rate position established to 
stabilise the net interest income): 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
Average in 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
Average in 2022 
 
(in CZK million) 
Total interest rate risk VaR 
1,665 
1,623 
1,515 
1,064 
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report 
Equity Risk 
Equity risk is the risk of fluctuations of prices of (i) equity instruments held in the Raiffeisen Group's portfolio; 
and (ii) financial derivatives related to these instruments. This risk predominantly arises from trading with equity 
instruments. As the Raiffeisen Group does not trade shares on its own account, it is exposed to indirect equity 
risk arising from the shares held by the Raiffeisen Group as collateral for customer loans.  
Equity risk is managed by trading position limits. Market risks arising from the Raiffeisen Group's equity trading 
activities are managed using the limits of maximum open positions in equity instruments together with the VaR 
method. At the end of 2013, the Raiffeisen Group suspended trading with equity instruments. Therefore, the 
limits are set to zero. 
Market Spread Risk 
To determine the risk of change in market spreads for forward exchange contracts (in the trading portfolio) and 
for its own positions in debt instruments (state and corporate), the Raiffeisen Group also uses the VaR method. 
The below table shows the market spread risk ascertained through the VaR method as of and average for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
 
As of 31 December 2023 
Average in 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
Average in 2022 
 
(in CZK million) 
Total market spread VaR 
1,750 
1,220 
829 
809 
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss arising from the inappropriateness or failure of internal processes, 
human errors or failures of systems or the risk of loss arising from external events. 
In respect of the operational risk, the Raiffeisen Group applies the standardised approach to calculating capital 
adequacy. In the future, it intends to implement the advanced (AMA) approach. The Raiffeisen Group has 
completed the phase of preparation so that the advanced approach could be applied. The Raiffeisen Group is 
planning to file the application for the regulator's approval of this approach in coordination with the parent 
company RBI.  
The basic principle is the responsibility of each employee for the identification and escalation of the operational 
risk and for timely and accurate reporting of incidents. The Raiffeisen Group has a central operational risk 
management function in place, which is responsible for the setting of the methodology, measurements or analyses 
and which provides methodical support to managers. 
Operational risk management primarily draws upon the following: 
(a) 
event data collection; 
(b) 
general ledger analysis;

--- Page 391 ---
- 391 - 
 
 
 
(c) 
risk assessment; 
(d) 
scenario analysis; 
(e) 
early warning indicators; and  
(f) 
mitigation plans. 
The objective of collecting data on the losses arising from operational risk events is not only to accumulate 
information but predominantly to analyse them. More serious cases are presented to and discussed by the 
Operational Risk Management Committee. Through the Operational Risk Management Committee, the 
Raiffeisen Group also presents, discusses and approves measures aimed at minimising or fully eliminating further 
occurrence of similar events. Specific responsibilities are determined for the implementation of proposed 
changes and their fulfilment is reviewed by the Operational Risk Management Committee. Other cases are dealt 
with by the relevant departments.  
The general ledger analysis provides reconciliation between the reported loss and its recognition in the books.  
The risk assessment is used to raise awareness of operational risks, clarify individual processes and mitigate the 
operational risks identified. The risk assessment determines the risk of individual processes, organisational units 
or activities. The risk level is a relevant value for taking measures within qualitative risk management.  
The scenario analysis is a process used by the Raiffeisen Group to consider the impact of extreme but probable 
events on its activities, assess the probability of occurrence and estimate significance of the impact on a scale of 
possible results. The scenario analysis aims at: (i) providing a potential method to record a specific event that 
occurred in a specific organisation; and (ii) increasing awareness and educating management by providing insight 
into various types of risks and managing the plan of remedies and investments.  
Early warning indicators are used for the ongoing monitoring and reporting of the risk exposure to operational 
risk. They provide early warning to take possible steps or make changes in the risk profile, which may initiate 
management measures. The monitored early warning indicators include for example the number of dismissed 
employees, the supplier's financial dependence on the Raiffeisen Group, deposit outflows in the retail portfolio, 
complex projects or major projects exceeding two years.  
The Raiffeisen Group defines and reviews the Risk Appetite on a regular basis. In using the above-specified 
instruments, the Raiffeisen Group compares the identified risks with the appetite and prepares mitigation plans 
for the risks that exceed the appetite. 
All instruments are used in a regular annual cycle. 
Credit Risk 
The Raiffeisen Group takes on exposure to credit risks resulting from its trading activities, provision of loans, 
hedging transactions, investment activities and agency services. 
Generally, the Raiffeisen Group requires collateral for loans granted to certain debtors prior to the issuance of 
the loan. To determine the realisable value of collateral of immovable and movable assets, the Raiffeisen Group 
refers to estimates of usual prices revised by a specialised department of the Raiffeisen Group or internal 
assessments prepared by this department of the Raiffeisen Group. In other types of hedging instruments, their 
value including the recalculated value is determined in line with the internal standards of the Raiffeisen Group. 
The realisable value of collateral is subsequently determined by discounting the appraised value using a 
correction coefficient which reflects the Raiffeisen Group's ability to realise the collateral as and when required. 
The Raiffeisen Group regularly reviews and updates collateral values depending on the type and quality of the 
collateral, usually no later than on an annual basis. 
The principal credit risk management methods in Retail division include in particular rating based on the 
application and behavioural scoring. The risks are managed on a portfolio level through the portfolio 
management approach, through the management of the approval process based on the regular monitoring of the 
portfolio quality development, and prediction of potential future loss development.

--- Page 392 ---
- 392 - 
 
 
 
The credit risk in the Non-retail division is measured through rating scales and each rating category is allocated 
a certain risk rate (default probability and a coefficient for determining risk weighted assets). The risk measured 
using this method can be mitigated through collateral according to effective regulations of the CNB. 
The Raiffeisen Group maintains a system of internal limits for individual countries, sectors and clients (or groups 
of economically connected clients) in order to be able to manage risks connected with significant concentration 
of credit risk.  
The Raiffeisen Group has special functions in place which are responsible for the recovery and administration 
of distressed receivables. These functions undertake legal steps, perform the restructuring of receivables, 
communicate with problematic clients, etc. in order to achieve maximum recovery, including collateral recovery, 
and representing the Raiffeisen Group in creditors' committees under insolvency proceedings. 
The measurement of expected credit losses reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is 
determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes, the time value of the money and reasonable and 
supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting date about past events, 
current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. 
The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for financial assets measured at amortized cost and fair 
value through other comprehensive income is an area that requires the use of complex models and significant 
assumptions about future economic conditions and payment behaviour. 
In situations where the existing input parameters, assumptions and modelling do not cover all relevant risks, 
post-model adjustments and additional risk factors are the most important types of management overlays. These 
are used in circumstances where existing inputs, assumptions and model techniques do not capture all relevant 
risk factors. Existing inputs, assumptions and model techniques might not capture all relevant risk factors due to 
transient circumstances, insufficient time to appropriately incorporate relevant new information into the rating 
or re-segmentation of portfolios, and situations when individual lending exposures within a group of lending 
exposures react to factors or events differently than initially expected. 
The estimation of the credit risk for risk management purposes is complex and requires the use of models, as the 
risk varies with changes in market conditions, expected cash flows and the passage of time. The assessment of 
the credit risk of a portfolio of assets entails further estimations as to the likelihood of defaults occurring, the 
associated default ratios and the default correlations between counterparties. The Raiffeisen Group measures 
credit risks using the probability of default (PD), exposure at default (EAD) and loss given default (LGD). This 
is the predominant approach used for the purposes of measuring expected credit losses under IFRS 9. IFRS 9 
prescribes a three-stage model for impairment based on changes in credit quality from the point of initial 
recognition. Under this model, a financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition is classified 
in Stage 1 and has its credit risk continuously monitored. If a significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition is identified, the financial instrument is moved to Stage 2 but is not yet deemed to be credit-impaired. 
If the financial instrument is deemed credit-impaired, it is then moved to Stage 3. Purchased or originated credit-
impaired financial assets (POCI) include expected cash flows used in calculating the credit-adjusted effective 
interest rate upon the initial recognition of the expected credit loss over the entire lifetime of the asset. 
The following table shows the loans and advances to customers and finance lease receivables by default 
categories as of 31 December 2023:  
As of 31 December 2023 
 
Before due 
date 
Less than 1 
month 
1 to 3 
months 
3 to 6 
months 
6 months 
to 1 year 
Over 1 
year 
Total 
 
 
(in CZK million) 
Loans and advances to customers and finance lease receivables 
Stage 1 ....................................  
323,117 
3,348 
34 
15 
6 
2 
326,522 
Stage 2 ....................................  
106,113 
3,570 
711 
115 
4 
3 
110,516 
Stage 3 ....................................  
1,805 
227 
299 
859 
732 
1,861 
5,783 
POCI .......................................  
432 
45 
32 
29 
21 
99 
658 
Gross ......................................  
431,467 
7,190 
1,076 
1,018 
763 
1,965 
443,479 
Loss allowances ......................  
(2,824) 
(329) 
(229) 
(503) 
(392) 
(1,437) 
(5,714) 
Total .......................................  
428,643 
6,861 
847 
515 
371 
528 
437,765

--- Page 393 ---
- 393 - 
 
 
 
The following table shows the loans and advances to customers and finance lease receivables by default 
categories as of 31 December 2022:  
As of 31 December 2022 
 
Before due 
date 
Less than 1 
month 
1 to 3 
months 
3 to 6 
months 
6 months 
to 1 year 
Over 1 
year 
Total 
 
 
(in CZK million) 
Loans and advances to customers and finance lease receivables 
Stage 1 ....................................  
313,050 
2,787 
41 
1 
3 
3 
315,885 
Stage 2 ....................................  
102,533 
1,382 
381 
94 
4 
2 
104,396 
Stage 3 ....................................  
2,214 
327 
485 
315 
426 
1,454 
5,221 
POCI .......................................  
398 
65 
27 
12 
66 
106 
674 
Gross ......................................  
418,195 
4,561 
934 
422 
499 
1,565 
426,176 
Loss allowances ......................  
(3,101) 
(315) 
(177) 
(207) 
(291) 
(1,252) 
(5,343) 
Total .......................................  
415,094 
4,246 
757 
215 
208 
313 
420,833 
The proportion of loans and advances with default increased year-on-year from 1.4 per cent. of the total loan 
portfolio as of 31 December 2022 to 1.45 per cent of the total loan portfolio as of 31 December 2023. The 
coverage by individual loss allowances for loans with default increased to 41.6 per cent. as of 31 December 2023 
from 40.4 per cent. as of 31 December 2022.

--- Page 394 ---
- 394 - 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
The Issuer is a Czech joint-stock company established and operating under Czech law. The Issuer, its 
management and the Issuer's corporate setup are governed in accordance with the Articles of Association of the 
Issuer which can only be amended by a two thirds majority vote of all shareholders present at the General 
Meeting of the Issuer. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the conclusive version of the Articles of Association 
of the Issuer is the wording as of 21 September 2021, as filed in the Issuer's collection of deeds in the Czech 
Commercial Register which is publicly accessible at www.justice.cz. The business address of each of the 
directors (as well as the members of the Supervisory Board and the Audit Committees) is the Issuer's registered 
office at Hvězdova 1716/2b, 140 78 Prague 4, Czech Republic. 
Management Structure and Committees 
The Issuer has a two-tier board system consisting of a Board of Directors and a Supervisory Board. The General 
Meeting of shareholders is the supreme body of the Issuer, which takes the most significant decisions regarding 
the Issuer, such as increases and decreases of share capital, appointments to the Issuer's Supervisory Board or 
approval of its financial statements. The Board of Directors represents the Issuer in all matters and is charged 
with its management, while the Supervisory Board is an independent body responsible for the supervision of the 
Issuer's activities and of the Board of Directors in its management of the Issuer. Under the Czech Corporations 
Act, the Supervisory Board may not make management decisions. However, its prior approval is required by law 
or the Articles of Association for certain matters. 
The Issuer also established the Audit Committee, which is an independent governing body of the Issuer elected 
by and reporting to the General Meeting of shareholders. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer manages the activities of the Issuer, acts on behalf of the Issuer and makes 
decisions in all matters of the Issuer unless such decisions are reserved for the General Meeting or the 
Supervisory Board. The Board of Directors of the Issuer is responsible for the business management of the Issuer 
including, but not limited to, proper bookkeeping and accounting. The operation of the Board of Directors and 
the conduct of its meetings are further regulated in the Bylaws of the Board of Directors. 
Pursuant to its Articles of Association, the Board of Directors of the Issuer consists of eight members, who are 
appointed and recalled by the Supervisory Board. The members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer are 
appointed for a term of three years. There are no limits on reappointment and members are reappointed for a 
term of five years. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors has all eight members. 
The composition of the Board of Directors of the Issuer, and the respective positions of the individual Directors, 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is set out below:  
 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Position 
Commencement 
of Membership in 
Board of 
Directors 
Commencement 
of Current Term 
of Office 
Date of 
Expiration of 
Current Term of 
Office 
Igor Vida 
1967 
Chairman 
1 April 2015 
1 April 2023 
1 April 2028 
František Ježek 
1972 
Member 
1 October 2012 
1 October 2020 
1 October 2025 
Vladimír Kreidl 
1974 
Member 
1 October 2013 
1 October 2021 
1 October 2026 
Miloš Matula  
1976 
Member 
1 January 2014 
1 January 2022 
1 January 2027 
Martin Stotter 
1976 
Member 
15 April 2018 
16 April 2021 
16 April 2026 
Vladimír Matouš 
1961 
Member 
1 July 2018 
1 July 2021 
1 July 2026 
Tomáš Jelínek 
1976 
Member 
1 January 2020 
1 January 2023 
1 January 2028 
Kamila Makhmudova 
1976 
Member 
1 December 2021 
1 December 2021 
1 December 2024 
Igor Vida 
Mr. Igor Vida has been the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer 
since April 2015. Mr. Vida graduated from the Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava, Slovakia, and 
completed the General Management Program at Harvard Business School. Prior to joining the Issuer, he worked 
for over 20 years at Tatra banka, a.s. in Slovakia, commencing in 1992. In 1997, he became a member of its 
Board of Directors and became the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of Tatra

--- Page 395 ---
- 395 - 
 
 
 
banka, a.s. in 2007. Igor Vida resigned from the position of Chairman of the Board of Directors of Tatra banka, 
a.s. on 31 March 2015. On 21 April 2015, he became the Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Tatra 
banka, a.s., from which he resigned on 15 May 2020. 
František Ježek 
Mr. Ježek has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer since October 2012 as a member of the 
Board of Directors responsible for its Risk Management. Since 15 April 2018 Mr. Ježek became member of the 
Board of Directors responsible for Corporate banking. He is also the Chairman of the Corporate Products 
Committee. Mr. Ježek graduated from the University of Economics, Prague, in 1996. Prior to working at the 
Issuer, he worked at the Vienna headquarters of Raiffeisen Bank International AG as the head of retail risk for 
all of the 15 markets in Central and Eastern Europe. Prior to working at RBI, he worked at Multiservis and in 
the GE Money group. 
Vladimír Kreidl 
Mr. Kreidl has been a member of the Board of Directors and Executive Director of the Issuer responsible for 
Retail Banking since October 2013. Mr. Kreidl graduated from the Institute of Economics Studies of the Charles 
University in Prague. Prior to joining the Issuer, he worked at McKinsey & Company starting from 2001 and 
became a partner in 2008. From 1995 to 2000, he worked at Patria Finance, a.s., eventually as a partner, where 
he, among other, co-founded and managed Patria Online.  
Miloš Matula 
Mr. Matula has been a member of the Board of Directors and Executive Director of the Issuer responsible for 
the area of Operations since January 2014. Prior to joining the Issuer, he worked as consultant at Accenture from 
2000 to 2007. From 2007 to 2009, he worked at Raiffeisen Bank International AG as Vice President, Head of 
Service Excellence. From November 2009 to December 2013, he worked at ZUNO BANK AG as Chief IT 
Officer (CIO), Chief Operations Officer (COO) and a Member of the Board of Directors and vice-chairman of 
Project Steering Committee. 
Martin Stotter 
Mr. Stotter has been a member of the Board of Directors responsible for Risk management since 15 April, 2018. 
Prior to joining the Issuer since March 2016, he has worked in the sister Raiffeisen Bank a.d. (Serbia) as a 
member of the Board of Directors responsible for Risk management. From 2014 to 2016 he was a member of 
the Board of Directors responsible for Risk management at Raiffeisen Bank d.d. (Slovenia). From 2012 to 2014, 
he worked at Raiffeisen Landesbank Steiermark AG, Graz as Deputy Chief Risk Officer (COO) and Chief 
Operating. Mr. Stotter is also the Chairman of the Credit Committee, the Operational Risk and Control 
Management Committee, the Problem Loans Committee and the Retail Risk Management Committee. 
Vladimír Matouš 
Mr. Matouš has been a member of the Board of Directors responsible for Information Technology since 1 July, 
2018. Prior to joining the Issuer, he has been operating in Tatra Banka, a.s. (Slovakia) since 2010 as a Member 
of the Board of Directors responsible for IT. From 2008 to 2010, he worked for T-Systems Czech Republic as 
Senior Vice President of ICT Operations. From 2004 to 2008 he worked for T-Mobile Czech Republic as Vice 
President of Technology Operations. Mr. Matouš is also the Chairman of the IT Change Control Committee. 
Tomáš Jelínek 
Mr. Jelínek has been a member of the Board of Directors responsible for Markets & Investment Banking since 
1 January, 2020. Prior to joining the Issuer in 2005, he worked in Citibank. He started his career in Raiffeisenbank 
a.s. as Head of Retail Risk Department, then he held positions of Head of Retail Risk and Credit Portfolio 
Management and of Chief Financial Officer. He also worked for Raiffeisen Bank International AG as Head of 
Collection Program for two years. 
Kamila Makhmudova

--- Page 396 ---
- 396 - 
 
 
 
Ms. Makhmudova has been a member of the Board of Directors responsible for Finance since 1 December 2021. 
She has more than twenty years of experience in international banking and extensive expertise in mergers and 
acquisitions from organisations inside and outside Europe. Since 2007, she has held various positions at RBI, 
most recently Director of Corporate Development and Strategy Management.  
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board of the Issuer supervises the Issuer's activities and oversees the competence of the Board 
of Directors and the performance of the Issuer's business activities. In particular, the Supervisory Board reviews 
the ordinary, extraordinary, consolidated, and interim financial statements, and the proposal for distribution of 
profit or settling of losses, and submits a report with its opinion to the General Meeting. The operation of the 
Supervisory Board and the conduct of its meetings are further regulated in the Bylaws of the Supervisory Board. 
The list of matters, which require the prior consent of the Supervisory Board, is included in the Bylaws of the 
Supervisory Board. The Articles of Association of the Issuer require the Supervisory Board to meet at least twice 
per year. 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Issuer, the Supervisory Board of the Issuer consists of twelve 
members. Two thirds of the members of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer are appointed by the Issuer's General 
Meeting and one third is elected by the employees of the Issuer for a term of five years and there are no limits 
on reappointment. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Supervisory Board has eleven members. 
The following table sets forth the members of the Issuer's Supervisory Board as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Position 
Commencement 
of Membership 
Commencement 
of Current Term 
of Office  
Date of 
Expiration of the 
Current Term of 
Office 
Lukasz Januszewski  
1978 
Chairman 
24 April 2018 
5 May 2023 
5 May 2028 
Peter Harold 
1960 
Member 
1 January 2023 
1 January 2023 
1 January 2028 
Ondřej Mrzena 
1973 
Member 
12 January 2024 
12 January 2024 
12 January 2029 
Hannes 
Mösenbacher 
1972 
Member 
27 April 2017 
28 April 2022 
28 April 2027 
Andrii Stepanenko 
1972 
Member 
24 April 2018 
25 April 2023 
25 April 2028 
Reinhard 
Schwendtbauer 
1972 
Member 
25 April 2013 
27 April 2023 
27 April 2028 
Helena Horská 
1974 
Member 
11 January 2019 
12 January 2024 
12 January 2029 
Martin Pochopin 
1982 
Member 
12 January 2024 
12 January 2024 
12 January 2029 
Michal Přádka 
1977 
Member 
12 May 2011 
12 January 2024 
12 January 2029 
Johann Strobl 
1959 
Member 
28 April 2014 
30 April 2024 
30 April 2029 
Taťána Le Moigne 
1967 
Member 
27 August 2019 
27 August 2019 
27 August 2024 
Andreas Gschwenter 
1969 
Member 
19 August 2015 
1 April 2024 
1 April 2029 
Lukasz Januszewski 
Mr. Januszewski has been a member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer from 24 April 2018 and on 8 May 
2018 he was elected Chairman of the Supervisory Board. From March 2018, he is a member of the Board of 
Directors of Raiffeisen Bank International AG responsible for Markets & Investment Banking. Since 1998, Mr. 
Januszewski has worked in Raiffeisen Bank Polska in various positions connected with Treasury, Capital 
Markets and Investment Banking. From 2007 to 2018 he was a Member of the Board of Directors responsible 
for Markets & Investment Banking.  
Peter Harold 
Mr. Harold has been a member of the Supervisory Board since January 2023. Peter studied Business Taxation, 
Banking Management, and Tax Law at Vienna University. He also has an MBA from Webster University and 
PhD from the University of Economics. He currently holds the position of advisor in the field of banking.   
Ondřej Mrzena

--- Page 397 ---
- 397 - 
 
 
 
Mr. Mrzena has been a member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer since January 2024. He has been working 
for the Issuer with a short break since 2001 (Compliance and Legal Department). He has been the bank's 
ombudsman since 2021. He graduated from the Law Faculty of the Charles University in Prague and the Master 
of Business Administration program at Sheffield Hallam University and Czech Technical University Prague. 
Hannes Mösenbacher 
Dr. Mösenbacher has been a member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer since April 27 2017. Since March 
2017, he has been a member of the Board of Directors of RBI, responsible for the area of risk management 
(CRO). Prior to 2009 he worked for RBI (Raiffeisen Zentralbank Österreich AG) as Head of Risk Controlling. 
From 2000 to 2008, he was employed at Bank Austria Creditanstalt, Vienna in various positions associated with 
risk management. 
Andrii Stepanenko 
Mr. Stepanenko has been a member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer since 24 April 2018. At the same time 
he became a Member of the Board of Directors of RBI responsible for Retail Banking. Under the Raiffeisen 
brand he has been working since 1998, first at AKB Raiffeisenbank Ukraine, subsequently in Raiffeisen 
Zentralbank AG. From 2003 to 2007 he worked at ZAO Raiffeisenbank Austria, where he was responsible for 
Risk management. Since 2012 he has been in various positions in the Russian AO Raiffeisenbank, most recently 
as Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors responsible for Retail Banking and SME. 
Reinhard Schwendtbauer 
Mr. Schwendtbauer has been a member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer since April 2013. Since 1997, he 
worked at Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberösterreich as the Head of the Secretariat of the Board of Directors and 
currently serves as a member of its Board of Directors. From 1999 to 2000, he worked at the Federal Ministry 
of Agriculture and Forestry. From 2001 to 2012, he was the managing partner and shareholder in Finadvice 
Österreich, Linz. 
Helena Horská 
Mrs. Horská has been the member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer, elected by the employees of the Issuer, 
since 11 January 2019. She has been working for the Issuer since 2004, currently being in the position of Head 
of Economic Research.  
Martin Pochopin 
Mr. Pochopin has been the member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer, elected by the employees of the 
Issuer, since January 2024.  
Michal Přádka 
Mr. Přádka has been the member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer, elected by the employees of the Issuer, 
since 11 January 2019. He has been working for the Issuer since 1999 (originally at Expandia Bank), currently 
in the position of Head of Region - North Moravia.  
Johann Strobl 
Dr. Strobl has been the member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer since April 2014 and he is also a member 
of the Audit Committee of the Issuer. Dr. Strobl graduated from Vienna University of Economics and Business. 
Prior to his engagement with the Issuer, he worked at the Vienna University of Economics and Business and in 
numerous positions (including as the CRO/CFO and as board member) of Bank Austria Creditanstalt. In March 
2017, he became Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of RBI.

--- Page 398 ---
- 398 - 
 
 
 
Taťána Le Moigne 
Mrs. Le Moigne has been an independent member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer since 27 August 2019. 
She graduated from the University of Economics in Prague. Since 2006, she has been the CEO of Google Czech 
Republic. She also holds the position of Country Director of the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Romania at 
Google. 
Andreas Gschwenter 
Mr. Andreas Gschwenter has been the member of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer since 19 August 2015. 
He holds an MBA degree from the University of Innsbruck From 2010, he was a member of the Board of 
Directors of the Ukrainian Raiffeisen Bank Aval responsible for IT and Operations. In July 2015, he became a 
member of the Board of Directors of RBI responsible for IT and Operations. He previously held various positions 
at Bank Austria Creditanstalt and HVB in Romania, Serbia and, most recently, prior to joining Raiffeisen Bank 
Aval, he was a Member of the Managing Board of UniCredit Bank Russia. 
Audit Committee  
The Audit Committee of the Issuer consists of three members who are appointed by the General Meeting of the 
Issuer. The members of the Audit Committee of the Issuer are appointed for a term of five years and there is no 
limit on reappointment. A member of the Audit Committee may also be a member of the Supervisory Board. 
The Audit Committee (i) supervises the production of the financial statements and consolidated financial 
statements; (ii) evaluates the effectiveness of internal control, internal audit and risk management of the Issuer; 
(iii) supervises the process of external audit of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements; 
(iv) considers the independence of the external auditor; (v) recommends the selection of external auditors and 
(vi) any other powers and responsibilities determined by the relevant EU directives, regulations and Czech laws, 
including primarily the Czech Act No. 93/2009 Coll., on Auditors, as amended (the Czech Auditors Act). The 
operation of the Audit Committee and the conduct of its meetings are further regulated in the Bylaws of the Audit 
Committee. 
The following table sets forth the members of the Issuer's Audit Committee as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Position 
Commencement 
of Membership 
Commencement 
of Current Term 
of Office  
Date of 
Expiration of the 
Current Term of 
Office 
Pavel 
Závitkovský 
1955 
Chairman 
28 April 2016 
28 April 2021 
28 April 2026 
Andrea Vlasek 
1973 
Member 
10 December 2009 
12 December 
2019 
12 December 
2024 
Stanislav Staněk 
1968 
Member 
28 April 2016 
28 April 2021 
28 April 2026 
Conflicts of Interest at the Level of Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The Issuer is not aware of any possible conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of its Board of 
Directors, the Audit Committee or the Supervisory Board owed to the Issuer and their private interests or other 
duties. 
Principal Activities Outside of the Issuer 
The following table provides an overview of principal activities significant to the Issuer, performed by members 
of Issuer's bodies outside of the Issuer (beyond the positions outlined above), as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus:

--- Page 399 ---
- 399 - 
 
 
 
Members of the Board of Directors 
Activity 
Igor Vida 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen stavební spořitelna a.s. 
• 
Raiffeisen – Leasing, s.r.o. 
Member of: 
• 
the presidium of Česká bankovní asociace 
František Ježek 
Member of the Supervisory Board : 
• 
Raiffeisen – Leasing, s.r.o. (chairman) 
• 
Bankovní identita, a.s. 
Vladimír Kreidl 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen stavební spořitelna a.s. (chairman) 
Miloš Matula 
Director of: 
• 
Pavlovské domečky s.r.o. 
Shareholder of:  
• 
Cimrio s.r.o. 
• 
Pavlovské domečky s.r.o. 
Martin Stotter  
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen – Leasing, s.r.o. 
• 
Raiffeisen stavební spořitelna a.s. 
Vladimír Matouš  
--- 
Tomáš Jelínek  
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen investiční společnost a.s. (chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen – Leasing, s.r.o. 
• 
AKCENTA CZ a.s. 
• 
AKCENTA LOGISTIC a.s. v likvidaci 
Kamila Makhmudova 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen stavební spořitelna a.s. 
Supervisory Board members 
 
Lukasz Januszewski 
Member of the Management Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Austria 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen Centrobank AG, Austria (chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank JSC, Ukraine (chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen Kapitalanlage-Gesellschaft m.b.H., Austria (vice-
chairman) 
• 
AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A., Romania 
• 
Tatra banka, a.s., Slovakia 
Johann Strobl 
Member of the Management Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Austria (vice-chairman)

--- Page 400 ---
- 400 - 
 
 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
UNIQA Insurance Group AG, Austria (2nd Deputy Chairman) 
• 
UNIQA Österreich Versicherungen AG, Austria 
• 
Österreichische Kontrollbank Aktiengesellschaft, Austria (first vice-
chairman) 
• 
Oesterreichische Raiffeisen-Sicherungseinrichtung eGen, Austria 
• 
AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia (chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A., Romania (chairman) 
• 
Tatra banka, a.s., Slovakia 
Reinhard Schwendtbauer 
Member of the Management Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberösterreich Aktiengesellschaft, Austria 
• 
OÖ Wohnbau Privatstiftung, Austria 
• 
RBG OÖ Verbund eGen., Austria (managing director) 
• 
RLB Holding reg.Gen.m.b.H. OÖ, Austria (managing director) 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen KMU Beteiligungs AG, Austria (chairman) 
• 
VIVATIS Holding AG, Austria (chairman) 
• 
EBS Wohnungsgesellschaft mbH, Austria  
• 
Gemeinnützige Industrie-Wohnungsaktiengesellschaft, Austria 
• 
Invest Unternehmensbeteiligungs Aktiengesellschaft, Austria 
• 
OÖ Wohnbau gemeinnützige Wohnbau und Beteiligung GmbH, 
Austria 
• 
OÖ Wohnbau Gesellschaft für den Wohnungsbau gemeinnützige 
GmbH, Austria 
• 
Österreichische Salinen Aktiengesellschaft, Austria 
• 
Salinen Austria Aktiengesellschaft, Austria 
• 
Salzburger Landes-Hypothekenbank Aktiengesellschaft, Austria 
• 
WAG Wohnungsanlagen Gesellschaft m.b.H., Austria 
• 
Activ factoring AG, Austria 
• 
POLYTEC Holding AG, Austria 
• 
VIVATIS Capital Services eGen, Austria 
• 
Oberösterreichische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft, Austria 
Hannes Mösenbacher 
Member of the Management Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Austria 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen-Kundengarantiegemeinschaft 
Österreich, 
Austria 
(president) 
• 
Raiffeisen Centrobank AG, Austria (vice-chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisenbank S.A., Romania (vice-chairman)

--- Page 401 ---
- 401 - 
 
 
 
• 
AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia 
• 
Tatra banka, a.s., Slovakia 
Andrii Stepanenko 
Member of the Management Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Austria 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
Priorbank JSC, Belarus (chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen Kapitalanlage - Gesellschaft m.b.H., Austria (chairman) 
• 
Tatra banka, a.s., Slovakia (chairman) 
• 
Kathrein Privatbank Aktiengesellschaft, Austria (chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank JSC, Ukraine (vice-chairman) 
• 
AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A., Romania 
• 
Raiffeisen Centrobank AG, Austria 
Helena Horská 
Member of the Administrative Board of: 
• 
Ministr zdraví z. ú. 
Michal Přádka 
--- 
Taťána Le Moigne 
Member of the Supervisory Board of: 
• 
DOBRÝ ANDĚL, nadace 
Member of the Administrative Board of: 
• 
Aspen Institute Central Europe o.p.s. 
• 
Odyssey, z.s. 
• 
6D Academy, z.ú. v likvidaci 
Ondřej Mrzena 
- 
Peter Harold 
- 
Martin Pochopin 
- 
Andreas Gschwenter 
Member of the Management Board of: 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Austria 
Audit Committee members 
 
Pavel Závitkovský 
Member of the Audit Committee of: 
• 
Česká spořitelna, a.s. 
• 
MERO ČR, a.s. (chairman) 
• 
Exportní garanční a pojišťovací společnost, a. s. (chairman) 
• 
NET4GAS, s.r.o. 
• 
Národní rozvojová banka, a.s.  
• 
J&T Banka, a. s. (chairman, also member of the Remuneration 
Committee) 
• 
OTE a.s. (chairman) 
Member of the Supervisory Board of:

--- Page 402 ---
- 402 - 
 
 
 
• 
Národní rozvojová banka, a.s. (chairman) 
• 
Par System, a.s. 
Andrea Vlasek 
--- 
Stanislav Staněk 
Member of of the Audit Committee of: 
• 
NET4GAS, s.r.o. 
• 
Česká exportní banka, a.s.

--- Page 403 ---
- 403 - 
 
 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Raiffeisen Group provides banking services to: (i) its directors and 
senior management; (ii) entities under common control with the Issuer; (iii) its associates; (iv) its joint ventures 
and (v) its parent companies. These transactions include, but are not limited to, the provision of loans, overdrafts, 
interest bearing deposits and current accounts, as well as other services. All related party transactions described 
above are made in the ordinary course of business and are subject to substantially the same terms as comparable 
transactions with third parties (including in relation to interest rates and security). Furthermore, related party 
transactions concluded since 31 December 2017 have been of equivalent type as the material related party 
transactions described herein and have been entered into in the ordinary course of business. 
Transactions between Related Parties 
The Raiffeisen Group's receivables towards related parties as of 31 December 2023 are primarily composed of:  
(a) 
Credit balances on the current account maintained at: 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 8,398 million; 
(ii) 
Raiffeisen Bank Zrt. of CZK 3 million;  
(iii) 
Raiffeisenbank AO (Russia) of CZK 27 million; and 
(iv) 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A. (Romania) of CZK 1 million. 
(b) 
Provided loan to: 
(i) 
AKCENTA CZ a.s. of CZK 9 million; and 
(ii) 
Tatra-leasing, s.r.o. of CZK 354 million. 
(c) 
Nominal values of financial derivatives – off-balance sheet receivables: 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 550,792 million; and 
(ii) 
AKCENTA CZ a.s. of CZK 4,040 million. 
The Issuer's liabilities towards related parties are primarily composed of: 
(a) 
Credit balances on the current account of the Issuer from: 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 428 million;  
(ii) 
AKCENTA CZ a.s. of CZK 881 million; 
(iii) 
Tatra Banka, a.s. of CZK 6 million; and 
(iv) 
Raiffeisenbank Hungary of CZK 16 million. 
(b) 
Term deposits: 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 14 million; 
(ii) 
UNIQA of CZK 105 million; 
(iii) 
Raiffeisenbank Hungary of CZK 2,780 million; and 
(iv) 
Tatra Banka, a.s. of CZK 345 million. 
(c) 
Repo transactions: 
(i) 
Tatra Banka, a.s. of CZK 1,302 million; 
(ii) 
RBI of CZK 160 million; and 
(iii) 
Raiffeisenbank Hungary of CZK 1,252 million. 
(d) 
Nominal values of financial derivatives - off-balance sheet liabilities:

--- Page 404 ---
- 404 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 550,314 million; and 
(ii) 
AKCENTA CZ a.s. of CZK 4,077 million. 
(e) 
Subordinated debt from: 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 3,238 million;  
(ii) 
Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberösterreich AG of CZK 1,080 million; and 
(iii) 
Raiffeisen Bausparkassen Holding GmbH of CZK 302 million. 
(f) 
Other equity instruments - subordinated unsecured AT1 capital investment certificates purchased: 
(i) 
RBI of CZK 4,107 million; and 
(ii) 
RLB OÖ Sektorholding GmbH of CZK 724 million. 
The following table sets forth the outstanding balances of the Raiffeisen Group's related party transactions as of 
and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 
 
Parent 
companies 
Companies 
with 
significant 
influence 
over the 
Issuer 
Associated 
companies 
Board of 
Directors, 
Supervisor
y Board 
and other 
managers* 
Other 
related 
parties 
Total 
 
(in CZK million) 
 
 
Receivables ..............................  
8,398 
783 
9 
210 
998 
10,398 
Positive fair values of financial 
derivatives................................  
8,796 
- 
49 
- 
- 
8,845 
Liabilities .................................  
602 
22 
881 
356 
5,904 
7,765 
Negative fair values of financial 
derivatives................................  
15,395 
- 
54 
- 
- 
15,449 
Other equity instruments ..........  
4,107 
- 
- 
- 
724 
4,831 
Subordinated liabilities and 
bonds  ......................................  
3,238 
- 
- 
- 
1,382 
4,620 
Guarantees issued ....................   
2,499 
- 
- 
- 
329 
2,828 
Guarantees received .................  
112 
- 
- 
- 
1,685 
1,797 
Nominal 
values of 
financial 
derivatives 
(off-balance 
sheet 
receivables) ..............................  
550,792 
- 
4,040 
- 
- 
554,832 
Nominal 
values of 
financial 
derivatives 
(off-balance 
sheet 
liabilities) .................................  
550,314 
- 
4,077 
- 
- 
554,391 
Irrevocable credit commitments 
provided ...................................  
- 
- 
- 
14 
- 
14 
Interest income  .......................  
6,728 
21 
- 
5 
18 
6,772 
Interest expense  ......................  
(8,797) 
- 
(12) 
(6) 
(270) 
(9,085) 
Fee and commission income ....  
48 
- 
- 
- 
25 
73 
Fee and commission expense ...  
(33) 
- 
- 
- 
(193) 
(226) 
Net gain or loss from financial 
operations ................................  
(292) 
- 
(80) 
- 
29 
(343) 
Net gain or loss from hedge 
accounting................................  
1,911 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,911 
General operating expenses .....  
(308) 
- 
- 
(281) 
(25) 
(614) 
Other operating income, net .....  
10 
- 
- 
- 
2 
12 
 
* Other members of the management are level B-1 managers of the Bank 
 __________________________________

--- Page 405 ---
- 405 - 
 
 
 
Source: Issuer's 2023 Annual Report 
 
 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
 
Parent 
companies 
Companies 
with 
significant 
influence 
over the 
Issuer 
Associated 
companies 
Board of 
Directors, 
Supervisor
y Board 
and other 
managers* 
Other 
related 
parties 
Total 
 
(in CZK million) 
 
 
Receivables ..............................  
9,568 
- 
127 
191 
839 
10,725 
Positive fair values of financial 
derivatives................................  
13,366 
- 
5 
- 
- 
13,371 
Liabilities .................................  
1,318 
1 
691 
149 
4,878 
7,037 
Negative fair values of financial 
derivatives................................  
21,146 
- 
134 
- 
- 
21,280 
Other equity instruments ..........  
4,107 
- 
- 
- 
724 
4,831 
Subordinated liabilities and 
bonds  ......................................  
3,156 
- 
- 
- 
1,354 
4,510 
Guarantees issued ....................   
577 
- 
- 
- 
111 
688 
Guarantees received .................  
137 
- 
- 
- 
1,957 
2,094 
Nominal values of 
financial 
derivatives 
(off-balance 
sheet 
receivables) ..............................  
498,888 
- 
2,893 
- 
33 
501,814 
Nominal values of 
financial 
derivatives 
(off-balance 
sheet 
liabilities) .................................  
497,432 
- 
3,108 
- 
33 
500,573 
Irrevocable credit commitments 
provided ...................................  
0 
- 
- 
33 
- 
33 
Interest income  .......................  
4,625 
2 
- 
3 
44 
4,674 
Interest expense  ......................  
(6,640) 
- 
- 
(3) 
(194) 
(6,837) 
Fee and commission income ....  
44 
- 
- 
- 
22 
66 
Fee and commission expense ...  
(24) 
- 
- 
- 
(139) 
(163) 
Net gain or loss from financial 
operations ................................  
3,633 
- 
(207) 
- 
52 
3,478 
Net gain or loss from hedge 
accounting................................  
(3,759) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(3,759) 
General operating expenses .....  
(281) 
- 
- 
(269) 
(24) 
(574) 
Other operating income, net .....  
27 
- 
- 
- 
2 
29 
 
* Other key management personell are the managers of the Bank of level B-1 
 __________________________________  
Source: Issuer's 2022 Annual Report 
For further information on related party transactions of the Raiffeisen Group, see Note 51 to the consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 and Note 51 to the consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2022.

--- Page 406 ---
- 406 - 
 
 
 
CZECH BANKING REGULATION 
This section contains selected information on certain aspects of Czech banking regulation and supervision. The 
information in this section is intended to provide a brief overview of Czech banking regulation and supervision 
to which the Issuer, the Raiffeisen Group or certain of its members are subject, and is not intended to provide a 
comprehensive or complete description of Czech banking regulation and supervision. 
Banking Regulation and Supervision 
The structure of the regulation and supervision of the Czech banking system is set forth in a number of statutes, 
including the Czech Act No. 6/1993 Coll., on the Czech National Bank, as amended (the CNB Act), the Czech 
Banking Act, the Czech Capital Markets Act, the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act, the Czech Act No. 
253/2008 Coll., the Act on Some Measures against Money-Laundering and Financing of Terrorism, as amended, 
the Czech Act No. 370/2017 Coll., on Payment Services, as amended, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Act No. 
93/2009 Coll., on Auditors, as amended (the Czech Auditors Act), the Czech Act No. 377/2005 Coll., on 
Supplementary Supervision over Banks, Credit Unions, Electronic Money Institutions, Insurance Companies and 
Investment Firms in Financial Conglomerates and amending some other acts, as amended (the Czech Financial 
Conglomerates Act), the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act, the Czech Act No. 257/2016 Coll., on Consumer 
Credit, as amended (the Czech Consumer Credit Act) and certain regulations issued by the CNB (known as 
measures and decrees) as well as directly applicable EU laws and regulations. 
The CNB 
The CNB exercises regulatory and supervisory powers over the banking sector, as well as the rest of the Czech 
financial sector (including the capital markets, insurance, pension funds, credit unions and electronic money 
institutions as well as the foreign exchange sector). The CNB also carries out the traditional activities of a central 
bank including fostering price stability through monetary policy as well as fostering financial stability and safe 
functioning of the financial system in the Czech Republic. 
As a general rule, the CNB exercises banking supervision over Czech banks (including subsidiaries of foreign 
banks incorporated in the Czech Republic) and Czech branches of banks established outside the EEA. Banks 
established in EEA countries other than the Czech Republic which are conducting their banking business in the 
Czech Republic through a Czech branch passported in the Czech Republic, or without establishment of a Czech 
branch on the basis of freedom of cross-border provision of services, are primarily subject to supervision by their 
home country regulators, although their supervision is also partially carried out by the CNB. 
Under the Czech CNB Act and the Czech Banking Act, the CNB is empowered with an array of powers to regulate 
and supervise the Czech banking system. These powers, among others, include the power to: (i) grant banking 
licences; (ii) issue regulations containing the terms and conditions of entry into the banking sector and setting 
down prudential rules for specific areas of banking business; (iii) monitor the activities of banks, branches of 
foreign banks and credit unions; (iv) perform examinations (inspections) in banks, including foreign bank 
branches and credit unions; (v) grant prior consents to certain activities involving a bank, including the acquisition 
of a participation in a bank, the disposal of a bank's business, the merger or winding up of a bank, or the termination 
of a bank's activities; and (vi) impose remedial measures and penalties for shortcomings detected in banks' 
activities (see section Remedial Measures and Penalties). 
Licensing 
As a general rule, only joint-stock companies that have been granted a banking licence by the CNB in compliance 
with the Czech Banking Act are permitted to operate in the Czech Republic as a bank. Certain exceptions apply 
to foreign banks established within the EEA which intend to provide banking services in the Czech Republic 
through their Czech branch or on the basis of freedom of cross-border provision of services. Licences are issued 
for an indefinite period of time and contain a list of the activities that the respective bank is permitted to conduct. 
In some cases, licences also contain conditions the bank must meet prior to commencing a particular permitted 
activity or while conducting that activity. Some of the activities listed in the licence, such as the provision of 
investment services and certain custodian services, may be conditional upon the fulfilment of special conditions.

--- Page 407 ---
- 407 - 
 
 
 
Activities Requiring Prior Consent of or Notification to the CNB 
In a number of cases, the Czech Banking Act requires banks or other legal or natural persons to apply for consent 
from the CNB or to notify the CNB before executing particular transactions or operations. 
Prior consent of the CNB is required, without limitation: (i) where a person proposes to acquire or increase a direct 
or indirect participation in a Czech bank so that it would reach or exceed 10 per cent., 20 per cent., 30 per cent. 
or 50 per cent. of the registered capital or of the voting rights, or so that the acquirer would become the bank's 
controlling entity or have the possibility to exercise a significant influence over the bank's management (this duty 
also applies to persons acting in concert); (ii) in order to enter into an agreement pursuant to which the business 
enterprise of the bank or a part thereof is disposed of; (iii) in order to merge or divide the bank or to transfer its 
assets to its shareholder; (iv) for a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders to wind up the bank or cease 
to carry out any activity for which a licence is required; and (v) in order to reduce the capital of the bank, unless 
the capital is being reduced to cover a loss. 
A prior notification to the CNB is required, without limitation: (i) where a person proposes to completely dispose 
of or reduce a direct or indirect participation in a bank so that it would fall below 10 per cent., 20 per cent., 30 per 
cent. or 50 per cent. of the registered capital or of the voting rights, or so that the acquirer would cease to be the 
bank's controlling entity or cease to have the possibility of exercising a significant influence over the bank's 
management (this duty also applies to persons acting in concert); (ii) of changes proposed to a bank's articles of 
association relating to the parts that are required by law; (iii) of proposed personnel changes in the Board of 
Directors and senior management of the bank; (iv) of the bank's intent to establish a legal entity (subsidiary), 
branch or representation abroad or to provide services abroad without establishing a branch; and (v) of the identity 
of a bank's auditor. 
A subsequent notification to the CNB must be filed by a Czech bank without undue delay upon any acquisition 
of a participation in a legal entity, incorporation of a legal entity or participation in its incorporation if the Czech 
bank acquired or holds a direct or indirect participation in such legal entity of at least 10 per cent. of the registered 
capital or of the voting rights, or so that the Czech bank would become the legal entity's controlling entity or has 
the possibility to exercise a significant influence over the legal entity's management.  
Capital Adequacy Requirements 
In December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the BCBS) published its final standards on 
the revised capital adequacy framework, known as Basel III, which tightened the definition of capital and requires 
banks to maintain capital buffers on top of minimum capital requirements. On 27 June 2013, the CRD IV and the 
CRR, transposing Basel III into EU-law, have been published. 
The CRR (an EU-regulation which directly applies in all EU-Member States without any further national 
implementation steps) entered into force on 1 January 2014. Certain Czech laws (including amendments to the 
Czech Banking Act and an implementing Decree of the CNB No. 163/2014 Coll., on the Performance of the 
Activities of Banks, Credit Unions and Investment Firms, as amended (the Prudential Rules Decree)) 
implementing the CRD IV into Czech law were subsequently amended or newly promulgated in 2014. 
Thus, since 2014, the prudential requirements, in particular the regulatory capital requirements applicable to the 
Issuer have been substantially changed.  
Under the new rules, the only capital instruments eligible as own funds are: (i) CET 1 instruments; (ii) additional 
tier 1 instruments (the AT 1) (CET 1 and AT 1 together constituting the Tier 1); and (iii) tier 2 instruments (the 
Tier 2). 
Institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following capital ratios for own funds: (i) a CET 1 ratio of 4.5 
per cent.; (ii) a Tier 1 ratio of 6 per cent.; and (iii) a total capital ratio constituted of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 of 8 per 
cent., all expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount. The total risk exposure amount is in 
principle the sum of risk-weighted exposure amounts for credit risk, as well as the own funds requirements for 
market risk and operational risk. 
Therefore, while the total capital an institution needs to hold remains at 8 per cent., the share that has to be of the 
highest quality (i.e. CET 1) increased from 2 per cent. to 4.5 per cent.

--- Page 408 ---
- 408 - 
 
 
 
The new rules established the following new capital buffers: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the 
countercyclical capital buffer, (iii) the systemic risk buffer, (iv) the global systemic institutions buffer; and (v) 
the other systemic institutions buffer. The capital conservation buffer is equal to 2.5 per cent. The countercyclical 
capital buffer is 2.0 per cent. in the Czech Republic since 15 September 2023. The other systematically important 
institutions buffer applicable to the Issuer is equal to 0.5 per cent. as of 1 January 2024. The systemic risk buffer 
is not applied by the CNB as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
On top of these own funds requirements, the competent authorities may add extra capital requirements to cover 
other risks following a supervisory review and institutions may also decide to hold an additional amount of capital 
on their own.  
Under Basel III, banks (such as the Issuer) are required to meet two new liquidity standards: (i) the LCR and (ii) 
the NSFR. The LCR requires banks to hold an amount of unencumbered, high quality liquid assets that can be 
used to offset the net cash outflows the bank would encounter under an acute short term stress scenario specified 
by supervisors. The NSFR measures the amount of longer term, stable sources of funding available to a bank in 
relation to the stable funding it requires over a one year period of extended stress, given the liquidity profiles of 
its assets and its off balance sheet exposures. 
At the same time, the criteria for each capital instrument became more stringent; due to harmonized definitions 
of adjustments made to capital in order to determine the amount of regulatory capital that is prudent to recognise 
for regulatory purposes, the effective level of required regulatory capital has been increased significantly.  
In respect of credit risk, in order to calculate their risk-weighted exposure amounts, institutions shall apply either 
the standardised approach or (if permitted by the competent authorities) the internal ratings based approach (the 
IRB). At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is using the IRB. 
Apart from the prudential requirements on own funds and regulatory capital described above, Czech credit 
institutions are subject to numerous other regulatory requirements stipulated by EU-law, including limits on large 
exposures, liquidity requirements, leverage ratios, as well as reporting and notification obligations. Credit 
institutions have to comply with such prudential and regulatory requirements not only on an individual level, but 
also on a group level. 
The CNB is authorised to apply certain remedial measures linked to failure to meet capital adequacy criteria. For 
example, the CNB may require the bank, among other things, to increase its capital to a sufficient level, to limit 
the acquisition of certain higher-risk assets, to refrain from paying interest on deposits where relevant interest 
rates would be in excess of the then current market level or to cease providing any loans to persons that have 
close personal or proprietary links with the bank. In an extreme case, the CNB is obliged to revoke the bank's 
licence, unless the bank is subject to a crisis resolution measure (in Czech, opatření k řešení krize) pursuant to 
the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act. 
Furthermore, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published its proposal for an EU Banking reform 
package including proposals to amend the CRR, the CRD IV and BRRD (the EU Banking Reform) as part of 
the finalisation of the Basel III framework and its implementation in the EU. The individual pieces of law forming 
the EU Banking Reform were adopted on 20 May 2019. The amendments include, among other things, 
introduction of a new asset class of "non-preferred" senior debt, changes to the market risk framework by 
implementing the fundamental review of the trading book, changes to the counterparty credit risk framework, 
introduction of a leverage ratio requirement, binding implementation of the NSFR, revisions to the Pillar 2 
framework and revisions to the framework concerning interest rate risk in the banking book. Until the EU Banking 
Reform is adopted and implemented into Czech law in its final form, its impact on the Issuer and its business is 
uncertain. 
Financial Conglomerates 
Starting in September 2005, the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act came into force implementing Directive 
2002/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2002 on the supplementary 
supervision of credit institutions, insurance undertakings and investment firms in a financial conglomerate. 
According to the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act, a bank is considered to be a "regulated person" when under 
certain circumstances it is subject to a regulation of the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act. 
According to the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act a financial conglomerate is a group or subgroup if:

--- Page 409 ---
- 409 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
the group or subgroup is headed by: (i) a regulated person, such as a bank, credit institution, insurance 
company or securities broker, which either: (a) controls a person in the financial sector; or (b) is a person 
who exercises a significant influence on a person in the financial sector; or (c) is a person connected to 
other person in financial sector through a unified management (d) is a person, the majority of whose 
members of statutory, managing and supervisory bodies comprise during most of the relevant accounting 
period individuals or persons, who are at the same time members of the statutory, managing and 
supervisory bodies of another person in the financial sector, or (ii) a person who is not a regulated person, 
provided the activity of the group is performed predominantly in the financial sector; 
(b) 
at least one person in the group or subgroup belongs to the insurance sector and at least one person in 
the group or subgroup belongs to the banking sector or investment services sector; and 
(c) 
the activities in the insurance sector of the group or subgroup in their aggregate and the activities in the 
banking sector and investment services sector of the group or subgroup in their aggregate are significant 
(where the extent of the sector's significance is specified in detail in the Czech Financial Conglomerates 
Act). 
The supplementary regulation under the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act concerns mainly the following three 
areas at the level of the financial conglomerate: 
(a) capital adequacy; 
(b) risk management; and 
(c) intra-group transactions. 
The supplementary supervision is exercised at the level of the financial conglomerate, i.e. at the level of the 
regulated entity which is at the top of the financial conglomerate, or at the level of the regulated entity, the parent 
of which is a mixed financial holding company (i.e., a non-regulated entity controls a regulated entity) which has 
its head office in the EU. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any member of the Raiffeisen Group is considered 
a regulated person subject to supplementary supervision at the level of financial conglomerate. 
Minimum Reserves 
Under the Czech CNB Act, the CNB may require banks, foreign bank branches and credit unions to hold a 
pre-specified amount of liquid funds, known as minimum required reserves, in accounts with the CNB. The 
required minimum reserves may not exceed 30 per cent. of the total liabilities of the institution required to hold 
such reserves, net of its liabilities owed to other regulated persons. Currently, the CNB requires minimum reserves 
to amount to at least 2 per cent. of the aggregate of the following liabilities to entities other than banks or foreign 
banks with a maturity of up to two years: (i) customer deposits; (ii) loans accepted from customers; (iii) holdings 
by non-banking entities of outstanding non-marketable securities; and (iv) holdings by non-banking entities of 
other outstanding debt securities. Minimum reserves are calculated from liabilities denominated in CZK as well 
as other currencies. Failure by a bank or a branch of a foreign bank established outside the EEA to meet minimum 
reserve requirements exposes the bank to interest penalties equal to twice the average Lombard rate applicable 
during the period in which it was obliged to meet such minimum reserve requirements. 
Liquidity Rules 
Under the Czech Banking Act and the Prudential Rules Decree, banks operating in the Czech Republic are 
required to monitor and manage liquidity risk. A bank must establish a strategy for the management of liquidity 
risks and monitor liquidity on a daily basis for each individual major currency in which it deals, and on the 
aggregate level for all currencies. Banks must also maintain a stable and diversified funding portfolio and manage 
relationships with their principal creditors. For further details on how the Issuer manages liquidity risk, see Risk 
Management – Types of Risks Managed – Liquidity Risk.

--- Page 410 ---
- 410 - 
 
 
 
Classification of Receivables and Impairment 
Under the Czech Banking Act, the CRR and the Prudential Rules Decree, Czech banks and branches of foreign 
banks established outside the EEA are required to classify their exposures (especially those originating from 
granting of credit) according to the likelihood of default on such receivables into the following classes: (i) 
performing exposures; and (ii) non-performing exposures. The classification is realised in accordance with the 
approach to classification of exposures set out in the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 680/2014 of 
April 2014 laying down implementing technical standards with regard to supervisory reporting of institutions 
according to CRR. Following such classification, Czech banks and branches of foreign banks must follow 
procedures set by the Prudential Rules Decree to set amounts of expected losses on the exposures and create 
provisions and reserves to cover them.  
Large Exposures 
Under the Czech Banking Act, the Prudential Rules Decree and the CRR, Czech banks and branches of foreign 
banks established outside the EEA are required to comply with large exposure rules established by the CRR that 
limit the amount of their assets and off-balance-sheet items in respect of a person or economically connected 
group of persons. For the purposes of these rules, a large exposure to a person or economically connected group 
of persons is deemed to exist if the exposure value is equal to or higher than 10 per cent. of a bank's eligible 
capital. 
As a general rule, a Czech bank shall not incur an exposure, after taking into account the effect of the credit risk 
mitigation, to a client or group of connected clients the value of which exceeds 25 per cent. of its eligible capital. 
If a group of connected clients includes one or more credit institutions or investment firms, the value of the 
exposure must not exceed 25 per cent. of a Czech bank's eligible capital or EUR 150 million, whichever is higher, 
provided that the sum of exposure values, after taking into account the credit risk mitigation, to all connected 
clients that are not credit institutions or investment firms must not exceed 25 per cent. of the Czech bank's eligible 
capital. 
As a general rule, trading portfolio exposure to a person or economically connected group of persons may not 
exceed 600 per cent. of the sum of the eligible capital.  
Qualified Participations 
The Czech Banking Act defines a qualified participation as a direct or indirect participation in an entity which 
represents 10 per cent. or more of the registered capital or voting rights of such entity, or which makes it possible 
to exercise significant influence over the management of such entity. Under the CRR, a qualified participation 
held by a bank or its consolidated group in a non-financial institution (i.e., an entity that is neither a Czech bank, 
a foreign bank, a financial institution nor an ancillary services undertaking) may not exceed (i) in respect of a 
single legal entity 15 per cent. of the bank's or the consolidated group's eligible capital and (ii) in respect of all 
legal entities a total of 60 per cent. of the bank's or the consolidated group's eligible capital. These limits do not 
apply in specific limited circumstances. 
Under the Czech Banking Act, a bank may acquire a participation or share in another legal entity, incorporate 
another legal entity or participate in its incorporation only if: (a) the bank does not become a participant with 
unlimited liability; (b) the legal entity is not a person having a qualified participation in such bank (with some 
exemptions stated by the Czech Banking Act); (c) there are no legal or other obstacles to effective supervision of 
the bank's activities; or (d) the investment is in compliance with the total strategy of the bank and the bank controls 
the risks connected with such investment, in particular, in light of the eventual obligations of the bank arising 
therefrom.

--- Page 411 ---
- 411 - 
 
 
 
Disclosure of Information 
Banks are required to disclose and file with the CNB a number of reports, including quarterly and annual reports. 
The form of the reports is specified in various CNB decrees. The annual report must contain, among other things, 
the bank's financial statements and the external auditor's report. Since 2002, banks' internal risk management 
systems must also be audited by statutory auditors, unless the CNB waives this requirement or limits it to only 
some parts thereof. The CNB reviews these reports and monitors whether regulations on liquidity, large 
exposures, capital adequacy, capital, qualified participations and other matters have been observed. Banks are 
also required to introduce effective mechanisms for dealing with customer complaints and to inform customers 
about these mechanisms in their premises. Banks must also disclose basic information about themselves, their 
shareholder structure, the structure of the consolidated group to which they belong, and their activities and 
financial situation on their website. Certain banks are also obliged to disclose information on compliance with 
the prudential rules. 
Deposit Insurance 
Primary deposits with Czech banks are insured with the Deposit Insurance Fund (the Deposit Insurance Fund) 
operated by the Financial Market Guarantee System established pursuant to the Czech Recovery and Resolution 
Act. All Czech banks and branches of foreign banks outside the EEA must participate in this deposit insurance 
scheme and contribute to the Deposit Insurance Fund. The Deposit Insurance Fund is financed from contributions 
from banks, funds obtained at the financial market, subsidies, repayable financial assistance and loans provided 
by the CNB, investment yields on its funds and proceeds from finalised insolvency and liquidation proceedings. 
The condition for insuring each deposit is that the person making the deposit is duly identified, as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of individuals, the deposit must be identified by the individual's name, surname, personal 
identification number or date of birth and address; and 
(b) 
in the case of legal entities, the deposit must be identified by the legal entity's name, registered seat and, 
in the case of Czech legal entities, their identification number. 
Neither individuals nor legal entities need to apply for deposit insurance in order for their deposits to be covered. 
A deposit kept at a bank, building society or co-operative savings bank is insured automatically by operation of 
law. 
Subject to applicable limitations, deposit insurance covers all claims arising from deposits held in Czech Koruna 
or in other currencies registered as credit balances on accounts or deposit books, or evidenced by a certificate of 
deposit, deposit slip or another comparable document, and any interest accrued on such deposits. The deposit 
insurance does not cover deposit claims of banks, foreign banks, financial institutions, health insurance companies, 
state funds and certain other entities, such as members of the management or certain significant shareholders of 
the bank. Claims from subordinated debt and bills of exchange and other securities are also not covered by deposit 
insurance. 
The level of insurance coverage is calculated by aggregating the insured deposits of each depositor with the 
particular bank. Since 1 January 2011, the amount that can be paid to a depositor under the scheme is equal to 
100 per cent. of the aggregate of its deposits and is capped at the amount of EUR 100,000 per depositor per bank. 
For this purpose, the amounts paid in respect of deposits on joint accounts are proportionately allocated to each 
joint account holder. Since 1 January 2016, legislation has defined exceptional cases where even higher 
compensation may be paid out for a defined period of time. This increased compensation can exceed the basic 
limit of EUR 100,000 by a maximum of an additional EUR 100,000. Such exceptional cases are e.g. deposit 
compensations for deposits resulting from real estate transactions related to private residential properties, 
settlement of the common property of spouses after divorce, insurance settlement (in the case of injury, illness, 
invalidity or death) and in other cases determined by law.  
A yearly contribution of a Czech bank to the Deposit Insurance Fund is calculated pursuant to a formula published 
by the CNB, which takes into account the amount of the insured deposits and the risk profile of the institution. In 
2023, the Issuer paid, on a consolidated basis, a yearly contribution to the Deposit Insurance Fund and the Crisis 
Resolution Fund in the amount of CZK 555 million.

--- Page 412 ---
- 412 - 
 
 
 
Remedial Measures and Penalties 
Under Czech law, banks are obliged to carry out their business in a prudential manner, in particular in a manner 
that does not impair the interests of depositors in respect of recoverability of their interests or endanger the bank's 
safety and soundness. Banks are also required to observe all applicable legal rules and regulations, including the 
terms and conditions stipulated in their licence. If the CNB detects any shortcomings in the activities of a bank, 
it is authorised, among other things to: (i) require the bank to remedy the situation within a specified period by, 
for example, restricting some of the bank's activities, replacing persons in the bank's management or the bank's 
Supervisory Board, or creating adequate provisions and reserves; (ii) change the bank's licence by excluding or 
restricting some of the activities listed in the bank's licence; (iii) order an extraordinary audit at the expense of 
the bank; (iv) impose a fine of up to CZK 50 million or, in some cases, of up to 10 per cent. of annual net turnover 
of the bank or the consolidated accounts of the parent undertaking; (v) require a reduction of the bank's capital to 
cover any loss (to the extent that such loss is not covered by reserve funds and other funds), provided that the loss 
exceeds 20 per cent. of the bank's equity; (vi) impose forced administration if the stability of the entire banking 
sector is endangered; and (vii) revoke the bank's licence where serious shortcomings persist or when the bank is 
insolvent. The CNB is also authorised to apply certain other measures, which are linked mainly to capital 
adequacy. 
Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the CNB may further exercise a range of crisis prevention 
measures and crisis management measures, as described above. 
Additionally, the CNB is authorised to take measures consisting of suspending the rights of shareholders who 
acquire or increase a qualifying holding in a bank without the CNB's consent or who operate to the detriment of 
the sound and prudent management of the bank.  
Consolidated Supervision 
Under the Czech Banking Act and the Prudential Rules Decree, Czech banks, branches of foreign banks 
established outside the EEA and other entities forming consolidated groups are also subject to supervision on a 
consolidated basis, which includes monitoring and regulating the risks to which Czech banks and branches of 
foreign banks established outside the EEA are exposed due to their membership in a consolidated group. 
As a general rule, consolidated groups controlled by a bank or financial holding entity seated in other EEA 
Member States are not subject to supervision by the CNB on a consolidated basis. 
The consolidated groups subject to supervision by the CNB on a consolidated basis are mainly obliged to comply 
with: (i) the requirements for the internal management and control system; (ii) the rules for capital requirements; 
(iii) the large exposure rules; (iv) the restrictions on qualified participation; and (v) the rules for disclosure of 
information. When exercising supervision on a consolidated basis, the CNB co-operates with authorities 
responsible for supervising banks and financial institutions in other countries and is entitled to exchange 
information with them.

--- Page 413 ---
- 413 - 
 
 
 
MORTGAGE LOANS AND THEIR REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
This section contains selected information on certain aspects of the regulation of mortgage loans in the Czech 
Republic. The information in this section is intended to provide a brief overview of the regulation of mortgage 
loans in the Czech Republic which affects the Issuer, the Raiffeisen Group or certain of its members and it is not 
intended to provide a comprehensive or complete description of regulation of mortgage loans in the Czech 
Republic. 
Mortgage Bank as Pledgee 
The Issuer qualifies as a mortgage bank which, as the mortgagee, generally enjoys enhanced protection with 
regard to the receivables or parts of those receivables under Mortgage Loans which constitute Cover Assets 
included in the Cover Pool, which are used to cover the obligations of the Issuer from the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (i.e., their aggregate nominal value and the value of the proportionate yield). 
There are several methods to enforce a pledge over real property securing a Mortgage Loan. Where real property 
securing a Mortgage Loan is sold by way of judicial auction according to the Civil Procedure Code, the 
receivables of the Issuer as a mortgage bank (or as the mortgagee) will be satisfied in priority to any other 
receivables of all other creditors of the mortgagor and shall be satisfied immediately following only the deduction 
of the costs associated with the foreclosure auctions and with the administration of a respective building and tract 
of land (up to one tenth from the auction’s proceeds). 
Since 1 May 2000, a creditor whose claim is secured by a mortgage over real property does not need to resort to 
the sale of that property by way of judicial auction even in cases where the owner of the real property disagrees 
with the sale of the real property. According to Czech Act No. 26/2000 Coll., on Public Auctions, as amended 
(the Czech Public Auctions Act), the mortgagee may propose the implementation of an involuntary public 
auction, provided that the receivable has been confirmed by an enforceable court decision, enforceable arbitral 
decision or was documented by way of an enforceable notarial deed, which contains the particulars prescribed by 
applicable law.  
A valuation of the real property in public auction must be prepared in the form of an expert opinion and must not 
be older than six months as of the date of the auction. Information, the publication of which is required by law, or 
information published voluntarily by the auction participants is publicly accessible on a designated website. 
From the moment when the mortgagor of the real property receives written notice from the mortgagee of its 
intention to enforce the rights arising from the mortgage any legal steps undertaken by the mortgagor leading to 
the disposal, encumbrance or leasing of the Mortgaged Property or to the creation of new obligations that decrease 
the value of the Mortgaged Property or limit the ability to dispose of the Mortgaged Property are invalid. This 
limitation does not apply in cases where the object of the public auction has not been auctioned off or if the 
auction was nullified and a replacement auction is not scheduled or if the auctioneer cancelled the auction or if the 
auction was declared null and void. 
After deducting the costs associated with the public auction from its proceeds, claims of the creditors are satisfied 
in the following order: (i) claims relating to the administration of a respective building and tract of land (up to 
one tenth from the auction's proceeds) and claims secured by a possessory lien; (ii) claims based on a Mortgage 
Loan covering the obligations arising from Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (i.e., their aggregate nominal value); 
(iii) claims secured by a mortgage or by a restriction on the transfer of real property (where more of these 
mortgages are attached to the object of the auction such claims shall be satisfied according to the order of their 
origination); and (iv) claims that constitute taxes, fees, public health insurance, social security insurance and 
contributions to the state employment policy, if these became due in the last three years prior to the auction and 
have been filed by the authorised auction creditors (where more such claims are filed by the auction creditors, 
such claims shall be satisfied proportionally). 
The Czech Civil Code effective as of 1 January 2014 has introduced two new methods of mortgage enforcement. 
These new methods, if agreed on in writing, may serve as alternatives to the sale of the real property in judicial 
or public auction. 
The first new method of enforcement of a claim secured by a mortgage is the direct private sale of the real 
property. This method is only available where the parties expressly agreed on it in writing. The mortgagee may, 
at any time during the process of enforcement by way of the direct private sale, change the method of enforcement

--- Page 414 ---
- 414 - 
 
 
 
and sell the real property in public or judicial auction. The mortgagor must be notified about such a change in 
due course. The mortgagee is not entitled to sell the real property prior to the day falling thirty days from (i) 
delivery (or deemed delivery under the terms of Czech law) of the mortgagee's notification of the commencement 
of enforcement to the mortgagor; or (ii) the inscription of the commencement of enforcement of the mortgage 
into the Czech Real Property Register, depending on which of the events set out under paragraph (i) or (ii) occurs 
later. Should the mortgagee enforce the mortgage by a sale that does not qualify as a sale in the public auction 
under the Czech Public Auctions Act, the mortgagee has a duty to proceed with expert care, in a manner which 
ensures that the real property is sold at standard market price and other standard market conditions and at the 
same time to pursue not only its own interests, but also the interests of the mortgagor. 
Without undue delay after the sale of the real property, the mortgagee is obliged to provide the mortgagor with a 
report in writing, containing information about the sale, expenses incurred in the course of the sale, as well as 
information about the proceeds of the sale and their subsequent use. 
The other new method of mortgage enforcement is the mortgagee's option to accept the real property as 
satisfaction for the secured debts. This alternative, like the enforcement by way of direct private sale, must be 
agreed on in writing. 
Mortgage agreements relating to the Mortgaged Property generally include detailed provisions governing the 
option for the benefit of the Issuer to enforce the mortgage by way of direct private sale. 
Regardless of the choice of enforcement method, the mortgagee is always entitled to reimbursement for 
necessarily and reasonably incurred expenses associated with the enforcement. 
Furthermore, irrespective of the method of enforcement, the mortgagee must always notify the mortgagor in 
writing of the commencement of mortgage enforcement. In this notice the mortgagee shall specify the method 
which will be used to enforce the claim. The mortgagee cannot proceed with the enforcement of the mortgage 
prior to the day falling 30 days from the delivery of such notice, unless such mortgage secures consumer loan for 
housing purposes, in which case the standstill period extends to 6 months. Due delivery of the written notice has 
significant effects on the mortgagor's dispositional rights as the mortgagor may not, from the moment when the 
mortgagor receives the written notice, dispose of the real property without the mortgagee's consent. Disposition 
made without such consent might be void; however, a breach of this prohibition does not affect the validity of a 
purchase agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business, unless the purchaser must have known about 
the commencement of enforcement. 
If the borrower under a Mortgage Loan is declared insolvent and the Issuer duly registers its claim in the 
insolvency proceedings, the Issuer as a mortgage bank (or as the mortgagee) will qualify as a secured creditor. 
However, the position of the Issuer as a secured creditor can be challenged in the insolvency proceedings. 
Following such a challenge filed by an Insolvency Administrator or another creditor, the Issuer would have to 
file an action with the insolvency court demanding that the receivable arising from the Mortgage Loan be 
recognised as a secured receivable. Should the Issuer be recognised as a secured creditor, it would be entitled to 
have its claim satisfied from the borrower's assets that are subject to a first ranking security created in favour of 
the Issuer at any time after the decision on resolution of the borrower's insolvency by liquidation of the borrower's 
assets (in Czech, konkurs). Secured creditors are, after deduction of costs of administration (up to 4 per cent. of 
liquidation proceeds from the relevant asset) and liquidation (up to 5 per cent. of liquidation proceeds from the 
relevant asset) and remuneration of the Insolvency Administrator, satisfied from the proceeds of the liquidation 
of that asset in the order in which the legal grounds of their entitlement to such satisfaction from that particular 
asset arose. The priority of a statutory lien is determined on the basis of the date when it was inscribed into the 
Czech Real Property Register. 
The Mortgage Code of Conduct 
The Issuer has acceded to the Mortgage Code of Conduct created under the auspices of the European Commission 
(the Code). Under the Code, the Issuer obliged itself to a transparent approach and to the adequate disclosure of 
information concerning mortgage loans. 
The Code is one of a number of pan-European attempts to establish voluntary rules for the granting of mortgage 
loans. The Code forms a part of the European Agreement on a Voluntary Code of Conduct on Pre-contractual 
Information for Home Loans (the European Mortgage Code Agreement), which aims to ensure that clients are 
provided with access to information about housing loans, and that this information is being presented in the same

--- Page 415 ---
- 415 - 
 
 
 
form and in the same manner throughout the entire European Union. The European Mortgage Code Agreement 
was signed by European representatives of associations of credit institutions and consumer organisations in March 
2001. The Czech Banking Association acceded to the Code in September 2005. In January 2006, the Issuer 
became the first domestic bank to approve the accession to the Code and the relevant criteria for granting 
mortgage loans implemented by the Issuer surpass the minimum standards set by the Code.  
The Mortgage Credit Directive and the Czech Consumer Credit Act 
The Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit 
agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property (the Mortgage Credit Directive) has been 
transposed into the Czech law in the Czech Consumer Credit Act, which became effective as of 1 December 
2016. 
The Czech Consumer Credit Act stipulates that certain information must be provided to each potential customer 
by a mortgage bank in a form determined by the Czech Consumer Credit Act prior to the execution of the loan 
agreement. Each loan agreement must be made in writing and must contain all the information required by the 
Czech Consumer Credit Act. A failure to provide certain information regarding the pricing of the loan can affect 
the interest rate applicable to the loan. If any of the interest rate, the annual percentage rate of charge (the APRC) 
or the total amount payable by the customer is not included in the loan agreement, or such information was not 
provided in writing, the customer shall pay the interest equal to the repo interest rate issued by the CNB as at the 
date of the respective agreement. The Czech Consumer Credit Act also stipulates that if the interest rate and the 
total amount payable by the customer included in the loan agreement do not correspond, the provision more 
favourable to the customer shall apply. If the APRC included in the loan agreement is calculated incorrectly and 
the correct APRC is higher, the interest rate applicable to the loan shall be lowered to correspond to the APRC 
included in the loan agreement. 
The Czech Consumer Credit Act stipulates that customers are entitled to fully or partially prepay a consumer loan 
(including a mortgage loan) at any time before its due date. The customer can be charged only the costs reasonably 
incurred by the mortgage bank in connection with the prepayment. However, the mortgage bank cannot claim the 
costs it incurred in case of (a) a prepayment made within three months after the mortgage bank informed the 
customer of a new interest rate applicable to the loan; or (b) a prepayment made in connection with a death, long-
term illness or disability of the customer or his spouse or partner, which materially impaired the customer's ability 
to repay the loan; or (c) a partial prepayment of no more than 25 per cent. of the loan amount, provided that the 
repayment was made during a month preceding an anniversary of the loan agreement. If the mortgage loan was 
prepaid in connection with the sale of the asset securing the loan, the mortgage bank can claim the costs not 
exceeding 1 per cent. of the prepaid amount and no more than CZK 50,000, provided that the loan agreement was 
entered into at least 24 months prior to the prepayment date. 
The CNB Regulation and Recommendation 
Since August 2021, the CNB Act enables the CNB to set binding upper limits on the LTV, debt-to-income (DTI) 
and debt service-to-income (DSTI) ratios for all providers of consumer credit secured by residential property in 
connection with the identification of the systemic risks relating to those loans. 
Based on macroprudential analyses and the information gathered by the CNB in the course of financial market 
supervision, the CNB may decide to issue: 
(a) 
provisions of a general nature on setting upper limits on credit ratios, setting the specific values 
for the upper limits of the LTV, DTI and DSTI ratios; and 
(b) 
recommendations on the management of risks associated with the provision of consumer credit secured 
by residential property. Until 2021, such recommendation contained a summary of recommended limits 
for selected credit ratios and a set of other rules, the observance of which constituted prudent behaviour 
when conditions on the financial market are taken into account. Since 2021, it contains selected 
conditions related to the provision of mortgage loans, which are not regulated by the CNB Act and 
specified by the provision of a general nature, e.g. maximum maturity, acceptable methods of principal 
repayment, increasing the principal of an existing mortgage loan.

--- Page 416 ---
- 416 - 
 
 
 
The currently set upper limit for LTV ratio announced in the provision of a general nature of 29 November 2023 
(the Provision of General Nature) and applicable as of 30 November 2023 is as follows:65 
(a) 
maximum LTV: 80 per cent. (90 per cent. for applicants under the age of 36). 
The providers of consumer loans secured by a residential property may generally exercise an exception stipulated 
by the CNB Act (the Statutory Exemption), under which they may provide, in a particular calendar quarter, 
consumer loans secured by residential property not meeting the LTV ratio prescribed by the Provision of General 
Nature, provided that (i) the volume of such provided loans does not exceed 5 per cent. of the total amount of 
consumer loans secured by residential property provided in the previous calendar quarter; (ii) such loans are duly 
recorded as not meeting the LTV ratio prescribed by the Provision of General Nature; and (iii) their provision is 
duly justified in terms of securing the return of such loans. 
On 29 November 2023, the CNB published an updated non-binding recommendation regarding the retail 
mortgage risk management (the Recommendation 11/2023), which replaced the previous recommendation 
published on 19 June 2023, in order to, among other things, strengthen the effectiveness of the Provision of 
General Nature and to define the parameters of some lending conditions and credit standards that the CNB 
considers prudential and material from the financial stability point of view.  
Under the Recommendation 11/2023, prudence should be exercised when assessing consumer credit applications 
of consumers whose LTV ratio would exceed the upper limit set in the Provision of General Nature and would 
thus be provided under the Statutory Exemption. 
The previous provision of a general nature applicable as of 2 June 2023, contained in addition the maximum DTI 
set upper limit for credit ratios as 8.5 (9.5 for applicants under the age of 36), which is no longer in force with 
effect from 1 January 2024. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer complies with the Recommendation 11/2023. 
General Conditions of the Market 
Main Competitors 
More than a dozen banks currently operate on the mortgage market in the Czech Republic. The main mortgage 
lenders, in addition to the Issuer, are Komerční banka, a.s., Česká spořitelna, a.s., Československá obchodní 
banka, a.s., UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. Hypoteční banka, a.s. and MONETA Money Bank, 
a.s. 
Housing market 
According to a 2021 census, there were about 4.48 million occupied dwellings (5.34 million dwellings in total in 
2021) in the Czech Republic. 
The number of houses has overall increased by approximately 375,000 since 2011. The following table illustrates 
the structure of the housing stock in terms of tenure status according to the 2021 census: 
Rental housing: 
20 per cent. (22 per cent. in 2011) 
Co-operative sector: 
3 per cent. (9 per cent. in 2011) 
Owner-occupied housing: 
61 per cent. (56 per cent. in 2011) 
Owner-occupied 
housing 
(own house / private ownership): 
61 per cent. (56 per cent. in 2011) 
Other free use of dwelling: 
6 per cent. (4 per cent. in 2011) 
Other: 
3 per cent. (1 per cent. in 2011) 
Not identified: 
7 per cent. (8 per cent. in 2011) 
 
65 CNB’s requirements for LTV, DSTI and DTI limits available at: https://www.cnb.cz/en/financial-stability/macroprudential-
policy/requirements-for-ltv-dsti-and-dti-limits/.

--- Page 417 ---
- 417 - 
 
 
 
Real Property under the Czech Civil Code 
The Czech Civil Code effective as of 1 January 2014 introduced a different legal concept of real property in the 
Czech Republic, which has also certain implications for existing mortgages. 
The Czech Civil Code has reintroduced the superficies solo cedit principle into Czech private law. In accordance 
with this principle, a building is considered a mere part of a plot of land upon which it is erected. Consequently, 
the building on its own is not capable of being sold or mortgaged. This might raise the question of whether a 
mortgage over a plot of land entered into prior to 1 January 2014 automatically extends to the building erected 
on such a plot of land (and vice versa) on the day on which the Czech Civil Code became effective. The Czech 
Civil Code provides certain exceptions to the superficies solo cedit principle, including (without limitation) the 
situation in which either a plot of land or a building erected on it is mortgaged in favour of a third party and the 
nature of this mortgage is irreconcilable with the plot of land and the building being legally treated as one legal 
object. As a result, in most situations where a plot of land or a building is subject to a mortgage, the plot of land 
and building will continue to exist as separate legal objects and an encumbrance weighting on one of these assets 
will not extend to the other. 
Secondly, the Czech Civil Code established a pre-emption right over buildings in favour of owners of the 
underlying land and vice versa, provided that the relevant plot of land and the relevant building are not treated as 
a single legal object. The statutory pre-emption right must be respected in case of any disposal with the respective 
building or land. Therefore, if a mortgagee wishes to sell Mortgaged Property encumbered by such a pre-emption 
right, the building or plot of land should, in the first instance, be offered to the beneficiary of the pre-emption 
right. Even if not exercised, the pre-emption right survives the sale of the real property and continues to exist. 
State Housing Assistance Programmes 
The state of the Czech Republic is no longer acting as an active investor on the housing market and does not own 
housing stock. However, at the same time, it respects the particularities of the housing market, which necessitate 
a certain degree of state intervention. Financial intervention by the state is concentrated into several basic areas 
such as promoting the construction of rental housing and technical infrastructure, support for the repair of housing 
stock and the provision of state loans for repairs, modernisation and expansion of the housing stock. The 
implementation of the above mentioned support for housing is carried out primarily through the Ministry for 
Regional Development and the State Investment Support Fund (in Czech, Státní fond podpory investic). 
The following programmes for the support of housing and for the repair of housing stock are in effect as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
Support in the area of housing financed by the Ministry for Regional Development: 
Support for housing in areas with strategic industrial zones which aims to support the development of rental 
housing in the areas affected by rapid growth of job opportunities by increasing the number of rental dwellings 
for permanent housing.  
Support in the area of housing financed by the State Investment Support Fund: 
Loans for the purpose of construction and creation of social and affordable apartments and social, affordable and 
combined houses (available to legal persons only). 
Aid for the revitalization of areas with old construction burden (brownfields) financed from the EU’s Recovery 
and Resilience Facility 
Aid and loans for the revitalization of areas with old construction burden (brownfields) for non-economic use. 
Loans for the purpose of repairs and modernization of residential buildings comprised of at least four apartments 
called "Panel 2013+". 
Loans for the purpose of modernization and reconstruction of residential buildings which aims to increase their 
energy-efficiency and related performance.

--- Page 418 ---
- 418 - 
 
 
 
Aid related to natural disasters – low-interest loans and grants for amelioration of the consequences of natural 
disasters called “Živel”. 
Additionally, there are also subsidies in place financed by the Ministry of the Environment through the 
programme "Nová zelená úsporám" (New Green for Savings), a grant programme funded by the sale of emission 
allowances for the support of renewable resources and for energy saving. In September 2023, the Ministry of the 
Environment, in cooperation with the State Investment Support Fund, launched a motivational subsidy program 
for Czech households, which is intended to increase the pace of renovation of energy-deficient family houses and 
to help renew the existing housing stock. The subsidy is financed from the Modernization Fund and a total of 
CZK 55 billion is prepared for subsidies from the New Green for Savings programme. 
The Business Strategy of the Issuer 
In connection with the continuing economic growth development in the Czech Republic, overall expansion of 
mortgage market and increasing needs of funding of housing, the Issuer expects that there should be strong 
preconditions for its business activities in the field of mortgage banking. The Issuer's strategy is to provide 
mortgage loans within a complete portfolio of products. 
Types of Loans and other Products Provided 
The mortgage loans are provided by the Issuer for the purpose of (i) construction or purchase of the property; (ii) 
purchase of the interests in the property; (iii) reconstruction, modernisation and repairs of the property; and (iv) 
the settlement of the loan or credit used for the investment in the property. 
Properties, for which the Issuer provides mortgage loans, include family houses, apartment buildings, dwelling 
units and building plots. Investments in commercial properties are provided to natural persons only in exceptional 
cases. 
Within the range of mortgages which the Issuer offers to its clients, the basic mortgage is the "Klasik" mortgage 
loan. In the case of the "Klasik" mortgage loan the disbursement of the loan amount and the annuity payments 
are optimised. The loan is provided for up to 90 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value of the relevant 
Mortgaged Property securing the loan but only a maximum of 80 per cent. of this Mortgaged Property Value or 
100 per cent. of the respective mortgage loan value, whichever is lower, is included in the Issuer's Cover Pool. 
As in case of other mortgage products, clients can choose a fixed interest rate for 1 to 5, 7, 10 or 15 or float rate 
dependent on PRIBOR 1M with a loan maturity of 5-30 years. Under the "Klasik Offset Mortgage", the Issuer 
further offers its clients an option to offset their savings against the unpaid principal of the mortgage loan.  
The "Profit" mortgage loan was developed for those clients who are interested in investing in properties as a 
source of income (buy to let) and thereby securing a stable cash flow in the future, which is not so dependent on 
the employment record of the owner. The "Profit" mortgage loan is provided for up to 70 per cent. of the loan-
to-value ratio (LTV) meaning that this loan cannot exceed 70 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value of the 
relevant Mortgaged Property securing the loan. 
The "Univerzál American Mortgage" is a mortgage loan with no specified purpose. The loan maturity is up to 20 
years; the loan is provided for up to 70 per cent. LTV. 
Lending Business Rules 
The Issuer has a set of rules that governs the policy of credit exposure and the activities of individual departments 
in the Issuer's management. At the same time procedures, which determine the implementation of the individual 
operations throughout the entire lending process, have been approved. In the organisational structure of the Issuer, 
the actual trading activities are strictly separated from the activities for the credit approval and lending processes 
as well as from the activities for risk monitoring processes of the Issuer in order to reduce the credit risk. 
Credit Management 
The Issuer's strategy in the area of loans is to grant a loan on the basis of the demonstrable ability of the borrower 
to generate strong cash flow through his or her activities, sufficient to repay the debt regardless of whether the 
debt is a mortgage or another type of loan.

--- Page 419 ---
- 419 - 
 
 
 
If the loan applicant is a natural person, the Issuer evaluates the level and structure of his revenue, and/or the 
income of any other co-applicants (family members) and their spending, including future spending to repay loans. 
The Issuer also evaluates the client, who is a natural person, in terms of personal risk factors. This can have the 
effect of a potential restriction of the terms of the credit engagement. 
The client due diligence process, in the case of a business entity, includes an in-depth examination of the 
ownership structure, also including any significant relationships of the relevant client with a focus on the groups 
that are economically related to the company, evaluation of the client's status in the relevant sector (the principle 
competitors, latest developments, etc.). Particular attention is paid to off-balance sheet records (not only off-
balance sheet liabilities, but also any liabilities that might result in the client's obligation to pay, deliver, or 
purchase, that could seriously impair the client's financial position) and cash flow. 
The goal of the credit assessment process is to prepare a true picture of the client's status; this analysis attempts 
to uncover any known significantly negative factors relating to the client that could lead the client into serious 
financial distress. 
Securing of Loans 
The Issuer secures its receivables or parts of those receivables under the Mortgage Loans by mortgages over the 
Mortgaged Property, which must meet the relevant statutory requirements. 
In broad terms, the Issuer accepts not only land and completed buildings (approved for use), but also buildings 
or properties under construction, flats and commercial spaces as the subject of a mortgage. Buildings can be 
located on the land of the mortgagor or on the land belonging to a third party. A mortgage over a building on land 
belonging to a third party might be accepted by the Issuer, but only if the client submits an agreement for a future 
contract for the relevant land containing conditions for sale of land that are satisfactory for the Issuer. 
The Mortgaged Property, which the Issuer accepts, is valued in accordance with the Issuer's own methodology.  
Appraisal of Properties 
The Issuer ascertains the Mortgaged Property Value in accordance with the applicable law. The Mortgaged 
Property Value for the purposes of issuing Czech Covered Bonds and for the purposes of bank lending in the open 
market is the current market price after supervision of the internal collateral appraiser. 
The Issuer developed its own methodology for the appraisal of the Mortgaged Property and has established an 
organisational unit whose job is to methodically guide the external appraisers and departments dealing with 
lending activity within the Issuer. The Issuer understands the current market price as the price that would be 
obtained when selling the same or similar properties, specifically in accordance with their status and location, as 
of the valuation date. The appraisal of the current market price is usually submitted to the Issuer by external 
appraisers who are obliged to follow the methodology of the Issuer. Prior to making the appraisal, the appraiser 
is required to collect all the necessary documents relating to the properties, including photographs, and to carry 
out a local inspection in situ. A portion of Mortgage Properties, especially flats, are valued using Automated 
Valuation Model (AVM). The output of the AVM must always be confirmed by an Issuer´s internal collateral 
appraiser. 
The Issuer's methodology, based on the fundamental principles of a market valuation of real estate property that 
is in line with recognised international standards, is generally used for valuations. An estimation of the current 
market price is generally based on the market values of other properties, i.e. material, yield and correlation, and 
in particular on local knowledge, market conditions, status and utilisation of the evaluated property. This 
methodology determines the current market price and the "future value" (after the completion of unfinished work) 
or the "minimal value" (after demolition or dismantling prior to the reconstruction). Prudence is applied in 
analysing the available information during the valuation process. The methodology is in accordance with the 
rules set out in section 29 of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Contractual Arrangements of the Loan Relationship 
Conditions for granting, utilisation and repayment of the loan between the Issuer and the clients are regulated in 
bilateral credit agreements, loan contracts or similar contracts constituting a mortgage loan. The essential

--- Page 420 ---
- 420 - 
 
 
 
preconditions for the utilisation of the loan are the creation or application for registration of a mortgage over the 
real property, insurance on the real property and the full restriction of transferability of the real property. A loan 
for construction, reconstruction, modernisation or repair is utilised gradually, depending on the progress of the 
work and increase in the value of the collateral. Mortgage loans which are extended to purchase real properties, 
refinance the existing loans or credits or settle the ownership of the real property would typically be drawn by 
the borrower in a single lump-sum. 
The interest rate in the contract for the provision of the mortgage loan is agreed as fixed, with a set duration, 
which, in accordance with the client's choice, can be established from one to five, for seven, ten or fifteen years. 
Before the expiration of this stipulated period the Issuer will notify the client about the new interest rate (based 
on price developments in the financial markets). If the client does not agree with the change in the interest rate, 
the loan may be accelerated on the date of the expiration of the current interest period, unless the parties agree 
otherwise. The client is obliged to repay the mortgage loan in the form of monthly annuity payments. The Issuer 
has the right to collect payments from a client's current account, which is established for this purpose. 
The client is entitled to the early repayment of the loan. In such case the Issuer is entitled to compensations for 
the costs actually incurred in connection with the early repayment up to the limit pursuant to the Czech Consumer 
Credit Act (see Mortgage Loans and their Regulatory Framework – The Mortgage Credit Directive and the 
Czech Consumer Credit Act).  
The Issuer, in accordance with the contract for the mortgage loan, may also charge the client, in addition to the 
interest on the loan, also the interest on arrears, up to the interest rate stipulated in the loan contract plus an amount 
in accordance with the applicable tariff (in each case, subject to limits of applicable laws). In accordance with the 
loan contract, the Issuer may take additional measures to protect its interests, especially to restrict or terminate 
the utilisation of the loan, increase the interest rate on the loan or require its early repayment.

--- Page 421 ---
- 421 - 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF THE PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF 
MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS AND THE ISSUER’S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE 
AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT 
THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP 
AND DISPOSITION OF MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE 
OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF THE CZECH REPUBLIC, GERMANY AND THE 
GRAND DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR 
WHICH THEY MAY OTHERWISE BE LIABLE FOR TAXES. THE RESPECTIVE RELEVANT TAX 
LEGISLATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE MORTGAGE 
COVERED BONDS. 
Disclosure of information in connection with payments 
General Information 
Pursuant to the Czech withholding tax rules applicable to the Eurobonds under the Czech Income Taxes Act as 
amended by the Act No. 609/2020 Coll. and Act No. 353/2021 Coll., unless exempt from tax or unless a Tax 
Treaty states otherwise, income payable by an issuer in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds may be subject 
to the Withholding Tax and the Tax Security (as the case may be). 
As a withholding agent, the Issuer is liable, on a strict-liability basis, for (i) a proper withholding of any 
Withholding Tax and Tax Security (as the case may be) which are required to be withheld or deducted at source 
at an appropriate rate under any applicable law by or within the Tax Jurisdiction from any payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds as well as (ii) the granting of any relief therefrom (whether 
in the form of an exemption or application of a reduced rate) (a Tax Relief). The Issuer also bears the related 
burden of proof vis-à-vis the tax authorities which necessitates, before any Tax Relief can be granted, collection 
of certain information and documentation concerning, in particular, the identity and country of tax residence of 
the recipient of a payment of principal or interest in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (together with 
relevant evidence thereof) which would enable the Issuer to reliably establish that such recipient is a Beneficial 
Owner with respect to any such payment and that it meets all conditions for any applicable Tax Relief to be 
granted (the Beneficial Ownership Information).  
The tax relief at source and refund procedures for the Czech Republic implemented by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg which are designed to facilitate collection of the Beneficial Ownership Information 
are available at the website of the International Capital Market Services Association at www.icmsa.org, as 
amended or replaced from time to time, or as modified or updated by the respective ICSD as part of implementing 
or operating such procedures (the Certification Procedures). Mortgage Covered Bondholders must seek their 
own professional advice to satisfy themselves that they comply with all the applicable procedures and any 
requirements thereunder (whether documentary or otherwise) to ensure a tax treatment of their Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which duly reflects their particular circumstances for the purposes of applying any Withholding 
Tax, Tax Security and Tax Relief (as the case may be) and should consult the latest announcements in relation 
to the Certification Procedures on the websites of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (www.euroclear.com 
and www.clearstream.com) and on the website of the International Capital Market Services Association 
(www.icmsa.org). None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Paying Agents or the ICSDs (or any other 
clearing system) assumes any responsibility therefor. 
Quick Refund Procedure 
The Beneficial Owners who are otherwise entitled to a Tax Relief and to whom the payments of interest and/or 
principal in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds have been made net of any Withholding Tax or Tax Security, 
because the Beneficial Ownership Information under the Relief at Source Procedure could not, for any reason,

--- Page 422 ---
- 422 - 
 
 
 
be duly or timely collected, may be entitled to a refund of the amounts so withheld pursuant to the quick refund 
procedure as set out in the Certification Procedures (the Quick Refund Procedure).  
Standard Refund Procedure 
The Beneficial Owners who are otherwise entitled to a Tax Relief and to whom the payments of interest in 
respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds have been made net of any Withholding Tax, because the Beneficial 
Ownership Information under the Relief at Source Procedure or the Quick Refund Procedure could not, for any 
reason, be duly or timely collected may deliver correct, complete and accurate Beneficial Ownership Information 
to the Issuer no later than three years from the end of a calendar year in which the payments which were subject 
to any relevant withholdings with respect to Withholding Tax were made (the Standard Refund Procedure). 
The Beneficial Ownership Information shall be delivered to the address of the registered office of the Issuer, in 
person or by first class mail or (if posted from an address overseas) by airmail and marked for the attention of: 
Raiffeisenbank a.s.  
Taxes and Operating Accounting  
Hvězdova 1716/2b  
140 78 Prague 4 
Czech Republic 
and shall include the Beneficial Owner’s up-to-date contact details together with evidence of the Beneficial 
Owner’s holding of or interest in the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds, which shall be used by the Issuer for 
the purposes of any refund-related communication. 
The Issuer shall proceed in accordance with the then applicable laws of the Czech Republic and shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to obtain the refund or will inform the Beneficial Owner that it is not in position to process 
such request. Subject to the due and timely receipt of the Beneficial Ownership Information, if the Issuer in its 
sole and absolute discretion determines that it is entitled to file a refund claim with the Czech tax authorities for 
any previously withheld Withholding Tax and obtains a refund of any amounts so withheld, it shall pay any such 
amounts to the Beneficial Owner within ten Business Days of receipt thereof from the Czech tax authorities, net 
of a fixed amount specified in the Final Terms to cover the Issuer’s administrative costs and expenses pertaining 
to the refund claim. 
Any communication in respect of the Standard Refund Procedure shall be made directly between the Issuer and 
the relevant Beneficial Owner as Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Principal Paying Agent are 
not engaged in the Standard Refund Procedure. 
The Issuer may publish additional information in relation to the Standard Refund Procedure (including a change 
in contact details for delivery of the Beneficial Ownership Information) on the website of the Issuer. 
In case of any withholding for or on account of the Tax Security, the relevant Beneficial Owner must directly 
approach the Czech tax authorities. 
Taxation in the Czech Republic 
The following is a general discussion of certain Czech tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Mortgage Covered Bonds. This discussion does not purport to be a comprehensive description of 
all tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds. As each 
Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific terms of such 
Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds as set out in the respective Final Terms, the following section only provides 
some very general information on the possible tax treatment. In particular, this discussion does not consider any 
specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. This overview is based on the laws of 
the Czech Republic currently in force and as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to 
change, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. The information contained within this section are 
limited to taxation issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other 
areas, including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 423 ---
- 423 - 
 
 
 
The description below represents a brief summary of selected material tax aspects of the purchase, holding and 
disposal of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the Czech Republic. The summary is mainly based on the Act No. 
586/1992 Coll., on Income Taxes, as amended (Income Taxes Act), and on other related laws which are effective 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus as well as on the administrative practice or the prevailing interpretations 
of these laws and other regulations as applied by Czech tax, administrative and other authorities and bodies and 
as these are known to the Issuer at the date of this Prospectus. The information contained herein is neither 
intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. The description below is solely of a general nature 
(i.e. it does not take into account, for example, specific tax treatment of certain taxpayers such as investment, 
mutual or pension funds) and may change in the future depending on changes in the relevant laws that may occur 
after this date, or in the interpretation of these laws which may be applied after that date. In this respect, please 
note that the below description of Czech tax treatment of the Mortgage Covered Bonds has been significantly 
affected by the Act No. 609/2020 Coll. (2021 ITA Amendment) and Act No. 353/2021 Coll. (2022 Banking Act 
Amendment), which amends some acts in the field of taxes and some other acts. The 2021 ITA Amendment has 
significantly changed the tax regime of bonds issued after 31 December 2020. Subsequently, the 2022 Banking 
Act Amendment has reintroduced some provisions abolished by 2021 ITA Amendment. The new rules are quite 
controversial. Therefore, the tax regime of bonds (including the Mortgage Covered Bonds) is currently 
associated with many ambiguities. In the Issuer's opinion, the summary below represents a rational 
interpretation of the relevant provisions of the Income Taxes Act in relation to bonds. 
The following summary assumes that the person to whom any income is paid in connection with the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds is a beneficial owner of such income (within the OECD meaning of this term), i.e. it does not act, 
for example, as a proxy, agent, depositary or in any other similar position in which any such payments would be 
received on account of another person or entity. 
For the purposes of this section (Taxation), the following terms have the following meaning: 
Beneficial Owner means a holder of a Mortgage Covered Bond if such holder is also a beneficial owner (within 
the OECD meaning of this term) in respect of income paid on or in connection with such Mortgage Covered 
Bond or a recipient of such income who qualifies as a beneficial owner within the above meaning, in each case 
under the Income Taxes Act as well as for the purposes of a relevant Tax Treaty (if any). 
Czech Permanent Establishment means a permanent establishment in the Czech Republic under the Income 
Taxes Act as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty, if any. 
Coupon means any bond yield other than a bond yield that is determined by reference to the difference between 
the nominal value of a bond and its issue price (i.e. yield determined as the Discount). For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Coupon also includes the Early Redemption Premium. 
Coupon Mortgage Covered Bond means a mortgage covered bond that has the issue price equal to its nominal 
value. For the avoidance of doubt, the Coupon Mortgage Covered Bond is not a mortgage covered bond with a 
yield that is determined by reference to the combination of the Discount and the Coupon. 
Czech Tax Non-Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic neither under the Income 
Taxes Acts nor under any Tax Treaty. 
Czech Tax Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic under the Income Taxes Acts 
as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty, if any. 
Discount means a positive difference between the nominal value of a mortgage covered bond and its lower issue 
price. 
Discounted Mortgage Covered Bond means a mortgage covered bond that has the issue price lower than the 
nominal value. For the avoidance of doubt, the Discounted Mortgage Covered Bond is also a mortgage covered 
bond with a yield that is determined by the combination of the Discount and the Coupon.

--- Page 424 ---
- 424 - 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Premium means any extraordinary yield paid by an issuer in the event of early redemption 
of a mortgage covered bond. 
Legal Entity means a taxpayer other than an individual (i.e. a taxpayer which is subject to corporate income tax 
but who may not necessarily have a legal personality). 
Non-Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident means the Czech Tax Non-Resident other than the Qualifying Czech 
Tax Non-Resident. 
Person Related Through Capital means every person (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) in a situation 
where (i) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, another person, or (ii) 
one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, several persons and, in each 
case, such participation (whether direct or indirect) constitutes at least 25 per cent. of the registered capital of, or 
25 per cent. of the voting rights in, such other person/persons. 
Relief at Source Procedure means a procedure whereby income proceeds are paid taking into account 
exemption and/or applicable reduced rate as foreseen by the applicable tax laws or under any applicable Tax 
Treaty. 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident means the Czech Tax Non-Resident (whether an individual or a Legal 
Entity) who (i) is not the Person Related Through Capital to the Issuer and (ii) has not created a legal relationship 
with the Issuer mainly for tax reasons (i.e. with the aim to reduce a tax base or to increase a tax loss). 
Tax Security means a special amount collected by means of a deduction at source made by the Withholding 
Agent (for example by the issuer of a bond or by the buyer of a bond) upon payment of taxable income which 
serves essentially as an advance with respect to tax that is to be self-assessed by the recipient of the relevant 
income (i.e. unlike the Withholding Tax, the amount so withheld does not generally represent a final tax liability). 
Tax Treaty means a valid and effective tax treaty concluded between the Czech Republic and another country 
under which the Czech Tax Non-Resident is treated as a tax resident of the latter country. In the case of Taiwan, 
the Tax Treaty is Act No. 45/2020 Coll., on the elimination of double taxation in relation to Taiwan, as amended. 
Withholding Agent means a payer of (taxable) income who is responsible for making the deduction of (i) the 
Withholding tax or (ii) the Tax Security, as applicable, and their remittance to the tax authorities. 
Withholding Tax means a tax collected by means of a deduction at source made by the Withholding Agent (for 
example by the issuer of the bond) upon payment of taxable income. Save in certain limited circumstances, such 
tax is generally considered as final. 
Interest Income 
Czech Tax Residents 
(a) Individuals 
The yield in the form of the Coupon paid to an individual is subject to the Withholding Tax at a rate of 15 per 
cent. This tax represents final taxation of the Coupon in the Czech Republic. 
The yield in the form of the Discount paid to an individual is not subject to the Withholding tax or Tax Security. 
Instead, it is included in the general tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15 
per cent. and 23 per cent. depending on individual’s applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 36 
times the average wage amounting to CZK 1,582,812 in 2024). However, the general tax base does not include 
the amount of the Discount, but rather the (positive) difference between the nominal value of the Mortgage 
Covered Bond paid by the Issuer (or another amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Mortgage

--- Page 425 ---
- 425 - 
 
 
 
Covered Bond, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium, if any) and the price for which the individual 
acquired the Mortgage Covered Bond. If an individual holds the Mortgage Covered Bond, which is the Coupon 
Mortgage Covered Bond, until its maturity (or early redemption) and this individual acquired such Mortgage 
Covered Bond on a secondary market at an amount below the nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bond (or 
below other amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bond, but excluding the 
Early Redemption Premium, if any), such (positive) difference is also included in the individual’s general tax 
base. 
(b) Legal Entities 
The yield (whether in the form of the Discount or the Coupon) paid to a Legal Entity is not subject to the 
Withholding Tax, but it is rather included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a 
flat rate of 21 per cent. The Legal Entity which is an accounting unit is generally required to recognise the yield 
in its profit and loss statement on an accrual basis. 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Residents 
The yield from the Mortgage Covered Bond (whether in the form of the Discount or the Coupon) paid to a 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) is exempt from Czech taxation. 
Non-Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Residents 
(a) Individuals 
The yield in the form of the Coupon paid to an individual is subject to the Withholding Tax at a rate of 15 per 
cent. or 35 per cent. The 35 per cent. rate applies to recipients, which do not have Czech Permanent Establishment 
to which the Mortgage Covered Bonds are attributable and, at the same time, are tax residents of neither (i) an 
EU/EEA member state nor (ii) a country with which the Czech Republic has an effective double tax treaty or an 
effective double (or multilateral) treaty on the exchange of information. The 15 per cent. rate applies to all other 
recipients. This tax generally represents a final taxation of the Coupon in the Czech Republic. However, an 
individual who is a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state may decide to include the Coupon in his/her tax 
return filed in the Czech Republic for the relevant tax year. In such a case, the above Withholding Tax represents 
an advance payment which is credited against the final Czech tax liability as declared in the tax return. 
The yield in the form of the Discount paid to an individual is not subject to the Withholding tax. Instead, it is 
included in the general tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15 per cent. and 
23 per cent. depending on individual’s applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 36 times the average 
wage amounting to CZK 1,582,812 in 2024). However, the general tax base does not include the amount of the 
Discount, but rather the (positive) difference between the nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bond paid by 
the Issuer (or another amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bond, but 
excluding the Early Redemption Premium, if any) and the price for which the individual acquired the Mortgage 
Covered Bond. However, if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are not attributable to the individual’s Czech 
Permanent Establishment, the taxable amount cannot exceed the Discount (i.e. if such difference is higher, the 
amount of the Discount will be included in the general tax base). Furthermore, if an individual is not a tax resident 
of an EU/EEA member state, the Issuer will withhold the Tax Security at the rate of 1 per cent. applicable to a 
gross amount paid (i.e. the nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bond upon the maturity or the amount paid 
by the Issuer upon an early redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bond, but excluding the Early Redemption 
Premium, if any). This Tax Security is creditable against the final tax liability as declared in the Czech tax return 
for the relevant tax year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally refundable). If (i) an individual holds 
the Mortgage Covered Bond, which is the Coupon Mortgage Covered Bond, until its maturity (or its early 
redemption), (ii) this individual acquired such Mortgage Covered Bond on a secondary market for an amount 
below its nominal value (or below the amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Mortgage Covered 
Bond, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium, if any) and (iii) such Mortgage Covered Bond is

--- Page 426 ---
- 426 - 
 
 
 
attributable to that individual’s Czech Permanent Establishment, such (positive) difference is also included in 
the individual’s general tax base. 
 (b) Legal Entities 
The yield in the form of the Coupon paid to a Legal Entity, where the Mortgage Covered Bond is not attributable 
to its Czech Permanent Establishment, is subject to the Withholding Tax at a rate of 15 per cent. or 35 per cent. 
The 35 per cent. rate applies to recipients, which are tax residents of neither (i) an EU/EEA member state nor 
(ii) a country with which the Czech Republic has an effective double tax treaty or an effective double (or 
multilateral) treaty on the exchange of information. The 15 per cent. rate applies to all other recipients. This tax 
generally represents final taxation of the Coupon in the Czech Republic. However, the Legal Entity who is a tax 
resident of an EU/EEA member state may decide to include the Coupon in its tax return filed in the Czech 
Republic for the relevant tax year. In such a case, the above Withholding Tax represents an advance payment 
which is credited against the final self-assessed tax liability as declared in the tax return. The yield in the form 
of the Coupon paid to a Legal Entity, where the Mortgage Covered Bond is attributable to its Czech Permanent 
Establishment, is not subject to the Withholding Tax. Instead, it is included in the general tax base, which is 
subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 21 per cent. Furthermore, if the Legal Entity is not a tax resident of 
an EU/EEA member state, the Issuer will withhold a Tax Security at the rate of 10 per cent. applicable to the 
amount of the Coupon (on a gross basis). This Tax Security is creditable against the final tax liability as declared 
in a Czech tax return for the relevant tax year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally refundable). 
The yield in the form of the Discount paid to the Legal Entity is not subject to the Withholding tax. Instead, it is 
included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 21 per cent. However, the 
general tax base does not include the amount of the Discount, but rather the (positive) difference between the 
nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bond paid by the Issuer (or the amount paid by the Issuer upon early 
redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bond, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium) and the price at 
which the Legal Entity acquired the Mortgage Covered Bond. However, if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are not 
attributable to Legal Entity’s Permanent Establishment, the taxable amount cannot exceed the Discount (i.e. if 
such difference is higher, the amount of the Discount will be included in the general tax base). Furthermore, if 
the Legal Entity is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state, the Issuer will withhold the Tax Security at 
the rate of 1 per cent. applicable to gross amount (i.e. the nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bond at 
maturity or the amount paid by the Issuer upon an early redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bond, but excluding 
the Early Redemption Premium). This Tax Security is creditable against the final tax liability as declared in the 
Czech tax return for the relevant tax year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally refundable). If (i) a 
Legal Entity holds the Mortgage Covered Bond, which is the Coupon Mortgage Covered Bond, until its maturity 
(or its early redemption), (ii) this Legal Entity acquired such Mortgage Covered Bond on a secondary market for 
an amount below the nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bond (or below the amount paid by the Issuer 
upon early redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bond, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium) and 
(iii) such Mortgage Covered Bond is attributable to that Legal Entity’s Czech Permanent Establishment, such 
(positive) difference is also included in its general tax base. 
A Legal Entity which is an accounting unit and where the Mortgage Covered Bonds are attributable to its Czech 
Permanent Establishment, is generally required to recognise the yield (whether in the form of the Discount or 
the Coupon) in its profit and loss statement on an accrual basis. 
Capital gains/losses 
Czech Tax Residents 
(a) Individuals

--- Page 427 ---
- 427 - 
 
 
 
Capital gains from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds that have not formed part of business assets of an 
individual are generally exempt from personal income tax if: 
• 
total annual (worldwide) gross income (i.e. not gains) of that individual from the sale of securities 
(including the Mortgage Covered Bonds) does not exceed the amount of CZK 100,000, or 
• 
such gains are derived from the sales of the Mortgage Covered Bonds which the individual has held for 
more than three years prior to their sale (however, income from a future sale of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds where a purchase agreement is concluded after 3 years but where income arises within 3 years 
from their acquisition is not tax-exempt); as of 2025 this exemption is limited only up to total annual 
(worldwide) gross income (i.e. not gains) of that individual from the sale of securities (including the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the shares in companies in the amount of CZK 40,000,000. 
If the Mortgage Covered Bonds formed part of business assets of an individual, the exemption upon their sale 
may still apply but only if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are sold no earlier than 3 years after the termination of 
that individual’s business activities. 
Taxable gains from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised by an individual are included in the general 
tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15 per cent. and 23 per cent. depending 
on individual’s applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 36 times the average wage amounting to 
CZK 1,582,812 in 2024). If an individual has held the Mortgage Covered Bonds in connection with his/her 
business activities, such gains are also subject to social security and health insurance contributions. Losses from 
the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised by an individual are generally tax non-deductible, except where 
such losses are compensated by taxable gains on the sales of other securities in the same year and the income 
from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is not tax-exempt. 
(b) Legal Entities 
Capital gains from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are included in the general tax base, which is subject 
to corporate income tax at a rate of 21 per cent. Losses from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised 
by Legal Entities are generally tax deductible. 
Czech Tax Non-residents 
Capital gains from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised by a Czech Tax Non-Resident are subject 
to taxation in the Czech Republic provided that: 
• 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds are attributable to a Czech Permanent Establishment of the Czech Tax 
Non-Resident selling these Mortgage Covered Bonds, or 
• 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds are acquired by (i) a Czech Tax Resident or (ii) a Czech Tax Non-Resident 
acquiring the Mortgage Covered Bonds through his/her/its Czech Permanent Establishment. 
Therefore, capital gains realised by a Czech Tax Non-Resident where the Mortgage Covered Bonds are sold to 
another Czech Tax Non-Resident and where such Mortgage Covered Bonds are attributable to neither (i) a Czech 
Permanent Establishment of the seller nor (ii) a Czech Permanent Establishment of the buyer, are out of scope 
of Czech taxation. 
(a) Individuals

--- Page 428 ---
- 428 - 
 
 
 
Capital gains from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds that have not formed part of business assets of an 
individual are generally exempt from personal income tax if: 
• 
total annual (worldwide) gross income (i.e. not gains) of that individual from the sale of securities 
(including the Mortgage Covered Bonds) does not exceed the amount of CZK 100,000, or 
• 
such gains are derived from the sales of the Mortgage Covered Bonds which the individual has held for 
more than three years prior to their sale (however, income from a future sale of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds where a purchase agreement is concluded after 3 years but where income arises within 3 years 
from their acquisition is not tax-exempt); as of 2025 this exemption is limited only up to total annual 
(worldwide) gross income (i.e. not gains) of that individual from the sale of securities (including the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the shares in companies in the amount of CZK 40,000,000. 
If the Mortgage Covered Bonds formed part of business assets of an individual, the exemption upon their sale 
may still apply but only if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are sold no earlier than 3 years after the termination of 
that individual’s business activities. 
Taxable gains (as defined above) from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised by an individual are 
included in the general tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15 per cent. and 
23 per cent. depending on individual’s applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 36 times the average 
wage amounting to CZK 1,582,812 in 2024). If an individual has held the Mortgage Covered Bonds in connection 
with his/her business activities, such gains may also be subject to social security and health insurance 
contributions. Losses from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised by an individual are generally tax 
non-deductible, except where such losses are compensated by taxable gains on the sales of other securities in the 
same year and the income from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is not tax-exempt. 
Furthermore, if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are sold by an individual who is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA 
member state, a buyer acting as a Withholding Agent may be required to withhold a Tax Security amounting to 
1 per cent. of the gross purchase price. The buyer will be act as a Withholding Agent if he/she/it is: 
• 
a Czech Tax Resident, or 
• 
a Czech Tax Non-Resident and the acquired Mortgage Covered Bonds are attributable to his/her/its 
Czech Permanent Establishment. 
Any Tax Security withheld is creditable against the final tax liability as declared by the Czech Tax Non-Resident 
selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds in a Czech tax return for the relevant tax year (any Tax Security 
overwithholding is generally refundable). 
(b) Legal Entities 
Capital gains from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, which are subject to Czech taxation (as defined 
above), are included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 21 per cent. 
Losses from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised by the Legal Entities are generally tax deductible. 
However, according to certain interpretations, such losses are not tax deductible for a Czech Tax Non-Resident 
who does not keep its accounting books under the Czech accounting rules. 
Furthermore, if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are sold by a Legal Entity which is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA 
member state, a buyer acting as the Withholding Agent may be required to withhold a Tax Security amounting 
to 1 per cent. of the gross purchase price. The buyer will be acting as a Withholding agent if he/she/it is: 
• 
a Czech Tax Resident, or

--- Page 429 ---
- 429 - 
 
 
 
• 
a Czech Tax Non-Resident and the acquired Mortgage Covered Bonds are attributable to his/her/its 
Czech Permanent Establishment. 
Any Tax Security withheld is creditable against the final tax liability as declared by the Czech Tax Non-resident 
selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds in a Czech tax return for the relevant tax year (any Tax Security 
overwithholding is generally refundable). 
Benefits under Tax Treaties 
A Tax Treaty may reduce or even fully eliminate Czech taxation of interest income from the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds or capital gains from their sale (including a Tax Security withholding, if applicable). Such Tax Treaty 
relief is usually applicable on the condition that the income recipient who is a Czech Tax Non-Resident does not 
hold the Mortgage Covered Bonds through his/her/its Czech Permanent Establishment. Furthermore, the 
entitlement to particular Tax Treaty benefits is generally conditional on presenting documents proving that the 
income recipient qualifies for the Tax Treaty benefits including, in particular (i) a tax residency certificate issued 
by the relevant tax authorities and (ii) a beneficial ownership declaration of the income recipient. Entitlement to 
particular Tax Treaty benefits may also be conditional on meeting further specific criteria under that Tax Treaty. 
Reporting Obligation 
An individual holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds (whether a Czech Tax Resident or a Czech Tax Non-
Resident) is obliged to report to the Czech tax authorities any income earned in connection with the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds if such income is exempt from taxation in the Czech Republic and exceeds, in each individual 
case, CZK 5,000,000. The reporting must be fulfilled within the deadline for filing a personal income tax return. 
A non-compliance with this reporting obligation is penalized by a sanction of up to 15 per cent. of a gross amount 
of the unreported income. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Czech value added tax payable in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, or in respect of the transfer of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Other taxes or duties 
No registration tax, capital tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty 
is payable in the Czech Republic by either the Czech Tax Resident or the Czech Tax Non-resident in 
respect of or in connection with the mere purchase, holding or disposition of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 430 ---
- 430 - 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in the Dealer Agreement, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may 
from time to time agree to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds. Any such further agreement will, inter alia, make 
provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds, the price at which such Mortgage 
Covered Bonds will be subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductions (if any) payable 
by the Issuer in respect of such purchases. 
In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds under 
the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Mortgage Covered Bonds or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Mortgage Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the 
Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Mortgage Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
United States 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable 
Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules (including any successor regulations or 
rules in substantially the same form as the TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules, as applicable, for the purposes of 
Section 4701 of the Code) apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Mortgage Covered Bonds (a) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by 
the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead 
manager, of all Mortgage Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Mortgage Covered Bonds are a part, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Mortgage Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Mortgage Covered Bonds within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds, an offer or sale 
of such Mortgage Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 431 ---
- 431 - 
 
 
 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may, make an offer of such Mortgage Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Mortgage Covered Bonds specify that an offer of those Mortgage Covered 
Bonds may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a 
Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a base prospectus in relation to such Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that 
any such base prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt 
Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such base prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a base prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds to the public in relation 
to any Mortgage Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Mortgage Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the expression Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Mortgage Covered Bonds specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each  Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Mortgage Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (United Kingdom or UK) 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Mortgage Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Mortgage Covered Bonds which are the subject of the

--- Page 432 ---
- 432 - 
 
 
 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of EUWA; or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Mortgage Covered 
Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Mortgage Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell any Mortgage Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act 
No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of 
Japan.

--- Page 433 ---
- 433 - 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 2 April 2024. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus, Listing and Admission to Trading of Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Mortgage Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and MiFIR respectively. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unlisted or to be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on another 
stock exchange or market may be issued under this Programme but only, in the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds 
listed or admitted to trading on another stock exchange or market, if the Issuer ensures that all laws and 
regulations are complied with including, amongst others, any applicable requirements for notifications of 
competent authorities and other requirements set out in the Prospectus Regulation. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds are to be listed and 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and markets.  
Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each Mortgage Covered Bond will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Mortgage Covered Bond will be EUR 100,000 or, where it is a Mortgage Covered Bond to be admitted to trading 
only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access, EUR 1,000 (or, if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office 
of the Paying Agent for the time being in London and, in the case of documents listed under (a), (b) and (e) also 
on the Issuer´s website www.rb.cz, where they will remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 
years after their publication on the relevant websites:  
(a) 
the Founding Deed and Articles of Association of the Issuer (with an English translation thereof); 
(b) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 (drawn up in English or with an English translation thereof), 
in each case together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer currently 
prepares audited consolidated and non-consolidated accounts on an annual basis; 
(c) 
the Dealer Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(d) 
the Sustainability Bond Framework and the SPO on the Sustainability Bond Framework; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(f) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.

--- Page 434 ---
- 434 - 
 
 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN 
for each Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg. 
Notification to the Czech National Bank 
Pursuant to Section 8a of the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act, the issuance of each Series and/or Tranche 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds must be notified to the Czech National Bank no later than on the date of issue 
of the relevant Covered Bonds setting out the place of issue and amount of relevant Series or Tranche and the 
form (in Czech, forma), yield and maturity of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance since 31 December 2023 or the financial 
position of the Issuer or the Raiffeisen Group since 31 December 2023 and there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Raiffeisen Group is or has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have had in such a 
period a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Raiffeisen Group. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any contracts (excluding contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) 
which are, or may be, material or which contain a provision under which the Issuer or another member of the 
Raiffeisen Group has an obligation or entitlement which is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations 
to security holders in respect of securities to be issued under the Programme. 
Auditor 
The auditor of the Issuer, who has audited the Issuer's consolidated financial statements as of and for each of the 
two financial years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, is Deloitte Audit, s.r.o. (the Auditor), 
member of the Chamber of Auditors of the Czech Republic, registration number 079. 
The statutory auditor responsible for the audit of the Issuer's consolidated financial statements as of and for the 
financial years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 is Mr. David Batal, registration number 
2147. 
The Issuer states that neither the Auditor nor any of its members have any significant interest in the Issuer. In 
connection with this statement, the Issuer especially took into account the Auditor's potential ownership of 
securities issued by the Issuer, the Auditor's potential prior participation in any governing bodies of the Issuer, 
and/or the Auditor's potential affiliation with other entities involved in the Issue. The reports of the auditor of 
the Issuer are included or incorporated in this Base Prospectus with the consent of the auditor who has authorised 
the contents of that part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 435 ---
- 435 - 
 
 
 
Post-issuance information 
In accordance with the Sustainability Bond Framework, the Issuer will annually make available the Allocation 
and Impact Report on the use of proceeds from any Green Mortgage Covered Bonds, Social Mortgage Covered 
Bonds or Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bonds outstanding under the Sustainability Bond Framework. 
Reporting will be provided on an annual basis until full allocation and thereafter until the maturity of the Green 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, Social Mortgage Covered Bonds or Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Allocation and Impact Report is expected to disclose the amount of the Green Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
Social Mortgage Covered Bonds or Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bonds proceeds outstanding, the total 
amount of the proceeds allocated to eligible loans and the unallocated amount. It shall also disclose, qualitative 
and where possible, quantitative indicators of the eligible green, social and sustainable loan portfolio, such as: 
(a) 
total volume of Green Mortgage Covered Bonds, Social Mortgage Covered Bonds or Sustainability 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued; 
(b) 
total amount and number of eligible loans; 
(c) 
total amount of proceeds allocated to eligible loans;  
(d) 
breakdown by eligible categories; and 
(e) 
balance of unallocated proceeds, if any. 
The Allocation and Impact Report will be made available on the website of the Issuer www.rb.cz.

--- Page 436 ---
- 436 - 
 
 
 
INDEX 
$ 
9 
’CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan 
312 
€ 
9 
€STR® 
42, 115, 207, 246 
€STR®i-pTBD 
116, 247 
2021 ITA Amendment 
423 
2022 Banking Act Amendment 
423 
Accessory Asset 
344 
Accessory Assets Records 
348 
Accessory Debts 
347 
Accessory Debts Records 
348 
Adjusted Value 
228, 286, 310 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
197, 241, 299 
Alternative Performance Measures 
5 
Alternative Reference Rates 
43 
Amortisation Yield 
303 
Angepasster Wert 
96, 157, 183 
APRC 
415 
ARRC 
43 
Asset Monitor 
11, 229, 287, 311 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
229, 287, 311, 363 
Asset Monitor Report 
363 
Asset separation tool 
354 
AT 1 
407 
Auditor 
434 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag 100, 161, 186 
Ausgabetag 
65, 99, 110, 160, 171, 186 
Austauschtag 
65, 110, 171 
Authorised Signatory 
229, 287, 311 
AVM 
419 
Bail-in tool 
354 
Bank Rate 
248 
Bank Working Day 
222, 280, 304 
Bankarbeitstag 90, 91, 128, 151, 153, 176, 178 
Banking Day 
224, 256, 281, 306 
Banking Package 
32 
Bargeld 
98, 159, 184 
Base Prospectus 
1, 325 
Basel Committee 
33 
Basel II 
33 
Basel III 
33 
BCBS 
407 
BCM 
386 
BCPs 
386 
Bearer Mortgage Covered Bonds 
1 
Bedingungen 
442, 443 
Beliehene Immobilie 
100, 161, 186 
Benchmark 
42 
Benchmarks 
42 
Benchmarks Regulation 
7, 212, 341 
Beneficial Owner 
227, 284, 309, 423 
Beneficial Ownership 
285 
Beneficial Ownership Information 227, 309, 421 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
114, 115, 116 
Berechnungsstelle 
92, 127, 153, 179 
Berechnungszeitraum68, 128, 129, 130, 131, 172 
Bescheinigungen 
über 
Nicht-U.S.-
Eigentum 
65, 110, 171 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit 
127 
BGB 
226, 284 
Bildschirmseite 
122, 124 
Bridge institution tool 
354 
BRRD 
33 
BRRD I 
33 
BRRD II 
34 
Brussels I Recast 
359 
Business Day 
311 
Business Day 
229, 287 
Calculation Agent 
225, 255, 282, 306 
Calculation Period200, 217, 218, 219, 220, 256, 
257, 258, 259, 260, 300 
Call Date 
221, 278, 302 
Call Dates 
44 
Call-Option 
44 
Capital Adequacy Directives 
33 
Cash 
229, 287, 311, 344 
CBA 
26 
CBF 
11 
CEE 
22 
Certification Procedures 
227, 285, 309, 421 
CFBF 
7 
CIO 
395 
Civil Procedure Code 
38 
Clearing System 
198, 241, 299 
Clearingsystem 
65, 110, 171 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
11, 198, 241, 299 
Clearstream, Luxemburg 
65, 110, 171 
CMDI 
32 
CMS 
42, 244 
CNB 
98, 159, 184, 230, 287, 311 
CNB Act 
406 
CNB Decree 
230, 287, 311, 342 
CNB-Verordnung 
98, 159, 184 
Code 
95, 156, 181, 227, 284, 309, 414, 430 
Commencement 
of 
Insolvency 
Proceedings 
39, 355 
Common Representative 
240, 297, 321 
Common Safekeeper 66, 111, 172, 198, 242, 300 
Compounded Daily €STR® 
116, 246 
Compounded Daily SOFR® 
115, 245 
Compounded Daily SONIA® 
114, 245 
Conditions 
63, 323 
Connected Persons 
352 
Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover 
Pool Balance 
230, 287, 312, 362 
Contractual Asset Cover Test 233, 291, 315, 362 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria233, 291, 315, 
361 
COO 
395 
Coupon 
423 
Coupon Mortgage Covered Bond 
423 
Cover Asset 
343 
Cover Assets 
230, 287, 312

--- Page 437 ---
- 437 - 
Cover Assets Register 
230, 287, 312, 343 
Cover Pool 
230, 287, 312, 343 
Cover Pool Liquidation 
358 
Covered Block 
347 
Covered Block Administrator 
50, 356 
Covered Block Records 
348 
Covered Bonds Debts 
347 
COVID-19 
20 
CRA Regulation 
1, 341 
CRD 
32 
CRD IV 
34 
CRD V 
34 
CRO 
397 
CRR 
230, 287, 312 
CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan 
230, 287 
CRR I 
34 
CRR II 
34 
CRR Mortgage Loans 
230, 287, 312, 342 
CRR PSB’s Receivables 
288, 312 
CRR PSB-Forderungen 
98, 159, 185 
CRR PSB's Receivables 
230, 344 
CRR Residential Mortgage Loan 230, 288, 312 
CRR-Gewerbliches-Hypothekendarlehen 
98, 
159, 185 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen 
98, 159, 185 
CRR-Wohnhypothekendarlehen 
98, 159, 185 
CSSF 
1 
Currency Exchange Rates 
49 
Custodian 
239, 297, 321 
Czech Auditors Act 
398, 406 
Czech Bank 
351 
Czech Banking Act 
230, 288, 312, 342, 374 
Czech Bonds Act 
1, 230, 288, 312 
Czech Bonds Act Measure 
352 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans230, 288, 312, 
342 
Czech Bonds Act PSB’s Receivables 
288, 312 
Czech Bonds Act PSB's Receivables 
230 
Czech Capital Markets Act 
230, 288, 312, 375 
Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act 
230, 
288, 312 
Czech Consumer Credit Act 
406 
Czech Corporations Act 
375 
Czech Financial Conglomerates Act 
406 
Czech Insolvency Act 
230, 288, 312, 342 
Czech Koruna 
9 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds14, 230, 288, 
312 
Czech Permanent Establishment 
423 
Czech Private International Law Act 
48 
Czech Property Valuation Act 
231, 288, 312 
Czech Public Auctions Act 
413 
Czech Real Estate Register 
231, 288, 312 
Czech Recovery and Resolution Act 
406 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act 
33 
Czech Tax Non-Resident 
227, 285, 309, 423 
Czech Tax Resident 
227, 285, 309, 423 
CZK 
9 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
65, 110, 171 
Day Count Fraction 
200, 256, 300 
Dealer 
1, 99, 160, 186, 231, 288, 313 
Dealer Agreement 1, 99, 160, 186, 231, 288, 313 
Dealers 
1, 231, 288, 313 
Debts 
231, 288, 313 
Debts Records 
348 
Deckungsaktiva 
98, 159, 184 
Deckungsmasse 
98, 159, 185 
Deckungsregister 
98, 159, 184 
Declaration of Bankruptcy 
39, 355 
Declaration of Insolvency 
39, 355 
Default 
231, 288, 313 
Defaulted Loan 
231, 313 
Delegated Prospectus Regulation 
10 
Deposit Insurance Fund 
411 
Depotstelle 
109, 170, 195 
Derivate 
99, 160, 186 
Derivative 
344 
Derivatives 
231, 288, 313 
Designated Maturity 
255 
Determination 
227, 284 
Discontinuation Event 212, 213, 215, 251, 253 
Discount 
423 
Discounted Mortgage Covered Bond 
423 
distributor 
7, 8, 323 
DOJ 
376 
DRPs 
386 
DSTI 
26, 415 
DTI 
26, 415 
Early Redemption Amount 
301 
Early Redemption Premium 
424 
EBA 
32 
EBRD 
378 
ECB 
24, 42 
EEA 
1, 323 
EGAP 
378 
EIB 
378 
Eingetragener Nennwert 
100, 161, 187 
Einkommenstseuergesetz 
95, 156, 182 
Einlagenzinssatz 
118 
Einstellungsereignis 
122, 125 
Eligible Assets 
344 
Eligible Entity 
356 
Eligible Projects 
50 
Emergency Intervention Regulation 
31 
Emissionsrendite 
175 
Emittentin 
65, 110, 171 
EMMI 
7 
Endgültigen Bedingungen 
442 
Enforcement Code 
343 
Entitlement Date 
49, 282, 306 
Equa bank 
382 
Equa Bank Legacy Cover Pool 
14 
Equa Bank Legacy Covered Bond 
Programme 
15 
Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor 
90, 151, 177 
Ersatz-Wechselkurs 
90, 151, 177 
Erste Person 
101 
Ersten Person 
162 
Erster Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag 160, 186 
Erster Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag 
99 
ESG 
6, 366 
ESG ratings 
6 
ESMA 
2, 341 
EU 
20

--- Page 438 ---
- 438 - 
EU Banking Reform 
408 
EU Green Bond Regulation 
6 
EU Taxonomy Regulation 
6 
EUR 
9, 326 
Euribor 
42 
euro 
9 
Euroclear 
11, 66, 110, 171, 198, 241, 299 
European Mortgage Code Agreement 
414 
Euro-Zone 
122, 127, 251, 255 
EU-Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie 
442 
EUWA 
8 
Event of Default 
235, 293, 317 
EWR 
442 
Exchange Date 
197, 241, 299 
Extendable Maturity Structures 
350 
Extended Maturity Date 
47, 203, 261 
Fälligkeitstag 
71, 132, 173 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
65, 110, 171 
Festgelegte Währung 
65, 110, 171 
Festzinszeitraum 
112 
FIEA 
432 
Final Terms 
1, 323 
First Asset Monitor Calculation Date231, 
288, 
313 
First Person 
187, 232, 290, 314 
Fixed Interest Term 
243 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
41 
Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds 
41 
Fixing Sponsor 89, 90, 150, 176, 222, 279, 304 
Floating Interest Term 
243 
Floating Rate 
255 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
42 
Floating Rate Option 
255 
FOMC Target Rate 
119, 249 
FSMA 
8 
FWR 
379 
GDPR 
35 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
109, 170, 195 
General Insolvency Estate 
355 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
65, 110, 171 
Geschäftstag 
98, 159, 184 
Gesetzliche Auswahlkriterien 
101, 162, 187 
Gesetzliche Tests 
101, 162, 187 
Global Note 
197, 241, 299 
Global Notes 
197, 299 
Global Notes 
241 
Globalurkunde 
65, 110, 171 
Globalurkunde 
110 
Globalurkunden 
65, 110, 171 
Green Bonds 
6 
Hauptzahlstelle 
92, 153, 179 
Hedging Arrangement 
56 
Hedging Arrangements 
56 
Hedging Counterparty 
56 
Hypothekendarlehen 
100, 161, 186 
Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz98, 159, 
185 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen65, 110, 171, 
442 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
65, 110, 171 
Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger 
65, 110, 171 
IBA 
7 
ICSD 
11, 66, 110, 171, 198, 241, 299 
ICSDs 
66, 110, 171, 198, 241, 299 
ICT 
28 
IFC 
378 
IFRS 
5 
Income Taxes Act 
227, 285, 309, 423 
Informationen über das wirtschaftliche 
Eigentum 
95, 156, 181 
ING 
383 
Insolvency Administrator 
356 
Insurance Distribution Directive 
7, 323 
Interest Amount 
200, 256 
Interest Commencement Date 
199, 242 
Interest Determination Date 
251, 253 
Interest Payment Date 
199, 243 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
199 
Interest Period 
199, 244 
Interest Rate 
199, 244, 255 
International Cover Pool 
14 
Invasion of Ukraine 
21 
IRB 
408 
ISDA Definitions 
12, 250 
ISDA Rate 
255 
ISDA-Definitionen 
120 
ISDA-Satz 
126 
ISS 
366 
Issue Date 
197, 231, 241, 289, 299, 313 
Issuer 
1, 197, 241, 299 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement231, 289, 
313 
Juristische Person 
95, 156, 182 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) 98, 159, 185 
Kapitalmäßig verbundene Person 
95, 156, 182 
Kassakurs 
89, 90, 150, 176 
Kündigungsgrund 
104, 165, 191 
Kündigungstermin 
88, 149, 174 
Kursberechnungstag 
90, 151, 176 
LCR 
34 
Legal Entity 
227, 285, 309, 424 
Liquid Asset 
345 
Liquid Assets 
231, 289, 313 
Liquidation of Selected Assets 
358 
Liquidity Buffer 
345 
listed 
1 
LNG 
22 
Local Cover Pool 
14 
LTV 
26, 418 
LTV Ratio 
231, 289, 313 
LTV-Quote 
100, 161, 186 
Luxembourg Law 
1 
Marge 
113, 126 
Margin 
244, 255 
Market Disruption 
222, 280, 304 
market interest rate 
41 
Marktstörung 
90, 151, 176 
maßgebliche Zeitpunkt 
123, 125 
Maßgeblicher Wechselkurs 
100, 161, 187 
Maturity Date 
203, 260, 301 
Maturity Extension 
261 
Maturity Extension Triggers 
350 
Measure 
352

--- Page 439 ---
- 439 - 
MiFID II 
1, 323, 442 
MiFID II Product Governance 
7 
MiFID Product Governance Rules 
7 
Monatliches Datum 
100, 161, 186 
Monthly Date 
231, 289, 313 
Moody's 
1 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders12, 197, 241, 
299 
Mortgage Covered Bonds 1, 197, 241, 299, 325 
Mortgage Loans 
231, 289, 313, 342 
Mortgage Loans Ratio 
362 
Mortgaged Property 
231, 289, 313, 346 
Mortgaged Property Value 
231, 289, 313, 347 
MREL 
32 
Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite 
123, 125 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
122, 125 
Nennwert 
100, 161, 186 
Nominal Value 
231, 289, 313 
Non-exempt Offer 
431 
Non-Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident
 
424 
Non-U.S. 
Beneficial 
Ownership 
Certificates 
197, 241, 299 
Notleidendes Darlehen 
99, 160, 186 
NSFR 
34 
OBFR 
119, 249 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
249 
OBFR Index Cessation Event 
250 
OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis 
120 
OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag 
120 
Observation Period 
245, 246, 247 
OECD 
95, 156, 182, 227, 285, 309 
OFAC 
376 
offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds to the 
public 
431 
Option 
63 
Optional Redemption Amount 
221, 279, 303 
Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag 
89, 150, 175 
Options 
63 
Over-indebted Covered Block 
357 
Pari Passu Haircut 
50, 357 
Paying Agents 
225, 282, 306 
Payment Date 
223, 281, 305 
Permanent Global Note 
197, 241, 299 
Permission for Covered Block234, 292, 316, 348 
Person Related Through Capital 
285, 309, 424 
Potential Event of Default 
232, 289, 313 
Potentieller Kündigungsgrund 
187 
Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund 
100, 161 
Preliminary Injunction 
356 
Pribor 
42 
PRIIPs Regulation 
7, 323 
PRIIPS-Verordnung 
442 
Principal Paying Agent 
225, 282, 306 
Programm 
100, 161, 187 
Programme 
1, 232, 289, 313 
Property Valuation Act 
347 
Prospectus Regulation 
1, 325 
Provision of General Nature 
416 
Prudential Rules Decree 
407 
PSB’s Receivables and Exposures 
232, 289 
PSB-Forderungen gemäß SchVG-cz99, 160, 185 
PSB-Forderungen und -Risikopositionen 
100, 
161, 187 
PSB's Receivables and Exposures 
314, 344 
PSD2 
23 
PSD3 
23 
PSR 
23 
Public Undertaking 
344 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident 
424 
Quellensteuer 
96, 157, 182 
Quick Refund Procedure 
422 
Raiffeisen Group 
374 
Raiffeisen-Leasing 
375 
Rate Calculation Date 
222, 280, 304 
Rating Agency 
1, 232, 289, 314 
Ratingagentur 
100, 161, 187 
RBI 
23 
RBI Group 
30 
RDI 
375 
Recipients 
364 
Recommendation 11/2023 
416 
Redemption Amount 
203, 301 
Reference Banks 
251, 253 
Reference Price 
303 
Reference Rate 
244 
Reference Rate Time 
253 
Referenzbanken 
122, 124 
Referenzpreis 
175 
Referenzsatz 
113 
Referenzsatzzeit 
124 
Registered Nominal Value 
232, 289, 314 
Relevant Date 213, 215, 228, 252, 254, 285, 309 
relevant Dealer 
1 
Relevant Exchange Rate 
232, 289, 314 
Relevant Member State 
5 
Relevantes Datum 
95, 157, 182 
Relief at Source Procedure 
424 
Replacement Exchange Rate 
223, 280, 305 
Replacement Fixing Sponsor 
223, 280, 304 
Reset Date 
255 
Reset-Datum 
127 
RFI 
376 
RIS 
375 
RSTS 
375 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
71, 132, 173 
Russian Subsidiaries 
376 
Sale of business tool 
354 
Schulden 
99, 160, 186 
SchVG 
107, 168, 194, 238, 320 
Screen Page 
251, 253 
Second Person 
187, 232, 290, 314 
Securities Act 
2 
Serie 
65, 110, 171 
Series 
197, 241, 299 
Settlement Rate 
222, 279, 304 
SFDR 
6 
Shortcomings 
351 
Significant Obligations 
236, 318 
Social Bonds 
6 
SOFR® 
42, 114, 206, 245 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date 
250 
SOFR® Index Cessation Event 
250 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis 
120

--- Page 440 ---
- 440 - 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag 
120 
SOFR®i-pUSBD 
115, 246 
Sonderaufseher 
97, 158, 184 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag 
97, 158, 184 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag 
97, 158, 184 
SONIA® 
42, 114, 205, 244 
SONIA®i-pLBD 
114, 245 
Specified Currency 
197, 241, 299 
Specified Denomination 
197, 241, 299 
SPO 
6, 366 
Spot Rate 
222, 279, 304 
SREP 
32 
SRM Regulation 
32 
Staatliche Subvention 
101, 162, 187 
Standard Refund Procedure 
422 
State Subsidy 
232, 314 
Statutory 100% Individual LTV Test 
346 
Statutory 85% Test 
346 
Statutory Cover Tests 
346 
Statutory Eligibility Criteria 232, 290, 314, 361 
Statutory Exemption 
416 
Statutory Minimum OC Level Test 
346 
Statutory Tests 
232, 290, 314, 362 
Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds 
41 
Step-up Mortgage Covered Bonds 
41 
Step-up/Step-down Mortgage Covered 
Bonds 
41 
Steuerabkommen 
96, 157, 182 
Steuererleichterung 
96, 157, 182 
Steuerjurisdiktion 
96, 157, 182 
Steuern 
93, 154, 179 
Steuersicherheit 
96, 157, 182 
Subsidiary 
232, 290, 314 
Successor Reference Rate212, 213, 215, 251, 
252, 253, 254 
Supervisory Board 
352 
Sustainability Bond Framework 
366 
Sustainability Bonds 
6 
T244, 91, 122, 124, 178, 224, 251, 253, 281, 306 
TARGET 
153 
TARGET Bankarbeitstag 
106, 124, 167, 193 
TARGET Banking Day 
237 
TARGET Day 
44 
TARGET2 Banking Day 
251, 253, 319 
TARGET-Bankarbeitstag 
121 
Tax Jurisdiction 
228, 285, 310 
Tax Relief 
44, 228, 285, 310, 421 
Tax Security 
228, 285, 310, 424 
Tax Treaty 
228, 285, 310, 424 
Taxes 
225, 283, 307 
Temporary Global Note 
197, 241, 299 
Terms and Conditions 
63, 197, 241, 299, 323 
Tier 1 
407 
Tier 2 
407 
Tochterunternehmen 
101, 162, 187 
Transaction Documents 
232, 290, 314 
Transaktionsdokument 
162, 187 
Transaktionsdokumente 
101 
Transfer of the Covered Block 
358 
Triggers for the Appointment of the 
Covered Block Administrator 
356 
Tschechische Hypothekenpfandbriefe99, 
160, 
185 
Tschechische Insolvenzordnung 
99, 160, 185 
Tschechischer Steueransässiger 94, 95, 156, 182 
Tschechischer Steuerausländer 
95, 156, 182 
Tschechisches Bankengesetz 
98, 159, 185 
Tschechisches 
Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz 
99, 160, 185 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktgesetz 99, 160, 185 
Tschechisches Liegenschaftskataster99, 
160, 
185 
Tschechisches 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
98, 159, 185 
Tschechisches 
Vermögensbewertungsgesetz 
99, 160, 185 
U.S. $ 
9 
U.S. dollars 
9 
U.S. Government Securities Banking Day
 
249 
U.S. persons 
197, 241, 299 
U.S. Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag 
119 
U.S.-Personen 
65, 110, 171 
UK 
5, 8 
UK MiFIR Product Governance 
8 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
8 
UK PRIIPs Regulation 
8 
UK Prospectus Regulation 
8 
UNIQA 
377 
Valuation Guidelines 
347 
VaR 
29 
Variable Zinssatz-Option 
127 
Variable Zinszeitraum 
112 
Variabler Zinssatz 
127 
Verlängerter Fälligkeit 
71 
Verlängerter Fälligkeitstag 
132 
Vertragliche Auswahlkriterien 
102, 163, 189 
Vertraglicher 
bereinigter 
Saldo 
der 
Deckungsmasse 
98, 159, 184 
Vertraglicher Deckungstest 
102, 163, 188 
Vertriebsunternehmen 
442 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
66, 111 
Verzug 
99, 160, 186 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
65, 110, 171 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag 
173 
Wechselkurs 
89, 150, 176 
Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie 
100, 161, 186 
Wesentliche Verpflichtungen 
105, 166, 191 
Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer 
95, 156, 181 
Withholding Agent 
424 
Withholding Tax 
228, 285, 310, 424 
Zahlstellen 
92, 153, 179 
Zahltag 
91, 152, 177 
Zeichnungsberechtigter 
97, 159, 184 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds 
47 
Zertifizierungsverfahren 
95, 156, 182 
Zinsbetrag 
67, 127 
Zinsfeststellungstag 
121, 124 
Zinsperiode 
67, 113 
Zinssatz 
67, 113, 126 
Zinstagequotient 
68, 128, 172 
Zinszahltag 
67, 112 
Zinszahltag(e) 
67

--- Page 441 ---
- 441 - 
Zweite Person 
101, 162

--- Page 442 ---
- 442 - 
APPENDIX I - FORM OF FINAL TERMS (GERMAN TRANSLATION) 
This appendix contains the German translation of the Form of Final Terms set out in Chapter IV of 
the Base Prospectus. The Final Terms will be published in English language only whereas German 
translation of the Final Terms as set out in this Appendix I may be prepared for reference. 
ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN – MUSTER 
Die in den nachfolgenden endgültigen Bedingungen (Endgültigen Bedingungen) verwendeten Begriffe 
haben die gleiche Bedeutung wie in den Emissionsbedingungen für die Hypothekenpfandbriefe gemäß 
Basisprospekt 
(sowie 
den 
dazugehörigen 
Nachträgen, 
soweit 
vorhanden) 
(Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen). 
[VERTRIEBSVERBOT AN PRIVATINVESTOREN IM EWR UND IM VEREINIGTEN 
KÖNIGREICH – Die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind nicht dazu bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) oder im Vereinigten Königreich angeboten, verkauft oder auf 
anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Hypothekenpfandbriefe sollen dementsprechend 
Privatinvestoren im EWR oder im Vereinigten Königreich nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem 
Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die 
mindestens einer der folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 
Absatz 1 Nummer 11 von Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils ergänzten Fassung, MiFID II); oder (ii) 
ein Kunde im Sinne von Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils ergänzten Fassung, EU-
Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie), der nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 
Nummer 10 MiFID II einzustufen ist. Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach Verordnung 
(EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils ergänzten Fassung, PRIIPS-Verordnung) für Angebot, Vertrieb oder 
sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe an Privatinvestoren im EWR oder im 
Vereinigten Königreich erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder 
die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe an Privatinvestoren im EWR oder im 
Vereinigten Königreich nach der PRIIPS-Verordnung unzulässig sein.] 
[MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / [ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf 
die Hypothekenpfandbriefe hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens 
[des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
geeignete Gegenparteien[,] [und] professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in 
der jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II), umfasst; [und] (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe 
ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede 
Person, 
die 
in 
der 
Folge 
die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
anbietet, 
verkauft 
oder 
empfiehlt 
(Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; 
ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Hypothekenpfandbriefe durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im 
Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit], zu bestimmen.][Weitere Einzelheiten bezüglich Zielmarkt, 
Kundenkategorien etc. einfügen.] 
Die Endgültigen Bedingungen sind gegliedert in einen "Teil I" sowie in einen "Teil II".  
In Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen werden die Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen durch die in Teil I 
enthaltenen Angaben wie folgt vervollständigt und spezifiziert:  
(a) 
Im Fall von "Typ A" Endgültigen Bedingungen gilt:  
Die vervollständigten und spezifizierten Bestimmungen der jeweiligen Option I, II oder III der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen stellen für die betreffende Serie der Hypothekenpfandbriefe die 
Bedingungen dar (Bedingungen).

--- Page 443 ---
- 443 - 
(b) 
Im Fall von "Typ B" Endgültigen Bedingungen gilt:  
Die vervollständigten und spezifizierten Bestimmungen der jeweiligen Option I, II oder III der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen, die im Zusammenhang mit Teil I dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
lesen sind, stellen für die betreffende Serie der Hypothekenpfandbriefe die Bedingungen dar 
(Bedingungen).  
Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem jeweiligen Satz der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen zu lesen, der auf Festverzinsliche Hypothekenpfandbriefe, Variabel 
Verzinsliche Hypothekenpfandbriefe und Nullkupon-Hypothekenpfandbriefe Anwendung findet und im 
Basisprospekt als Option I, Option II oder Option III bezeichnet ist. Begriffe, die in den 
Pfandbriefbedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen verwendet werden.  
Bezugnahmen in Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen.  
Die 
Platzhalter 
in 
den 
auf 
die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen 
Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Platzhalter in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Optionen der Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen, die nicht durch in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltene Angaben ausgewählt und ausgefüllt wurden, gelten als in den auf die 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe anwendbaren Bedingungen gestrichen.  
In Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind alle sonstigen Bedingungen enthalten, die nicht in den 
Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen einzusetzen sind und die für alle Hypothekenpfandbriefe gelten.

--- Page 444 ---
- 444 - 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
vom [•] 
RAIFFEISENBANK A.S. 
Emission von [Bezeichnung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe] 
(Hypothekenpfandbriefe) 
Ausgabepreis: [•]% [Informationen zu aufgelaufenen Zinsen einfügen bei einer Aufstockung einer Serie 
von Hypothekenpfandbriefen] 
Seriennummer [•] 
Tranchennummer [•] 
[(die mit [Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Hypothekenpfandbriefe] begeben am [●] konsolidiert 
werden, eine einheitliche Serie bilden und ihren Gesamtnennbetrag erhöhen)] 
Im Rahmen des 
EUR 5.000.000.000 
Hypothekenpfandbriefprogramms  
der Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
 
Dieses Dokument stellt die Endgültigen Bedingungen der hierin beschriebenen Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
gemäß Artikel 8 Abs. 2 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
14. Juni 2017 über den Prospekt, der beim öffentlichen Angebot von Wertpapieren oder bei deren 
Zulassung zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt zu veröffentlichen ist und zur Aufhebung der Richtlinie 
2003/71/EG (Prospektverordnung) in Verbindung mit der Delegierten Verordnung (EU) 2019/980 der 
Kommission vom 14. März 2019 zur Ergänzung der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates hinsichtlich der Aufmachung, des Inhalts, der Prüfung und der Billigung des 
Prospekts, der beim öffentlichen Angebot von Wertpapieren oder bei deren Zulassung zum Handel an einem 
geregelten Markt zu veröffentlichen ist, dar. Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen müssen, um sämtliche 
Angaben zu erhalten, zusammen mit den Informationen gelesen werden, die enthalten sind [(a]) im 
Basisprospekt vom [●] 2024 [(b) und [dem Nachtrag][den Nachträgen] dazu vom [●]] (Basisprospekt) 
und (b) in Nachträgen zu diesem Basisprospekt gemäß Artikel 23 der Prospektverordnung (Nachträge). 
Die vorgenannten Dokumente sind auf der folgenden Internetseite abrufbar: www.rb.cz

--- Page 445 ---
- 445 - 
Teil I 
[[Falls die für die betreffenden Hypothekenpfandbriefe geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der betreffenden, 
im Basisprospekt als Option I bis Option III beschriebenen Bestimmungen einschließlich weiterer darin 
enthaltener Optionen und Vervollständigung der betreffenden Platzhalter ("Typ A" Endgültige Bedingungen) 
bestimmt werden sollen, gelten die folgenden Absätze.]  
[Die anwendbaren und rechtsverbindlichen Bedingungen sind wie nachfolgend in der englischsprachigen Version 
aufgeführt. [Eine unverbindliche deutschsprachige Übersetzung wird zusammen mit der englischsprachigen Version 
geliefert.]]  
[Die anwendbaren und rechtsverbindlichen Bedingungen sind in der deutschsprachigen Version aufgeführt. [Eine 
unverbindliche englischsprachige Übersetzung wird zusammen mit der deutschsprachigen Version geliefert.]] 
[Im Falle von Festverzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen sind die relevanten Bestimmungen von Option I 
(einschließlich einschlägiger zusätzlicher darin enthaltener Optionen) zu wiederholen und die relevanten 
Platzhalter auszufüllen.] 
[Im Falle von Variabel Verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind die relevanten Bestimmungen von Option II 
(einschließlich einschlägiger zusätzlicher darin enthaltener Optionen) zu wiederholen und die relevanten 
Platzhalter auszufüllen.] 
[Im Falle von Nullkupon-Hypothekenpfandbriefen sind die relevanten Bestimmungen von Option III 
(einschließlich einschlägiger zusätzlicher darin enthaltener Optionen) zu wiederholen und die relevanten 
Platzhalter auszufüllen.] 
[Im Falle einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Hypothekenpfandbriefen, die gemäß dem Basisprospekt für die 
Begebung von Hypothekenpfandbriefen vom 15. Dezember 2020 (wie durch den ersten Nachtrag vom 21. Mai 2021 
zum Basisprospekt vom 15. Dezember 2020 ergänzt) begeben wurden, sind die relevanten Emissionsbedingungen, 
wie per Verweis in den Basisprospekt einbezogen, einzufügen und die relevanten Platzhalter auszufüllen.] 
[Im Falle von "Typ B" Endgültigen Bedingungen ist die folgende Tabelle im Einklang mit den Vorgaben für die 
maßgebliche 
Emission 
von 
[Festverzinslichen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen] 
[Variabel 
Verzinslichen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen] [Nullkupon-Hypothekenpfandbriefen] auszufüllen:

--- Page 446 ---
- 446 - 
§ 1 
Serie, Form der Hypothekenpfandbriefe, Ausgabe weiterer Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
[, Definitionen] 
 
 
Ausgabetag: 
[Ausgabetag einfügen] 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[Euro (EUR)] [Festgelegte Währung einfügen] 
Label: 
[Europäischer 
Pfandbrief] 
[Europäischer 
Pfandbrief (Premium)] [CRR] 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
 
(i) 
Serie: 
[Bis zu] [Gesamtnennbetrag der Serie einfügen] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche einfügen] 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] 
Form der Hypothekenpfandbriefe: 
 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch 
(TEFRA D) 
 
 
Dauerglobalurkunde (TEFRA C) 
 
 
Dauerglobalurkunde (weder TEFRA D 
noch TEFRA C Regeln) 
 
Clearingsystem 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A., 
 
Luxembourg 
 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
 
L-1855 Luxemburg 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
 
B-1210 Brüssel 
 
Classical Global Note oder New Global Note: 
 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
§ 2 
Zinsen 
 Option 
I: 
Festverzinsliche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
 
[Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
Stufenzins-Hypothekenpfandbriefe: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Zinssatz: 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr

--- Page 447 ---
- 447 - 
Zinszahltag(e):  
[Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres]66 
[Zinszahltage und dazugehörige Zinssätze: 
Zinszahltage 
dazugehörige Zinssätze 
[Zinszahltage 
einfügen] 
[dazugehörige Zinssätze 
einfügen]]67 
Erster Zinszahltag: 
[Ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] 
Anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
(pro 
festgelegte Stückelung) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] ersten Kupons): 
 
[Anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
einfügen][Nicht anwendbar] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
pro 
[Serie][Tranche]) 
(im 
Falle 
eines 
[kurzen][langen] ersten Kupons): 
 
 
[Anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Abschließender 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
(pro 
festgelegte Stückelung) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] letzten Kupons): 
[Abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
pro 
[Serie][Tranche]) 
(im 
Falle 
eines 
[kurzen][langen] letzten Kupons): 
 
 
[Abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 Option 
II: 
Variabel 
verzinsliche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
 
[Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
Fest- 
zu 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Festgelegte(r) Zinszahltag(e) während des 
Festzinszeitraums: 
[festgelegte(n) 
Zinszahltag(e) 
während 
des 
Festzinszeitraums einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres]]68 
 
festgelegte(r) Zinszahltag(e): 
[festgelegte(r) Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines 
jeden Jahres] 
 
festgelegt(e) Zinsperiode(n): 
[Anzahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] 
[erster Zinszahltag: 
[ersten Zinszahltag einfügen]69 
[erster Zinszahltag innerhalb des Variablen 
Zinszeitraums: 
 
[ersten Zinszahltag innerhalb des Variablen 
Zinszeitraums einfügen]]70 
[Fester Zinssatz für den Festzinszeitraum: 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr 
Anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
(pro 
festgelegte Stückelung): 
[Anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
einfügen][Nicht anwendbar]]71 
 
66 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Hypothekenpfandbriefe anwendbar, die keine Stufenzins-Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind. 
67 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Stufenzins-Hypothekenpfandbriefe anwendbar. 
68 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Fest- zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen anwendbar. 
69 
Ausschließlich im Fall eines ersten langen/kurzen Kupons anwendbar. 
70 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Fest- zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen anwendbar. 
71 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Fest- zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen anwendbar.

--- Page 448 ---
- 448 - 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
pro 
[Serie][Tranche]): 
[Anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
einfügen][Nicht anwendbar]]72 
 
Bildschirmfeststellung: 
 
 
Variabel 
verzinsliche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe
, 
bei 
denen 
die 
Verzinsung 
von 
der 
[Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate 
(Euribor)] 
[SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] 
[€STR®] 
[Prague 
Interbank Offered Rate 
(Pribor)] abhängt  
 
 
Euribor 
(Brüsseler 
Zeit 
/ 
TARGET 
Bankarbeitstag 
/ 
Interbankenmarkt 
in 
der Euro-Zone): 
[Zeitraum/Zeiträume einfügen][●] 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite 
 
SONIA® 
(Londoner 
Zeit 
/ 
Londoner 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl der Londoner 
Bankarbeitstage "p": 
[●] 
 
 SOFR® (New Yorker 
Zeit 
/ 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl 
der 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstage "p": 
[●] 
 
 €STR® 
(Brüsseler 
Zeit 
/ 
TARGET 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
 
72 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Fest- zu variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen anwendbar.

--- Page 449 ---
- 449 - 
Anzahl der TARGET 
Bankarbeitstage "p": 
[●] 
 
Pribor (Prager Zeit / 
Bankarbeitstag 
in 
Prag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl 
der 
Prager 
Bankarbeitstage "p": 
[●] 
 
 Nach 
Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches 
Mittel der Angebotssätze] [anwendbaren Zinssatz 
einfügen] 
Interpolation: 
[Ja] [Nein] [für den ersten [kurzen][langen] 
Kupon] [für den letzten kurzen Kupon] 
 
[Lineare Interpolation zwischen dem [Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor] 
[Pribor]-
Angebotssatz und dem [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor] [Pribor]-Angebotssatz, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite jeweils um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall 
des Euribor als Referenzzinssatz einfügen: 
Brüsseler] 
[Im 
Fall 
des 
Pribor 
als 
Referenzzinssatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit angezeigt 
wird.] 
 
 
Variabel 
Verzinsliche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe, 
bei 
denen die Verzinsung von 
einem Constant Maturity Swap-
Satz abhängig ist: 
[●] 
Anzahl von Jahren: 
[Anzahl von Jahren einfügen] 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite [ICESWAP1 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
[ICESWAP2 
oder 
eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
Anzahl 
von 
Angeboten 
von 
Referenzbanken: 
[Anzahl von Angeboten einfügen] 
Referenzsatzzeit: 
[Referenzsatzzeit einfügen] 
Nach 
Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches Mittel 
der 
Angebotssätze] 
[anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
einfügen] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus

--- Page 450 ---
- 450 - 
 
minus 
 
Zinsfeststellungstag: 
[zweiter] [erster] [letzter] [andere Anzahl von 
Tagen einfügen] [TARGET] [London] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum (angeben)] Bankarbeitstag [vor 
dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 
ISDA-Feststellung: 
 
Variable Zinssatz-Option: 
[Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen] 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit:  
[Periode von/bis einfügen] 
Reset-Datum: 
[Reset-Datum einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
[Mindestzinssatz] [und] [Höchstzinssatz]: 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr] 
 
Höchstzinssatz: 
 
Zinstagequotient:73 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)74 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] [Fiktiver Zinszahltag: [Fiktiven 
Zinszahltag einfügen]]75 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
Actual/365 (fixed) 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
Actual/360 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis76 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 
2000)77 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
73 
Im Fall von Nullkupon Hypothekenpfandbriefen nur einschlägig, soweit Verzugszinsen auf den Rückzahlungsbetrag/Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag in Abhängigkeit der Emissionsrendite berechnet werden. 
74  Wenn Zinsen nicht in regelmäßigen Abständen zu zahlen sind (beispielsweise, wenn Teilbeträge angegeben sind) ist 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) keine geeignete feste Zinstageberechnungsmethode. 
75  Im Fall eines langen/kurzen ersten/letzten Berechnungszeitraums. 
76 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon Hypothekenpfandbriefen. 
77 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon Hypothekenpfandbriefen.

--- Page 451 ---
- 451 - 
 
30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis (ISDA 
2021)78 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 79 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
Option III: Nullkupon Hypotheken-
pfandbriefe 
 
§ 3 
Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen, Rückzahlung aufgrund einer Gesetzwidrigkeit oder 
Ungültigkeit, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option)] 
Fälligkeitstag: 
[Fälligkeitstag einfügen] 
[Zinszahltag (wie oben definiert), der in den 
[Monat einfügen] des Jahres [Jahr einfügen] fällt] 
Verlängerter Fälligkeitstag 
[Anwendbar/Nicht anwendbar] 
[Der verlängerte Fälligkeitstag ist der [●]] 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Anderer Betrag: 
[Betrag einfügen] pro festgelegte Stückelung] 80 
[Zinsen vom Fälligkeitstag bis zum Verlängerten 
Fälligkeitstag: 
 
 
Option I: Festverzinsliche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
 
 
festgelegt(e) Zinsperiode(n): 
[Anzahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] 
 
Bildschirmfeststellung: 
 
 
Verzinsung hängt von 
der 
[Euro 
Interbank 
Offered Rate (Euribor)] 
[SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] 
[€STR®] 
[Prague 
Interbank Offered Rate 
(Pribor)] ab 
 
 
Euribor 
(Brüsseler 
Zeit 
/ 
TARGET 
Bankarbeitstag 
/ 
Interbankenmarkt 
in 
der Euro-Zone): 
[Zeitraum/Zeiträume einfügen][●] 
 
78 
Nur anwendbar, wenn es sich bei den Hypothekenpfandbriefen nicht um Nullkupon Pfandbriefe handelt und wenn ISDA 2006 
Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen. 
79  Nur anwendbar, wenn es sich bei den Hypothekenpfandbriefen nicht um Nullkupon Pfandbriefe handelt und wenn ISDA 2006 
Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen. 
80 
Nur anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon Hypothekenpfandbriefen. Ein solcher Rückzahlungsbetrag darf nicht geringer sein als die 
festgelegte Stückelung der Hypothekenpfandbriefe.

--- Page 452 ---
- 452 - 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite 
 
SONIA® 
(Londoner 
Zeit 
/ 
Londoner 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl der Londoner 
Bankarbeitstage "p": 
[●] 
 
 SOFR® (New Yorker 
Zeit 
/ 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl 
der 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstage "p": 
[●] 
 
 €STR® 
(Brüsseler 
Zeit 
/ 
TARGET 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl der TARGET 
Bankarbeitstage "p": 
[●] 
 
Pribor (Prager Zeit / 
Bankarbeitstag 
in 
Prag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl 
der 
Prager 
Bankarbeitstage "p": 
[●] 
 
 Nach 
Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches 
Mittel der Angebotssätze] [anwendbaren Zinssatz 
einfügen] 
Interpolation: 
[Ja] [Nein] [für den ersten [kurzen][langen] 
Kupon] [für den letzten kurzen Kupon] 
 
[Lineare Interpolation zwischen dem [Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor] 
[Pribor]-
Angebotssatz][●] und dem [Zahl einfügen]-

--- Page 453 ---
- 453 - 
Monats-[Euribor] [Pribor]-Angebotssatz][●], der 
auf der Bildschirmseite jeweils um 11:00 Uhr [Im 
Fall des Euribor als Referenzzinssatz einfügen: 
Brüsseler] 
[Im 
Fall 
des 
Pribor 
als 
Referenzzinssatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit angezeigt 
wird.] 
 
 
Verzinsung hängt von 
einem Constant Maturity Swap-
Satz ab: 
[●] 
Anzahl von Jahren: 
[Anzahl von Jahren einfügen] 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite [ICESWAP1 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
[ICESWAP2 
oder 
eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
Anzahl 
von 
Angeboten 
von 
Referenzbanken: 
[Anzahl von Angeboten einfügen] 
Referenzsatzzeit: 
[Referenzsatzzeit einfügen] 
Nach 
Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches Mittel 
der 
Angebotssätze] 
[anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
einfügen] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Zinsfeststellungstag: 
[zweiter] [erster] [letzter] [andere Anzahl von 
Tagen einfügen] [TARGET] [London] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum (angeben)] Bankarbeitstag [vor 
dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 
ISDA-Feststellung: 
 
Variable Zinssatz-Option: 
[Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen] 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit:  
[Periode von/bis einfügen] 
Reset-Datum: 
[Reset-Datum einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Bestimmung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [Emittentin]81 
 
81  "Emittentin" ist zu wählen im Falle, dass Citibank als Berechnungsstelle fungiert.

--- Page 454 ---
- 454 - 
[Mindestzinssatz] [und] [Höchstzinssatz]: 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr] 
 
Höchstzinssatz: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr]] 
Im Ermessen von: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [Emittentin]82 
Zinstagequotient: 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)83 
[Fiktiver 
Zinszahltag: 
[Fiktiven 
Zinszahltag 
einfügen]] 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
Actual/365 (fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
 
 
30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 
2000) 
 
 
30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis (ISDA 
2021) 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 84 
 
[ 
Option II: Variabel verzinsliche 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
 
 
Bildschirmfeststellung: 
 
 
Verzinsung hängt von 
der 
[Euro 
Interbank 
Offered Rate (Euribor)] 
[SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] 
[€STR®] 
[Prague 
Interbank Offered Rate 
(Pribor)] ab 
 
 
Euribor 
(Brüsseler 
Zeit 
/ 
TARGET 
Bankarbeitstag 
/ 
Interbankenmarkt 
in 
der Euro-Zone): 
[Zeitraum/Zeiträume einfügen][●] 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite 
 
82  "Emittentin" ist zu wählen im Falle, dass Citibank als Berechnungsstelle fungiert. 
83  Wenn Zinsen nicht in regelmäßigen Abständen zu zahlen sind (beispielsweise, wenn Teilbeträge angegeben sind) ist 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) keine geeignete feste Zinstageberechnungsmethode. 
84  Nur anwendbar, wenn es sich bei den Hypothekenpfandbriefen nicht um Nullkupon Pfandbriefe handelt und wenn ISDA 2006 
Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen.

--- Page 455 ---
- 455 - 
 
SONIA® 
(Londoner 
Zeit 
/ 
Londoner 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl der Londoner 
Bankarbeitstage "p": 
[●] 
 
 SOFR® (New Yorker 
Zeit 
/ 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl 
der 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstage "p": 
[●] 
 
 €STR® 
(Brüsseler 
Zeit 
/ 
TARGET 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl der TARGET 
Bankarbeitstage "p": 
[●] 
 
Pribor (Prager Zeit / 
Bankarbeitstag 
in 
Prag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl 
der 
Prager 
Bankarbeitstage "p": 
[●] 
 
 Nach 
Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches 
Mittel der Angebotssätze] [anwendbaren Zinssatz 
einfügen] 
Interpolation: 
[Ja] [Nein] [für den ersten [kurzen][langen] 
Kupon] [für den letzten kurzen Kupon] 
 
[Lineare Interpolation zwischen dem [Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor] 
[Pribor]-
Angebotssatz][●] und dem [Zahl einfügen]-
Monats-[Euribor] [Pribor]-Angebotssatz][●], der 
auf der Bildschirmseite jeweils um 11:00 Uhr [Im 
Fall des Euribor als Referenzzinssatz einfügen:

--- Page 456 ---
- 456 - 
Brüsseler] 
[Im 
Fall 
des 
Pribor 
als 
Referenzzinssatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit angezeigt 
wird.] 
 
 
Verzinsung hängt von 
einem Constant Maturity Swap-
Satz ab: 
[●] 
Anzahl von Jahren: 
[Anzahl von Jahren einfügen] 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite [ICESWAP1 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
[ICESWAP2 
oder 
eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
Anzahl von Angeboten von 
Referenzbanken: 
[Anzahl von Angeboten einfügen] 
Referenzsatzzeit: 
[Referenzsatzzeit einfügen] 
Nach 
Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches Mittel 
der 
Angebotssätze] 
[anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
einfügen] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Zinsfeststellungstag: 
[zweiter] [erster] [letzter] [andere Anzahl von 
Tagen einfügen] [TARGET] [London] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum (angeben)] Bankarbeitstag [vor 
dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 
ISDA-Feststellung: 
 
Variable Zinssatz-Option: 
[Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen] 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit:  
[Periode von/bis einfügen] 
Reset-Datum: 
[Reset-Datum einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Bestimmung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [Emittentin]85 
 
85  "Emittentin" ist zu wählen im Falle, dass Citibank als Berechnungsstelle fungiert.

--- Page 457 ---
- 457 - 
[Mindestzinssatz] [und] [Höchstzinssatz]: 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr] 
 
Höchstzinssatz: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr]] 
Im Ermessen von: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [Emittentin]86 
Zinstagequotient: 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)87 
[Fiktiver 
Zinszahltag: 
[Fiktiven 
Zinszahltag 
einfügen]] 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
Actual/365 (fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
 
 
30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 
2000) 
 
 
30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis (ISDA 
2021) 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 88 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
(Call Option): 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Kündigungstermin(e): 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
einfügen][eines 
jeden 
Jahres beginnend am [Datum einfügen]] 
Recht zur teilweisen Rückzahlung der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe: 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Kündigungsfrist: 
[Zahl 
einsetzen 
(mindestens 
5 Bankarbeits-
tage)][Bankarbeitstage][Monate] 
[Aufgelaufene 
Zinsen 
werden 
separat 
gezahlt: 
 
[Ja] [Nein]]89 
 
86  "Emittentin" ist zu wählen im Falle, dass Citibank als Berechnungsstelle fungiert. 
87  Wenn Zinsen nicht in regelmäßigen Abständen zu zahlen sind (beispielsweise, wenn Teilbeträge angegeben sind) ist 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) keine geeignete feste Zinstageberechnungsmethode. 
88  Nur anwendbar, wenn es sich bei den Hypothekenpfandbriefen nicht um Nullkupon Pfandbriefe handelt und wenn ISDA 2006 
Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen. 
89 
Nur anwendbar für Hypothekenpfandbriefe, die nicht Nullkupon Hypothekenpfandbriefe sind.

--- Page 458 ---
- 458 - 
Optionale(r) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(-beträge): 
 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Anderer Betrag: 
[Optionale(r) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
einfügen, 
der/die 
nicht 
unterhalb 
des 
Nennwerts/Emissionspreises liegt/liegen]] 
[Aufgelaufene 
Verzugszinsen 
auf 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag [und den Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] basierend auf:90 
 
 
der Emissionsrendite 
Referenzpreis: [Referenzpreis einfügen]  
Emissionsrendite: [Emissionsrendite einfügen] 
 
dem 
gesetzlichen 
Verzugszinssatz] 
 
Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen (§3 (9)): 
[Einschlägig/Nicht einschlägig] 
Kündigungsfrist für die Bedingung [§ 3 (9)] 
(Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen): 
Mindestfrist: [●] Tage 
Höchstfrist: [●] Tage 
 
[Aufgelaufende Zinsen werden gesondert 
gezahlt: 
[Ja] [Nein]]91 
Kündigungsfrist für die Bedingung gemäß [§ 3 10)] 
(Rückzahlung aufgrund einer Gesetzeswidrigkeit 
oder Ungültigkeit): 
Mindestfrist: [●] Tage 
Höchstfrist: [●] Tage 
 
[Aufgelaufende Zinsen werden gesondert 
gezahlt: 
[Ja] [Nein]]92 
Bei Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen bzw. 
Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kündigungsgrundes zu 
zahlender Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag  
[●] 
[Emissionsrendite: 
Referenzpreis: [Referenzpreis einfügen] 
Emissionsrendite: [Emissionsrendite einfügen]]93 
§ 4 
Zahlungen 
Rundung von zahlbaren Beträgen: 
[aufgerundet] [stets abgerundet] 
Dual-Currency-Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Währung für Zahlungsabwicklungen: 
[Währung einfügen] 
 
[Die Umrechnung der zahlbaren Beträge in [Euro] 
[andere 
Währung 
einfügen] 
erfolgt 
[zum 
Wechselkurs] [•]] 
 
90 
Nur anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon Hypothekenpfandbriefen. 
91 
Nur anwendbar im Falle von anderen als Nullkupon Hypothekenpfandbriefen.  
92 
Nur anwendbar im Falle von anderen als Nullkupon Hypothekenpfandbriefen.  
93 Nur anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon Hypothekenpfandbriefen.

--- Page 459 ---
- 459 - 
 
[Es werden jedoch mindestens [Euro] [Andere 
Währung einfügen] [0,001] [Andere Einheit 
einfügen] [je Festgelegte Stückelung] [auf den 
Gesamtnennbetrag] gezahlt.] 
Wechselkurs: 
[einfügen] [berechnet auf der Basis von [erster 
Kurs] (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von ([Währung 
einfügen] pro [einem][●] [Währung einfügen]) 
multipliziert mit [zweiter Kurs] (ausgedrückt als 
Anzahl von ([Währung einfügen] pro [einem][●] 
[Währung einfügen])] 
Erster Kurs: 
[einfügen], Bildschirmseite: [einfügen],  
Fixing Sponsor [einfügen] 
Zweiter Kurs: 
[einfügen] Bildschirmseite [einfügen],  
Fixing Sponsor [einfügen]  
Kursberechnungstag: 
[einfügen] [[zweiter] Bankarbeitstag 
vor [einfügen]] 
Bankarbeitstag: 
[TARGET] 
[[Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
und 
[Finanzzentrum einfügen]] 
Zeit: 
[einfügen] 
Zeitzone: 
[einfügen]] 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Floating Rate Convention94 
[[Zahl einfügen] Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zeiträume einfügen] 
 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Anpassung: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Bankarbeitstag: 
[TARGET] 
[London] 
[alle 
maßgeblichen 
Finanzzentren einfügen] 
§ 5 
Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle, Berechnungsstelle 
Hauptzahlstelle: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB, Vereinigtes Königreich]  
[andere Hauptzahlstelle einfügen] 
 
94 
Nur anwendbar im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Hypothekenpfandbriefen.

--- Page 460 ---
- 460 - 
Zusätzliche Zahlstelle(n): 
[zum 
[Zeitpunkt 
einfügen]] 
[Zusätzliche 
Zahlstelle(n) einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB, Vereinigtes Königreich]  
[andere Berechnungsstelle einfügen]  
[Nicht anwendbar] 
§ 6 
Steuern 
Anwendbarkeit der Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich 
(Gross-up) 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Kapitalmäßig Verbundene Person – Befreiung von 
der Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich (Gross-up) 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Standard-Erstattungsverfahren Fixbetrag 
[●] 
§ 11 
Mitteilungen 
[Mitteilungen können in elektronischer Form auf 
der Internetseite der jeweiligen Börse gemacht 
werden: 95 
 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Börsenpflichtblatt: 
[Name des Börsenpflichtblatts einfügen] [Nicht 
anwendbar] 
Mitteilungen 
in 
einem 
anderen 
Börsenpflichtblatt, wenn Mitteilung nicht 
mehr möglich: 
 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Internetseite: 
[Name 
der 
Börse 
einfügen] 
[Internetseite 
einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar]] 
Bankarbeitstag: 
[TARGET] 
[London] 
[alle 
maßgeblichen 
Finanzzentren einfügen] 
[§ 15 
Anwendbares Recht, Gerichtsstand[, Sprache] 
Sprache der Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen: 
 
 
Englisch 
und 
Deutsch 
(Englisch 
verbindlich) (Wobei die Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache nicht Teil 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen ist.) 
 
 
Deutsch 
und 
Englisch 
(Deutsch 
verbindlich) (Wobei die Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache nicht Teil 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen ist.)] 
 
 
 
 
95 
Nur anwendbar im Fall von Hypothekenpfandbriefen, die an einer Börse gelistet sind.

--- Page 461 ---
- 461 - 
§ 16 
Änderungen der Hypothekenpfandbriefbedingungen 
Versammlung der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger: 
 
 
in Form einer Präsenzveranstaltung  
 
 
ohne physische Begegnung  
 
Beschränkte Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
der Hypothekenpfandbriefgläubiger: 
[Haftung beschränkt auf das [Multiplikator einfügen]-
fache der Jahresvergütung des gemeinsamen Vertreters] 
[Betrag einfügen] [Nicht einschlägig]]]

--- Page 462 ---
- 462 - 
 
Teil II 
 
[ANGABEN BEZOGEN AUF SCHULDTITEL MIT EINER MINDESTSTÜCKELUNG VON EUR 100.000 
 
Wesentliche Informationen  
 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer 
Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, sofern abweichend von den im 
Basisprospekt beschriebenen Interessen, sofern vorhanden] 
Gründe für das Angebot und Zweckbestimmung der 
Erlöse 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Allgemeiner Geschäftszweck][Grüne 
Anleihe] [Nachhaltigkeits- Anleihe] [●] 
Classical Global Note oder New Global Note: 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die EZB-
Fähigkeit bewirkt 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die EZB-Fähigkeit bewirkt: [Ja. Im Fall der Kennzeichnung mit „ja" ist damit 
beabsichtigt, die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zum Zeitpunkt ihrer 
Emission 
bei 
einer 
der 
internationalen 
zentralen 
Verwahrstellen (ICSDs) als gemeinsame Sicherheits-
verwahrstelle 
einzureichen. 
Das 
bedeutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, dass die Hypothekenpfandbriefe zum 
Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission oder zu einem anderen Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Geldpolitik 
des 
Eurosystems 
und 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
untertägigen 
Kreditfähigkeit 
durch 
das 
Eurosystem 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon 
ab, dass die EZB davon überzeugt ist, dass die Kriterien der 
Eignung für das Eurosystem erfüllt sind.] 
[Nein. Im Fall der Kennzeichnung mit „nein" zum Datum 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen können die Hypotheken-
pfandbriefe zu einem späteren Zeitpunkt bei einer der 
internationalen zentralen Verwahrstellen (ICSDs) als 
gemeinsame Sicherheitsverwahrstelle eingereicht werden, 
wenn die Kriterien der Eignung für das Eurosystem zukünftig 
dergestalt geändert werden, dass die Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
diese Kriterien erfüllen können. Dies bedeutet nicht 
notwendigerweise, dass die Hypothekenpfandbriefe während 
ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Geldpolitik 
des 
Eurosystems 
und 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
untertägigen 
Kreditfähigkeit 
durch 
das 
Eurosystem 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon 
ab, dass die EZB davon überzeugt ist, dass die Kriterien der 
Eignung für das Eurosystem erfüllt sind.]

--- Page 463 ---
- 463 - 
Wertpapier-Kennnummern 
 
[Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Vorläufiger Common Code: 
[●]] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[Vorläufiger ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●] 
[Vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●]] 
[Klassifizierungscode (CFI Code): 
[●]] 
[FISN Code: 
[●]] 
[Sonstige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
[●]] 
[Sonstige vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
[●]] 
Rendite 
 
Rendite bezogen auf den Ausgabepreis: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % per annum] 96 
[Nicht anwendbar. Die Rendite der Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
kann nicht [zum Ausgabetag] ermittelt werden.] 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 Nicht syndiziert 
 
 Syndiziert 
 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Managements 
 
Dealer/Bankenkonsortium: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten angeben] 
Provisionen 
 
[Management- und Übernahmeprovision97 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten angeben]] 
[Verkaufsprovision: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten angeben]] 
[Börsenzulassungsprovision:  
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten angeben]] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten im Zusammenhang mit der 
Zulassung zum Handel: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten angeben] 
Stabilisierungsmanager: 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar]  
Verwendung und geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erlöse: 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
 
96 
Nur für festverzinsliche Hypothekenpfandbriefe anwendbar. 
97 
Es gibt keine Verpflichtung, Informationen hinsichtlich einer Management- und Übernahmeprovision und einer 
Verkaufsprovision anzugeben, wenn die Hypothekenpfandbriefe eine Mindeststückelung von EUR 100.000 oder dem 
entsprechenden Betrag in einer anderen Währung haben.

--- Page 464 ---
- 464 - 
Börsenzulassung(en) und Zulassung zum Handel 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 Luxemburger Börse 
 
 Regulierter Markt 
 
 EuroMTF 
 
 Sonstige: 
[●] 
 Rating98 
[Einzelheiten des Ratings angeben][Bedeutung des Ratings 
erläutern und kurze Erklärungen der Bedeutung der Ratings, 
wenn diese bereits zuvor von der Ratingagentur veröffentlicht 
worden sind]] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und gemäß 
Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über 
Ratingagenturen (wie geändert) (Ratingagentur-Verordnung) registriert ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat.] 
[Die 
Europäische 
Wertpapier- 
und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
(ESMA) 
veröffentlicht 
auf 
ihrer 
Webseite 
(www.esma.europa.eu) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten Ratingagenturen. Dieses 
Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der 
Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im 
Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung.] 
[Die gemäß den Hypothekenpfandbriefen zahlbaren Beträge können unter Bezugnahme auf den [EURIBOR®, der derzeit 
vom European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [[CMS], der derzeit von der ICE 
Benchmark Administration (IBA) zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [SONIA®, der derzeit von der Bank of England zur 
Verfügung gestellt wird] [SOFR®, der derzeit von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York zur Verfügung gestellt wird] 
[PRIBOR, der derzeit von Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [[anderer 
Referenzzinssatz einfügen], der derzeit von [Administrator einfügen] zur Verfügung gestellt wird], berechnet werden. 
Zum Zeitpunkt dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen erschein[t][en] [EMMI] [IBA] [die Bank of England] [die Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York] [Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o.] [Administrator einfügen] [nicht] im 
Verzeichnis der Administratoren und Benchmarks, das von der Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
(ESMA) gemäß Artikel 36 der Benchmark-Verordnung (Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011) (Benchmark-Verordnung) 
eingerichtet und verwaltet wird.]] 
 
[Raiffeisenbank a.s.] 
___________________________________ 
 
[Name]] 
 
98 
Maßgebliches Rating hinsichtlich der Hypothekenpfandbriefe, soweit vorhanden, einfügen.

--- Page 465 ---
ISSUER 
 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
Hvězdova 1716/2b 
140 78 Prague 4 
Czech Republic 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Am Stadtpark 9 
1030 Vienna 
Austria 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
 
Raiffeisenbank a.s. 
Am Stadtpark 9 
Hvězdova 1716/2b 
1030 Vienna 
140 78 Prague 4 
Austria 
Czech Republic 
 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London, E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to German law 
To the Dealers as to Czech law 
White & Case LLP 
White & Case, s.r.o., advokátní kancelář 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
Na Příkopě 14 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
110 00 Prague 1 
Germany 
Czech Republic 
To the Issuer as to German law 
To the Issuer as to Czech law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling (Czech Republic) 
LLP, organizační složka 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2 
Karolinská 707/7 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
186 00 Prague 
Germany 
Czech Republic 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte Audit s.r.o. 
Italská 2581/67 
120 00 Prague 2 – Vinohrady 
Czech Republic 
ASSET MONITOR 
Deloitte Audit s.r.o. 
Italská 2581/67 
120 00 Prague 2 – Vinohrady 
Czech Republic