--- Page 1 ---
Prospectus dated 22 February 2023 
This document contains a base prospectus (the "Prospectus") within the meaning set forth by Article 8(1) of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, 
as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").  
 
RAIFFEISEN BANK D.D. BOSNA I HERCEGOVINA 
(incorporated as joint stock company in Bosnia and Herzegovina) 
EUR 300,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the EUR 300,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Prospectus (the "Programme"), 
Raiffeisen BANK d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina (the "Issuer" or the "Bank") may from time to time issue notes in bearer form 
(the "Notes"), including: (i) ordinary senior notes (the "Ordinary Senior Notes"); (ii) ordinary senior eligible notes that are 
qualified as eligible for MREL purposes in line with the Bosnia and Herzegovina regulations (the "Ordinary Senior Eligible 
Notes" or the "Eligible Notes") The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under the Programme outstanding will not at 
any time exceed EUR 300,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg act 
relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières 
et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). The CSSF only approves this 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Prospectus. Neither does the CSSF give any undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Prospectus has been prepared to admit Notes issued under the Programme to trading on a regulated market in accordance 
with Article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation and Notes will be placed with investors in reliance on exemptions for public 
offers provided in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to list Notes issued under the 
Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") (a "Regulated Market"). 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.LuxSE.com) and on the website of the Issuer (www.raiffeisenbank.ba). For the avoidance of doubt, the content 
of the aforementioned websites does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities 
of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
The validity of this Prospectus ends upon expiration of  February 2024. There is no obligation to supplement this Prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Arranger 
RAIFFEISEN BANK INTERNATIONAL AG 
Dealers 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Raiffeisen BANK d.d. 
Bosna i Hercegovina

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and any Final Terms and 
declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and this Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Other relevant information 
This Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final 
Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Obligation of the Issuer with regard to a supplement 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus or publish a new prospectus if 
and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete, and has further agreed 
with the Dealers to furnish a supplement to this Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus, as applicable 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of an issue of Notes and which arises or is noted between the 
time when this Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any tranche of Notes offered to the 
public or, as the case may be, when trading of any tranche of Notes on a Regulated Market begins, 
whichever occurs later, in respect of such Notes. 
Investors shall be aware that a supplement to this Prospectus may be published. Such a supplement will be 
published on the Issuer's website (www.raiffeisenbank.ba) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.LuxSE.com).  
Obligations of the Financial Intermediaries with regard to a supplement 
Where the Notes are purchased or subscribed through a financial intermediary, that financial intermediary 
shall inform holders of the Notes (each a "Holder") of the possibility of a supplement being published, 
where and when it would be published and that the financial intermediary would assist them in exercising 
their right to withdraw acceptances in such case. The financial intermediary shall contact those Holders of 
the Notes by the end of the first working day following that on which the supplement is published. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or 
made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer 
or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts 
or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue 
and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale 
or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained 
in this Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably 
likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the 
date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. None of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers.

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery 
of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not 
be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC"), 
ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED 
UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY 
OR ADEQUACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS 
A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that 
any recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each 
recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i)  
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained in this 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii)  
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and 
the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii)  
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv)  
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of the 
relevant underlying, if any; and 
(v)  
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial Notes. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial Notes as standalone investments. They purchase complex financial Notes as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolio. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial Notes unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes, the likelihood of 
cancellation of payment of principal, payment of distributions or a write-down of the Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. Each potential investor in 
the Notes should determine the suitability of such an investment in light of its own circumstances and have

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the Notes, including the 
possibility that the entire principal amount of the Notes could be lost. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended)  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the "MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which may outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor 
subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a Distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to 
each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates, including the 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"). Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmark Regulation"). As at the date of 
this Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), the administrator of EURIBOR, is 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") under the Benchmark Regulation and the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR") does not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. If any other 
reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not such 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) 
of the Benchmark Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation 
is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update 
the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Notes issued as Environmental, Social and/or Corporate Governance Bonds ("ESG Bonds") 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the offer of those Notes to finance or re-finance 
assets and projects ("Eligible Loans") which aim to provide positive environmental and social impact as 
well as contribute to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals ("SDGs"). The Issuer has 
established a framework for such issuances (the "Sustainability Bond Framework") which further 
specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Loans based on the recommendations included in the 
voluntary process guidelines for issuing green, social and sustainability bonds published by the 
International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (the "ICMA Green Bond Principles", 
the "ICMA Social Bond Principles", the "ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines" and together, 
the "ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles"). Pursuant to the recommendation in the ICMA Sustainable 
Bond Principles that external assurance is obtained to confirm alignment with the key features of the 
ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles, at the request of the Issuer, the advisory and rating provider 
Morningstar Sustainalytics has issued a second party opinion dated 25 November 2022 in relation to the 
Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework. Neither the Sustainability Bond Framework nor any second party 
opinion is incorporated into or forms part of this Prospectus. None of the Arranger, the Dealers, any of their 
respective affiliates or any other person mentioned in this Prospectus makes any representation as to the 
suitability of such Notes to fulfil environmental, social and/or sustainability criteria required by any 
prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the Sustainability Bond Framework or the Eligible Loans, any verification of whether any 
Eligible Asset meets the criteria set out in the Sustainability Bond Framework or the monitoring of the use 
of proceeds. 
Certain definitions 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended and references to 
KM/BAM are to Bosnian-Herzegovinian convertible mark. 
Certain figures included in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in 
certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", "expect", 
"plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than 
statements of historical fact included in this Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the 
financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer 
are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Issuer's actual results, performance or achievements, 
or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking 
statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's 
present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer expects to operate in the 
future. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer". Any forward-
looking statements made by or on behalf of the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer 
does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with 
regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. 2 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .................................................................................................... 6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 10 
ISSUE PROCEDURES .............................................................................................................................. 36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 38 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ORDINARY SENIOR NOTES ........................................................ 39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ELIGIBLE NOTES .......................................................................... 59 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 89 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 109 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER........................................................................................................... 110 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 129 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS ...................................... 130 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 132 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 135 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................ 136

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Issue of Notes 
Notes will be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche"), each Tranche consisting of Notes which are identical 
in all respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and 
are identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices 
and dates for first interest payments, may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued 
as part of an existing Series. The specific terms of each Tranche will be determined at the time of offering 
of such Tranche based on then prevailing market conditions and will be set forth in the applicable final 
terms (the "Final Terms") (the form of which is contained herein). 
Programme Amount 
This Programme is for the issuance of Notes under which the Issuer may, from time to time, issue Notes in 
accordance with and subject to all applicable laws and regulations and denominated in any currency, subject 
as set out herein. 
The following description is an abstract presentation of the possible structures through which Notes may 
be issued under the terms of this Prospectus and does not refer to a specific issue of Notes which will be 
issued under the terms of this Prospectus. 
The actual aggregate principal amount of all Notes issued and from time to time outstanding will not exceed 
EUR 300,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be agreed and specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum 
denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in 
such other currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000 at the time of the trade date of 
the Notes. The Notes may be issued, either directly by the Issuer to the investors or to one or more of the 
Dealers which expression shall, where used in this Prospectus, include any additional Dealer(s) appointed 
under this Programme from time to time. 
Notes will be issued with a minimum maturity of twelve months or more. 
The Issuer will have the option at any time to increase the amount of the Programme, subject to the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale") (including the preparation 
of a supplement to this Prospectus or a new prospectus) as the Dealers, the relevant competent authority or 
the relevant Stock Exchange may reasonably request. 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes are freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant clearing system 
and may be offered to investors on a non-syndicated or a syndicated basis. The method of distribution of 
each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. With respect to the categories of potential investors 
the Notes are not subject to any restrictions except for the selling restrictions mentioned in section 
Subscription and Sale. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
In relation to Notes intended to be listed and issued under this Programme, application has been made to 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to list the Programme and such Notes on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg). Application may be made additionally to any other or further stock 
exchange to admit such Notes to trading on any other or further Regulated Markets or other market 
segments of such other or further stock exchanges. In this Prospectus, references to "Listed Notes" (and all 
related references) shall mean, in relation to Notes issued under the Programme, that such Notes are listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other or further stock exchange, as the 
case may be. 
The Programme allows for Notes to be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) or traded on other 
market segments (e.g. unregulated market (Freiverkehr)) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) or as determined by the Issuer. Notes not listed on any stock exchange may also be 
issued.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
The issue specific details applicable to the respective Notes are determined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgium) ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42, Avenue J. F. 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg) ("CBL") (or its legal successors as the case may be). 
Security Code 
The International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN"), Common Code (if any), and the German 
Security Code Number (if any) for each Series of Notes or any other security code will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
RISK FACTORS 
This section describes specific risks regarding the Issuer which are regarded by the Issuer to be material in 
respect of the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under Notes issued by the Issuer and of which the Issuer 
is currently aware. 
The Issuer has assessed the materiality of risks based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of the negative impact such occurrence may cause to the Issuer and the effect on the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations under securities issued by the Issuer. The Issuer has also taken into account 
in respect of such assessment the principles and outcomes of its internal capital adequacy assessment 
process. In addition, each of the Issuer related risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading 
price of the securities to be issued or the rights of investors under the securities to be issued and, as a result, 
investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
Investors should consider the following specific and material risk factors and in addition all other 
information contained in this Prospectus and consult their own professional advisers prior to any decision 
to purchase debt securities issued by the Issuer. 
Investors shall also be aware that there may be additional risks regarding the Issuer which are not regarded 
to be material or of which the Issuer is currently not aware but which may nevertheless affect the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations under securities issued by the Issuer. It is also possible that risks described 
herein may combine and intensify one another. 
The risk factors are divided into the following categories depending on their nature: 
 1 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1.1 
Risks relating to the business of the Issuer 
1.2 
Economic and political risks 
1.3 
Risks relating to legal and regulatory matters and litigation 
1.4 
Other material risks relating to the Issuer 
 2 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
2.1 
Risks relating to all Notes 
2.2 
Risks specifically relating to Eligible Notes 
2.3 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes 
2.4 
Risks relating to the specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
2.5 
Other material risks relating to the Notes 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
This section describes specific risks regarding the Issuer which are regarded by the Issuer to be material in 
respect of the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under Notes issued by the Issuer and of which the Issuer 
is currently aware. 
The Issuer has assessed the materiality of risks based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of the negative impact such occurrence may cause to the Issuer and the effect on the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations under Notes issued by the Issuer. The Issuer has also taken into account in 
respect of such assessment the principles and outcomes of its internal capital adequacy assessment process. 
In addition, each of the Issuer related risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the 
Notes to be issued or the rights of investors under the Notes to be issued and, as a result, investors could 
lose some or all of their investment.

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
Investors should consider the following specific and material risk factors and in addition all other 
information contained in this Prospectus and consult their own professional advisers prior to any decision 
to purchase Notes issued by the Issuer. 
Investors shall also be aware that there may be additional risks regarding the Issuer which are not regarded 
to be material or of which the Issuer is currently not aware but which may nevertheless affect the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations under Notes issued by the Issuer. It is also possible that risks described herein 
may combine and intensify one another. 
The risk factors are divided into the following categories depending on their nature: 
1.1 
Risks relating to the business of the Issuer 
Concerns related to potential social and political conflicts in BiH and effects of military conflicts between 
Russia and Ukraine which could have destabilizing spill over effects on the Southern-Eastern European 
(SEE) region and may adversely affect the Issuer's business. 
The ongoing war in Ukraine (i.e. Russian invasion) and the sanctions against Russia may have a material 
impact on the economy of Bosnia and Herzegovina ("BiH") through several transition channels. Effects are 
to a large extent unpredictable. Harsh sanctions and warfare between Europe and Russia, countersanctions 
and a general uncertainty in Europe may lead to a drop in investments, causing currency fluctuations, 
increases in interest rates, decreases in the availability of credit, trading, and capital flows. Increasing 
energy prices, also due to sanctions, are likely to entail a substantial rise in inflation and worsen the financial 
situation of companies and households, (e.g. increase of defaults, legal implications, decrease of asset 
prices, effects on net interest margin). Concerns regarding future development of the conflict may adversely 
affect also the BiH economy. 
These and further unforeseen negative effects of the war in Ukraine may have a material adverse effect on 
the European economy and the Issuer's business, prospects, operational results and financial position. 
Possible consequences are substantial downward pressures on GDP growth and jeopardising the stability 
of financial markets. Rising fears of inflationary pressures triggered recent swift changes in the monetary 
policy outlook in the Euro area and other European countries with rising interest rate environment in 2022 
and 2023. The risks the Issuer faces may be exacerbated, and the current developments might adversely 
affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer may experience deterioration in credit quality of its loan portfolio and is exposed to the risk 
of defaults by its counterparties, particularly as a result of rising interest rate risks may lead to financial 
crises or economic downturns. 
The Issuer is, and may in the future continue to be, exposed to the risk that a counterparty (e.g. borrower or 
a market participant contracting with the Issuer) may not repay its loans or perform its obligations according 
to their contractual terms, that the collateral or income stream securing the payment of these loans may be 
insufficient. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk in particular with respect to its lending activities with retail and corporate 
customers, financial institutions, local and central governments, as well as through the valuation of its bond 
portfolio. Historically, credit risk has been higher during periods of economic downturn, such as the 
aftermath of the 2008 global financial crisis or more recently as a result of the outbreak of the COVID-19 
pandemic. Volatile economic conditions and recent rising interest rate outlook may substantially aggravate 
credit risk resulting in an increase of non-performing loans ("NPLs"). Such developments could be 
amplified by increase of market interest rates which would negatively affect the ability of customers to 
repay their float interest rate loans and thus contribute to increased credit risk. In particular with a 
historically low level of market interest rates coming to an end and interest rates increase, the rate of NPLs 
may increase, the provisioning of which would diminish the Issuer's profits and could negatively affect the 
equity and the goodwill of the Issuer. Furthermore, the Issuer's loan portfolio and other financial assets 
might be impaired which might result in a withdrawal of deposits and decreased demand for the Issuer's 
products. 
The real estate market prices have generally shown an upward trend in the last years, especially for 
residential real estate. Collateral values are correlated to the real estate market price development and if the 
market conditions take a turn for the worse, collateral values may be negatively influenced. Market price

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
reductions would lead to a decline of the collateralisation ratio of the existing loan portfolios of the Issuer 
as well as to potential reduced collateral recoveries in case of default of its borrowers. 
Deterioration in the quality of the Issuer's credit portfolio and increases in NPL levels result in increased 
credit risk costs for the Issuer. The Issuer's risk costs are based on, among other things, its analysis of 
probabilities of default and loan management methods and the valuation of underlying assets and expected 
development in available income of clients, as well as other assumptions of the Issuer, made in order to 
determine the credit risk cost as well as the capital requirements for addressing such risk. Although applying 
a conservative credit risk approach and continuous adapting of the credit risk models, the Issuer's analyses 
and assumptions may prove to be inadequate and might result in inaccurate predictions of ongoing or future 
credit performance. 
There can be no assurances that the current provisioning ratio will not increase in the future, or that the 
coverage ratio for the associated risks (including the NPL coverage ratio) will prove to be sufficient. 
Should actual credit risk exceed current estimates on which net allocations to provisioning have been made, 
the Issuer's loan loss provisions could be insufficient to cover losses in very extreme case. This would have 
a material adverse impact on the Issuer's financial position and results of operations and could affect the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer is subject to the risk that liquidity may not be readily available. 
The Issuer relies on customer deposits to meet a substantial portion of its funding requirements. Customer 
deposits are subject to fluctuation due to factors outside the Issuer's control, and the Issuer can provide no 
assurance that it will not experience a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time. A 
significant portion of the Issuer's funding comes from its deposit base; therefore, any material decrease in 
deposits could have a negative impact on the Issuer's liquidity. 
The Issuer is exposed to funding liquidity risk, which is an exposure to additional expenditure arising out 
of a change in the cost of refinancing, or from a spread over a certain horizon or confidence level, or from 
insolvency of counterparties, which may result in difficulties in meeting future payment obligations, either 
in full, on time or on economically beneficial terms. 
Credit and money markets worldwide have experienced and continue to experience a reluctance of banks 
to lend to each other on an unsecured basis because of uncertainty as to the creditworthiness of the 
borrowing bank and increased capital requirements. Even a perception among market participants that a 
financial institution is experiencing greater liquidity risk may cause significant damage to the institution, 
since potential lenders may require additional collateral or other measures that further reduce the financial 
institution's ability to secure funding. If such increase in perceived counterparty risk would happen with 
respect to the Issuer, this would lead to reductions in the Issuer's access to traditional sources of liquidity 
and would be compounded by further regulatory restrictions on funding, liquidity, and capital structures. 
If the Issuer has difficulty securing adequate sources of short- and long-term liquidity or if it were subject 
to material deposit outflows, this could negatively affect the Issuer's ability to comply with the applicable 
regulatory and commercial liquidity requirements and have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. On the BiH market, the monetary policy has been conducted for 
more than 25 years in line with the currency board regime (the "Currency Board Arrangement" or 
"CBA") with fixed Euro vs. local Bosnian Convertible Mark rate (EUR/BAM=1.95583), without any 
available monetary policy tools and measures (key rates, FX market interventions, credit lines with the 
Central Bank of BiH ("CBBH")). In addition, CBBH only has limited policy tools available (only required 
reserve ratio is available) and does not have an instance of "Lender of Last Resort" which is usually 
recognised and available to other central banks in cases of major liquidity crisis. In addition to very strict 
CBA principles of monetary policy in BiH, financial markets are generally underdeveloped (both money 
and capital markets), with no active and liquid money and capital markets, where other banks and also the 
Issuer could tap short- or long-term liquidity in case of rising need.

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
Outbreaks of disease can have a severe and lingering impact on banking operations, the social and 
economic environment, and financial market developments. 
Pandemics, epidemics and outbreaks of infectious diseases, such as the outbreak of the coronavirus (SARS-
CoV-2) and the disease it causes ("COVID-19") can have an unforeseen impact on banking operations, the 
social and economic environment, and financial market developments. 
A protracted uncertainty may include several negative consequences for the Issuer, including but not limited 
to: 
• 
Temporary moratoria on the credit obligations of clients towards the Issuer; 
• 
Economic downturn, shifts in consumer behaviour, diminished business and consumer confidence, 
inflation and market volatility, currency exchange rate fluctuations; and 
• 
Increasing levels of temporary unemployment among the Issuer's customers, which may lead to 
their inability to service their debt obligations towards the Issuer; 
Although the risks decreased in recent periods in the context of the newly developed vaccines, the 
possibility remains for workforce disruptions due to illness or employee refusal to work on-site due to 
perceived risk of contagion. Also there is a potential risk of the new variants of the coronavirus to spread 
and cause disturbances in economic and financial markets functionally. 
Any deterioration of the financial market conditions as a result of such an outbreak of infectious diseases 
might negatively impact the Issuer's liquidity position. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the COVID-19 pandemic has been substantially contained and controlled, 
however the economic impact and supply side disruptions the outbreak caused still pose some uncertainties. 
The COVID-19 pandemic impact in credit risk and assets quality have been mostly recognised in 2021, 
especially in the first half of the year when larger number of defaults was booked. Subsequently, the 
portfolio quality has stabilised on the market and Bank level, and there is no new monthly inflow in defaults 
while the non-performing portfolio has returned to the pre-COVID-19 period. However, as of the date of 
this Prospectus the COVID-19 pandemic has not been fully contained and it still poses some risks for 
economic outlook across the world and Europe. 
The Issuer is subject to operational risks. 
The Issuer's businesses are dependent on the ability to process a very large number of transactions 
efficiently and accurately. Operational risk and losses can arise from inadequate and failed internal 
processes, people and systems, including fraud, errors by employees, failure to document transactions 
properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with the applicable regulatory 
requirements and conduct of business rules, equipment failures, natural disasters or the failure of external 
systems, for example, those of the Issuer's suppliers or counterparties. Although the Issuer is analysing and 
managing operational risk, there is a risk that the Issuer's risk control and loss mitigation actions may not 
be effective in preventing and controlling each of the operational risks. The Issuer may also suffer service 
interruptions from time to time due to failures by third-party service providers and natural disasters, which 
are beyond its control. Such interruptions may affect the services provided to clients. 
The Issuer's operational systems and networks may become vulnerable to an increasing risk of 
continually evolving cyber security or other technological risks. 
A significant portion of the Issuer's operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and 
transmission of confidential and other information as well as the monitoring of a large number of complex 
transactions on a constant basis. The Issuer stores an extensive amount of information (including personal 
data) specific to its clients (natural or legal persons) for its retail, corporate and governmental customers 
and clients and must accurately record and reflect their extensive account transactions. The proper 
functioning of the Issuer's payment systems, financial and sanctions controls, risk management, credit 
analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and other IT systems, as well as the communication 
networks existent between the branches and working points of the Issuer and its main data processing 
centres, is critical to the Issuer's operations. If the respective services cannot be supplied uninterruptedly, 
particularly in the case where updates may be necessary for a proper delivery of new or extended products

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
and services, then these systems might not entirely support the Issuer's activity, as this activity is conditional 
upon the continuous and uninterrupted performance of these systems. 
These activities have been, and will continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of cyber-attacks, the nature 
of which is continually evolving. The financial sector remains an interesting target for cyber criminals, 
there being an increasing level of sophistication in both, criminal and nation state hacking for the purpose 
of stealing money, stealing, destroying or manipulating data and/or disrupting operations. The Issuer's 
computer systems, software and networks may become vulnerable to unauthorised access, loss or 
destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability of service, 
computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber-attacks and other events. These threats may derive from 
human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties or may result from accidental 
technological failure. Third parties with which the Issuer does business under stringent contractual 
agreements may also be sources of cyber security or other technological risks. Unauthorised access, loss or 
destruction of data or other cyber incidents could occur, resulting in similar costs and consequences to the 
Issuer as those discussed above. The risks associated with cyber security and other technological risks might 
generate disruptions that, if persistent, might significantly affect the Issuer's business, prospects, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
The Issuer may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates. 
As the Issuer generates the majority (i.e. around 51.92% as at 31 December 2021) of its operating income 
from net interest income, the risk of adverse interest rate changes is a significant risk to which the Issuer's 
non-traded portfolios are exposed. Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, 
such as inflation, monetary policy outlook of the ECB and the Euro area which is also relevant benchmark 
for BiH interest rate environment due to its pegged currency to EUR and conducting the monetary policy 
of CBBH on the Currency Board Principles. Also, a large portion of funding in the banking system is related 
to EUR money market rates (i.e. changes of Euribor). Interest rates are also sensitive to fiscal policies set 
by the central government of BiH, Federation of BiH and Republic of Srpska, the liberalisation of financial 
services, increased competition, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions. 
Changes in the absolute level of interest rates can affect the spread between the rate of interest that a 
financial institution such as the Issuer pays to borrow funds from its depositors and other lenders and the 
rate of interest that it charges on loans it extends to its customers. To the extent the interest margin 
decreases, net interest income will also decrease, unless the Issuer is able to compensate such decrease by 
increasing the total amount of funds it lends to its customers. An increase in rates charged to customers can 
also negatively impact interest income if it reduces the amount of customer borrowings. For competitive 
reasons, the Issuer may choose to raise rates of interest it pays on deposits without being able to make a 
corresponding increase in the interest rates it charges to its customers. A mismatch in the structure of 
interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period could, in the event of changes in 
interest rates, reduce the Issuer's net interest margin. 
As a result of the above, interest rate fluctuations and decreasing interest rate margins could negatively 
affect the Issuer's net interest income and capital position, resulting in a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect the Issuer's results of operations. 
The majority of the Issuer's assets and liabilities which are denominated in foreign currencies refer to EUR 
while the minority of assets and liabilities is denominated in other foreign currencies. The Issuer therefore 
translates such EUR assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on such assets and liabilities, 
and gains/losses realised upon the sale of such assets, to BAM applying fixed rate for EUR currency (due 
to the Currency Board Arrangement) and for other currency translates applying prevailing exchange rates 
in preparing its financial statements. Therefore, fluctuations in the rate of exchange of such currencies, 
excluding EUR, into BAM may have a negative impact on the Issuer's reported consolidated results of 
operations, financial position, and yearly cash flows only when these are denominated in non-EUR 
currencies. The most material exchange rate risk related to EUR denominated assets and liabilities would 
occur in case of the dissolution of the Currency Board Arrangement or strong devaluation pressures on the 
local EUR/BAM peg (pegged currency).

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
Global conditions may in different ways have a material adverse effect on the Issuer. 
The Issuer is directly and through its clients connected to the global financial system and dependent on 
exchange rates, financial asset prices and liquidity flows. Geopolitical uncertainties may impact financial 
markets, trade and accordingly the Issuer's clients. The current swift increase in interest rate environment 
globally due to unsustainable inflationary pressures and entering into a new era of hawkish monetary policy 
globally, with several planned interest rate hikes in the USA and the Euro area in a short period of time, 
lead to additional volatility in financial markets and interest rate risks globally. Hence, the Issuer might 
continue to face unpredictable moves of monetary policy makers in the context of large economic and 
global geopolitical uncertainties which impact inflation and economic growth. Previous global monetary 
policy might have helped to build significant exaggeration in various asset classes such as equity, housing 
and bonds, and these asset prices could correct swiftly in the current tightening monetary environment, 
which would also affect the Issuer's business results. 
Any suspension, downgrade or withdrawal of the Issuer's credit ratings by an international rating agency 
could have a negative impact on its business. 
Any adverse revisions to the Issuer's credit ratings for domestic or international debt by international rating 
agencies may adversely impact the credit rating of its indebtedness (including the Notes), the Issuer's ability 
to raise additional financing via debt issuances and the interest rates and other commercial terms under 
which such additional financing is available. Any suspension, downgrade or withdrawal of the Issuer's 
credit ratings by an international rating agency could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
liquidity position, competitive position, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Issuer faces intense competition and changes in the market landscape for banking services, which 
could impede the growth of the Issuer's business and may negatively impact the Issuer's revenue and 
profitability. 
The Issuer is in competition with a number of financial institutions, both internationally and locally, 
competition which is expected to intensify further, especially among top tier banks, on the background of 
an ongoing consolidation process in the BiH market. Increased competition may determine a higher attrition 
of the Issuer's current clients and may also limit the Issuer's potential to attract new customers, with a 
potentially adverse impact on the Issuer's revenues and profitability. 
Existing competitors, as well as others that may enter the market in the future, may enjoy certain 
competitive advantages that the Issuer does not, such as having greater economies of scale, larger financial 
and non-financial resources and portfolios, access to more advanced technological and operational 
resources, more comprehensive product offerings in certain business lines, greater personnel resources, 
better brand name recognition and more experience or longer-established relationships with regulatory 
authorities and clients. The majority of the Issuer's main competitors in the banking sector in BiH are part 
of large international financial groups, such as the local subsidiaries of UniCredit Group, NLB Group, 
Intesa SanPaolo Bank and Sparkasse Bank. Some local owned competitors who are gaining market share 
and have different pricing strategies with lower interest rates and fees offer might seem more attractive for 
some institutional and corporate clients which have an established relationship with the respective 
international financial groups in other jurisdictions. Also for the time being. due to large competition and 
large excess liquidity in the market, we have seen very slow increase of the active interest rates compared 
to the EU countries which could lead to Issuer's interest rate revenues, margins and profitability. In addition, 
the local regulator and competent supervising authority in FBiH (that are supervising the Issuer), Federal 
Banking Agency (Agencija za bankarstvo Federacije Bosne i Hercegovine – "FBA"), has introduced a 
temporary "Decision on measures for mitigating the risks of rising interest rates environment" ("Official 
Gazette of FBi&H" Nos 79/2022) for the period of six months (which can be extended) and by this limiting 
increase of active interest rates up to 200 basis points ("bp") on loans of natural persons and legal entities, 
compared to initial cut-off date of 30 June 2022 for the period of six months. The banks can increase the 
interest rates above threshold of 200 bp but with additional cost of provisioning. This new decision on 
measures for mitigating the risks of rising interest rates environment may have an impact on potential 
interest margin of the Issuer and overall profitability of the Issuer. It may be expected that FBA imposes 
further measures for mitigation of inflation and rising interest rates, which measures may have an adverse 
impact on the overall profitability of the Issuer, resulting in a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
The Issuer's market landscape is also evolving, with fintech companies expected to enter the competition 
by offering current accounts, free-of-charge currency exchange, and instant peer-to-peer payments. These 
entities bring to market a completely digital, non-traditional-bank experience, characterised by offering low 
margins and high flexibility in adapting the transactional platform with new benefits. The Issuer's market 
may thus be affected by price competition for existing services and rapid development of new products, 
services and distribution channels. 
The Issuer's market position will also depend on effective marketing initiatives and its ability to anticipate 
and respond to various competitive factors affecting the financial services industry, including new 
electronic channels and services, pricing strategies by competitors, changes in consumer preferences and 
economic, political and social conditions in the market in which it operates. 
Strong competition may lead to increased pressure on the Issuer in connection with pricing for products 
and services offered to clients, which may have an impact on the Issuer's capacity to maintain or increase 
its profitability. The competitiveness of the Issuer in the current environment will depend largely on its 
capacity to adapt quickly to the market's new developments and tendencies. To the extent the Issuer will 
not be able to effectively cope with pressure exerted by competitors, or to the extent the Issuer fails to 
respond to, or effectively anticipate consumer sentiment, this may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
market share, earnings and cost structure and thus, its business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
If the Issuer and the RBI Group do not maintain their reputation for the quality of their service, the 
Issuer's ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers may be harmed. 
Reputational risk is inherent to the Issuer's business activity. The ability to retain customers and to attract 
new customers depends in part on the brand recognition and reputation for the quality of service of both 
the Issuer and the RBI Group (Raiffeisen Bank International AG and its fully consolidated subsidiaries, 
the "RBI Group"). The Issuer's reputation is strongly linked to the reputation of the RBI Group, meaning 
that any objective or perceived negative aspects of RBI Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects could in its turn have an adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation. Negative 
publicity and negative public opinion could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to maintain and attract 
customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and 
prospects. 
The Issuer may be subject to tax liabilities. 
In its business activities, the Issuer is required to pay various taxes and contributions, such as profit tax, 
value added tax, various social contributions and others. While the Issuer believes it has paid its taxes when 
due, interpretation of applicable rules by tax authorities may differ. In practice, tax inspections typically 
result in tax authorities requiring payment of additional amounts as well as interest and/or penalties. 
Generally, the results of tax inspections may be the imposition of material additional amounts on the Issuer 
and this may have a material and adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Hedging measures might prove to be ineffective. When entering into unhedged positions, the Issuer is 
directly exposed to the risk of changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or prices of financial 
instruments. 
The Issuer may utilise a range of instruments and strategies to hedge risks. Unforeseen market 
developments may have a significant impact on the effectiveness of hedging measures. If hedging measures 
prove to be not effective, the Issuer may incur losses. In a worst-case scenario, an originally hedged position 
may become an unhedged position due to counterparty's default. In addition, the Issuer assumes open, i.e. 
unhedged, positions with respect to interest rates, foreign exchange and financial instruments either in the 
expectation that favourable market movements may result in profits or it considers certain positions cannot 
be hedged effectively or at all. These open positions are subject to the risk that changes in interest rates, 
foreign exchange rates or the prices of financial instruments may result in significant losses.

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
The Issuer may lose key employees and/or fail to attract new talent. 
Business continuity largely depends on overall capability of the Issuer to attract and retain key talent. 
Additional risk is associated with the high demand on financial institutions to change and adopt to digital 
business models while in parallel maintaining full functionality and high operational stability with a robust 
operating model. In such circumstances, the banking industry may prove comparatively unattractive and 
may not be able to attract and retain talent with competitive skills. If the Issuer for any of these reasons 
would be unable to ensure a stable workforce with the requisite skills and talents or had to report a 
significant increase in attrition rate, it would expose the Issuer to risk and would have an adverse effect on 
its business and operations. 
1.2 
Economic and political risks 
The political situation in BiH is continuously unstable and may have significant impact on the Issuer 
and its business. Therefore, the activities of the Issuer and its customers are subject to material 
uncertainty in the following years. 
The recent history of BiH has been turbulent and includes war and situations that have been economically 
challenging in the past. Bosnia and Herzegovina (BiH), in accordance with the Dayton Peace Agreement 
(1995), is comprised of two entities and one district– Republic of Srpska ("RS"), Federation of Bosnia and 
Herzegovina ("FBiH") and Brčko District ("BD") each of which has a large degree of autonomy. The two 
entities RS and FBiH have their own parliament, government, and banking regulator with extensive 
mandates. However, the separation of jurisdictions between the entity level and the state level is rather 
unclear, although substantial progress have been done in the harmonisation of the banking regulation 
between two entity regulators which is why BiH received the "Third Equivalency Status Country" related 
to banking sector regulation (the first sector aligned with the EU Regulation) in July 2021. Also, major laws 
related to tax and economic environment have been harmonised to large extent between two entities of BiH. 
The legal system and system of governance of Bosnia and Herzegovina on the state level as well as on the 
entities level is complex, often untested, and sometimes unstable. 
In October 2021, the Republic of Srpska, acting through its legally elected political representatives and the 
National Assembly of RS (NSRS), initiated the unconstitutional (declared as such by the Constitutional 
Court of BiH) procedure of withdrawing its participation at BiH level and establishing the entity level 
institutions in the area of the Armed Forces, the Indirect Tax Authority, and the High Judicial and 
Prosecutorial Council and the State property. These actions of the National Assembly and political leaders 
of RS triggered the deepest political crisis in BiH since the Dayton Peace Agreement. However, these 
actions triggered international reaction and sanctions by the US and the UK for responsible individuals in 
RS and all other politicians in the country who were undermining BiH and its constitution or were connected 
to corruption activities. Further, the High Representative of International Community, Mr. Schmidt used so 
called "Bonn Authorities", to dismiss some of the unconstitutional laws of RS. 
The latest political crisis has stabilised in the second half of 2022 after a series of visits of high-ranked 
EU and the US politicians and diplomats mediating in the country between the key political players. 
After the elections held on 2 October 2022, the country was granted the official EU candidacy country 
status on 15 December 2022 which could provide some stabilisation and speeding up of the EU reforms 
pace and cooperation with the EU. However, a high political and institutional uncertainties in BiH still 
represent a high risk and could continuously undermine operating and economic environment of the country 
which could affect the Issuer's business performance. 
Political tensions which may disrupt the multilateral debt flows, international financial institutions' lending 
to BiH and its entities, economic growth prospects, and countries' and entities' credit rating downgrade may 
continue in the coming years. Such events might adversely impact the business and financial position of 
the Issuer and its ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
There is high uncertainty regarding the impact of the war in Ukraine, the escalation of political and 
economic tensions between NATO and Russia and the development of the COVID-19 pandemic in the 
near future. The short and long-term consequences the war in Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic 
have on the economy and on society are still uncertain. Therefore, the activities of the Issuer and its 
customers are subject to material uncertainty in the following years. 
The war in Ukraine with the direct involvement of Russia and the indirect involvement of NATO could 
escalate beyond the territory of Ukraine into a conflict that transcends the frame of political and economic 
conflict between nuclear powers. 
The reduction of production and the cessation of trade between the involved sides in the conflict has led to 
increased volatility in the prices of energy, raw materials and intermediate products exported from areas 
affected by military operations or economic sanctions and may remain volatile and unpredictable. 
Uncertainty related to the war on European soil results in uncertainty of economic growth and the business 
environment of the Issuer. Uncertainties associated with the disruption of availability of certain imported 
commodities traded between two warring parties and the resulting increase in price volatility also fuel 
supply-side inflation and limit the determination of appropriate business strategies for both the Issuer and 
its clients. 
The further development of the COVID-19 pandemic and effect of vaccination programmes is still 
uncertain, including the risk of new variants. Uncertainty related to the development of COVID-19 
pandemics results in uncertainty of economic recovery (timing, amplitude) and the business environment 
of the Issuer. 
The COVID-19 pandemic is likely to result in structural changes regarding both the economy and society 
more broadly such as increased digitalisation and remote working and changes in the structure of global 
value-added chains, including an accelerated transition to the green economy. Uncertainties related to such 
structural changes as to the timing and amplitude exacerbate the determination of suitable business 
strategies for both for the Issuer and its customers. 
Both, the war in Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic could have a long-lasting negative impact on some 
economic activities, resulting in increased losses on exposures to the relevant sectors. 
The recent spike in worldwide inflation triggered a rapid and persistent increase in interest rates which 
could have a negative impact on the economy, financial position of debtors and market value of securities, 
and thus on the profitability and capital position of the Issuer. On the other hand, a persistence in the low 
interest rate environment in case of another economic downturn caused by the war in Ukraine could also 
have a negative impact on the profitability of the Issuer. 
Any downgrade of credit ratings of BiH by an international rating agency could have a negative impact 
on the Issuer. 
Any adverse revisions to credit ratings of BiH for domestic or international debt by these or similar 
international rating agencies may materially adversely impact the Issuer's credit rating, its ability to raise 
additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms under which such additional 
financing is available. This could hamper the Issuer's ability to obtain financing, which could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, liquidity position, competitive position, prospects, results of 
operations and financial condition. The failure of the fiscal consolidation process or major political 
disruption or secessionist decision for RS's parallel institution making in areas of state taxes, judiciary and 
property could trigger a downgrade of sovereign rating of BiH to a non-investment grade category, making 
external funding of the country even more difficult and more expensive. This would lead to further increases 
of interest rates in the local market and have a negative impact on the economic growth, lowering demand 
for loans and capacity of debtors to repay their debt. Revenues of the Issuer would be negatively impacted 
by a downgrade of sovereign rating to non-investment category.

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
The economy of BiH is more vulnerable to fluctuations in the global economy than developed markets. 
The Issuer may thus be adversely affected by unfavourable conditions in the global economy or volatile 
equity and credit markets, in particular due to the uncertainty caused by the war in Ukraine and the 
COVID-19 pandemic. 
The performance of the economy of BiH depends to a large extent on the European economy and financial 
markets due its large trade linkages (i.e. more than 70% of exports are constantly directed toward the EU) 
and pegged currency EUR/BAM and taking the EUR interest rates as a reference rates due to non-
functionality of the local money and capital markets. Increased global political instability, caused above all 
by the war in Ukraine and the threat of a military conflict between Russia and NATO, trade controversies 
and warfare, the COVID-19 pandemic and its still visible impact on the global economy, slowdown of 
economic growth at the level of global economy, the availability and cost of credit and episodes of market 
turbulences could have an adverse impact on both developed and emerging countries, such as BiH. 
The impact of global economic developments historically is often felt more strongly in emerging markets, 
such as BiH, than it is in more mature markets. Many emerging economies are less economically developed 
and rely to a large extent on external demand and on foreign borrowing. As happened in the past, financial 
problems or an increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies could lead 
the BiH economy to face severe liquidity constraints, causing, among other things, raises in tax rates or 
imposition of new taxes. Negative developments in, or the general weakness of, the economy of BiH, in 
particular persistently high levels of unemployment, may have a direct negative impact on the debt servicing 
capabilities of the Issuer's customers. The Issuer can provide no assurances that a deterioration of the 
economy of BiH will not lead to a higher number of defaulting customers. Therefore, a weak economy and 
negative economic development may jeopardise the Issuer's growth targets and may have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
As is typical of emerging markets, BiH does not possess the full business, legal and regulatory infrastructure 
that would generally exist in more mature free market economies. In addition, different levels of decision-
making levels (state, entities and cantons) have a strong influence on the economy, the electorate and 
current political leaders are reluctant to structural reforms and election cycles shorten the political horizon. 
The performance of the economy of BiH remains largely dependent upon the developments in the European 
economy, equity and credit markets, as well as effectiveness of economic, fiscal, financial and banking 
sector measures undertaken by its government, together with tax, legal, regulatory, and political 
developments. Any potential Issuer's failure to manage the risks associated with its business in emerging 
markets could have a material adverse effect on its business, reputation, operational results and financial 
position. 
1.3 
Risks relating to legal and regulatory matters and litigation 
The Issuer is subject to substantial regulation and supervision. Any new governmental or regulatory 
requirement and/or any change in perceived levels of adequate capitalisation and leverage could subject 
the Issuer to increased capital requirements and require the Issuer to obtain additional capital or 
liquidity in the future. 
The Issuer has to comply with complex regulatory requirements at all times, which are in particular complex 
due to very differing legal system on state and entities level. Such requirements may in the future evolve 
and become more extensive and stricter. Compliance with such requirements, including the ongoing 
monitoring and implementation of new or amended rules and regulations, causes significant costs and effort 
for the Issuer. Any (actual or even only alleged) breach of such requirements may result in major regulatory 
measures and may trigger considerable legal and reputational risks. Any legislative or regulatory actions 
and any required changes to the business operations of the Issuer resulting from changes to applicable 
regulation, as well as any deficiencies in the Issuer's compliance with applicable regulation, could result in 
significant loss of revenue, limit the Issuer's ability to pursue business opportunities in which it might 
otherwise consider engaging, affect the value of assets that it holds, require the Issuer to increase the prices 
for its services (and thereby adversely impact the demand for its products and services), impose additional 
compliance and other costs on the Issuer or otherwise adversely affect its business. 
BiH is not an EU member state, and thus the EU regulation (such as CRR) does not apply fully in BiH nor 
is there an obligation to implement the EU directives (such as BRRD and CRD). However, BiH is in the 
process of accession to the EU as of 2016. In this process, BiH is committed to further harmonise its

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
legislation with the EU legislation. The legislation harmonisation process is ongoing and even though 
certain EU banking related regulation is implemented in local laws such implementation is not complete 
and fully harmonised with EU legislation. 
The legal framework for restructuring and recovering of the Issuer based on the BRRD (as defined below) 
is incorporated in BiH legislation through the Law on Banks ("Official Gazette FBiH" No. 27 as of 
12 April 2017) (as amended from time to time, the "Law on Banks"), but the adoption of by-laws is still 
ongoing. To that end and having in mind that BiH is not part of the EU, the BRRD is not fully and 
completely incorporated in BiH legislation. Recovery plans are subject to a regular supervisory review and 
evaluation process assessment by the FBA as the competent supervising authority in FBiH. In line with the 
BiH legislation, the Bank is listed as systemically important, and thus the Bank is expected to draw up a 
comprehensive recovery plan and revise it regularly, at least on an annual basis. Also, the FBA, on the basis 
of the Law on Banks and methodologies for assessing the criticality of the functions performed by the Bank 
in the local market, regularly assesses the impact of the interruption of the Bank's business on financial 
stability and the real sector of BiH, and in accordance with its methodology makes a decision on the 
preferred strategy for the Bank in the event of initiation of restructuring. Also, the FBA informs the Bank 
on an annual basis about the preferred strategy and the amount of the MREL gap that should be supported 
in order to achieve the preferred restructuring strategy. 
Also, amendments to the laws on payment transactions in the FBiH and RS have entered into force, with 
bylaws pending before the amendments can be implemented. 
More generally, the risk of non-compliance with different legal and regulatory requirements and any 
adverse changes thereto, may potentially negatively affect the Issuer's current business model, internal 
policies and results, this risk being particularly relevant for the Issuer. 
Any non-compliance or failure to address these issues properly, could lead to additional legal risks and 
financial losses, as a result of regulatory fines or reprimands, litigations, or reputational damage, and in 
extreme scenarios, to the suspension of operations or even withdrawal of the Issuer's authorisation to pursue 
business. Additional regulations or changes in the applicable laws, could add significant costs or operational 
constraints that may have a negative impact on the Issuer's business, financial condition and prospects. 
Applicable accounting rules in FBiH to which the Issuer is subject to in its reporting are not fully 
compliant with IFRS-9. 
In order to have unified accounting and regulatory treatment of financial assets on the market of FBiH, the 
FBA adopted a decision on credit risk management and determination of expected credit losses ("Official 
Gazette" Nos 44/19) (as amended from time to time, "Accounting Decision"). The Accounting Decision is 
mostly compliant with IFRS-9 (International Financial Reporting Standard as published by the International 
Accounting Standards Board covering the measurement of financial instruments, asset impairment and 
hedge accounting hereinafter "IFRS-9") and it prescribes the minimum requirements, while banks may 
apply stricter requirements. 
Compared to the IFRS-9 requirements, minimum requirements of the Accounting Decision differ, inter 
alia, in the following parts: 
(i) determination of expected credit losses – the Accounting Decision prescribes application of 
minimum rates of value adjustments for each credit risk level; 
(ii) recognition of interest income on non-performing loan portfolio – the Accounting Decision 
prescribes that recognition of such income in profit and loss account shall be deferred until such 
time when they have been recovered due to the consideration that there is uncertainty in the 
recovery of interest income. The banks shall keep records of such interest claims until their 
recovery;

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
(iii) internal (accounting) write-off – in accordance with the Accounting Decision requirements, banks 
should: a) perform accounting write-off of an on-balance sheet exposure two years after the bank 
accounted for expected credit losses in the amount of 100% of gross carrying value of such 
exposure and declared it fully matured, save for the exposures under financial leasing; and b) keep 
detailed records of the exposures for which it performed accounting write-off and all activities it 
has undertaken to recover the claims, which shall be available for the purposes of internal and 
external controls, i.e. supervision of the bank; 
(iv) in the case that the bank fails to sell the foreclosed assets within three years from the date of their 
initial recognition in the bank's books, it shall reduce their value to BAM 1. 
More generally, the Law on Accounting and Auditing in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and its 
respective bylaws are not fully aligned with the IFRS principles, with differences as explained above. 
Investors should consult, when making any investment decision, with respect to any Notes, their own 
independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks that may occur due to the 
differences between local accounting principles and International Financial Reporting Standards adopted 
by the European Union ("IFRS"). 
The Issuer may be subject to fines, awards of damages or other penalties arising from legal proceedings, 
contractual claims and disputes, as well as negative publicity arising therefrom. 
In the context of its day-to-day operations the Issuer is exposed to litigation risk, among others, as a result 
of changing and developing consumer protection legislation and legislation on the provision of banking and 
investment services. 
In addition, the Issuer may be adversely affected by other claims (contractual or otherwise), complaints and 
litigation, including from counterparties with whom it has contractual relationships, customers, competitors 
or regulatory authorities, as well as any adverse publicity that it may attract. Any such litigation, complaints, 
contractual claims, or adverse publicity could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
Handling customer personal data represents a significant part of the Issuer's daily activity, and a leakage 
of such data might violate the applicable laws and regulations. 
The Issuer accumulates, stores and uses in its operations data which are protected by data protection laws. 
Although the Issuer takes precautions to protect customer data in accordance with the applicable privacy 
requirements, it is possible that there may be data leakages in the future. In addition, the Issuer works with 
service providers or third-parties' commercial partners, who may not fully comply with the relevant 
contractual terms and all data protection obligations imposed on them. 
Therefore, should any violations of data protection laws be identified to have been committed by the Issuer, 
they may result in fines, claims for damages, prosecution of relevant employees and managers, reputational 
damage and loss of customers and may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, prospects, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Applicable insolvency and bankruptcy laws in BiH, as well as other laws and regulations governing 
creditors' rights may limit the Issuer's ability to obtain payments on defaulted loans and advances. 
The BiH bankruptcy and enforcement laws may not offer in all respect the same level of rights, remedies 
and protections that creditors enjoy under the legal regimes in the EU jurisdictions. In particular, BiH 
bankruptcy and enforcement laws and practice may make it comparatively more difficult and time-
consuming for the Issuer to recover amounts in respect of its secured and unsecured claims before the courts 
of BiH. Inability to obtain effective legal remedies in a reasonably timely manner may adversely affect the 
Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or prospects. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, insolvency and bankruptcy laws of BiH, as well as other laws and 
regulations governing creditors' rights, inter alia, include as amended from time to time: 
• 
Law on Banks FBiH ("Official Gazette of FBiH" 27/17); 
• 
Law on Banks RS ("Official Gazette of RS" 4/17, 19/18 and 54/19);

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
• 
Law on prevention of money laundering and financing terrorist activities ("Official Gazette BiH" 
47/2014 and 46/2016); 
• 
Law on protection of users of financial services FBiH ("Official Gazette FBiH" No. 31/2014); 
• 
Law on protection of consumers BiH ("Official Gazette BiH" 25/2006, 88/2015); 
• 
Insolvency Law FBiH ("Official Gazette FBiH", 53/2021); 
• 
Insolvency Law RS ("Official Gazette RS", 16/2016); 
• 
Liquidation proceeding law FBiH ("Official Gazette FBiH", 29/ 2003); 
• 
Liquidation proceeding law RS ("Official Gazette RS", 82/2019); 
• 
Securities market's law of FBiH ("Official Gazette FBiH", No. 85/ 2008, 109/12,86/15, 25/17); and 
• 
Securities market's law of RS ("Official Gazette of RS" 92/2006, 34/2009, 30/2012, 59/2013, 
86/2013 - 4/2017, 63/2021 and 11/2022). 
More generally, the risk of non-compliance with different legal and regulatory requirements and any 
adverse changes thereto, may potentially negatively affect the Issuer's current business model, internal 
policies and results, this risk being particularly relevant for the Issuer. 
Any non-compliance or failure to address these issues properly, could lead to additional legal risks and 
financial losses, as a result of regulatory fines or reprimands, litigations, or reputational damage, and in 
extreme scenarios, to the suspension of operations or even withdrawal of authorisation to pursue business. 
Additional regulations or changes in the applicable laws could add significant costs or operational 
constraints that may have a negative impact on the Issuer's business, financial condition and prospects. 
Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing and anti-corruption rules involve 
significant costs and efforts and non-compliance may have severe legal and reputational consequences 
for the Issuer. 
The Issuer is subject to rules and regulations regarding anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing. 
These rules and regulations have been tightened in recent years. Monitoring compliance with anti-money 
laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules can result in a significant financial burden on banks and other 
financial institutions and can pose significant technical problems. The Issuer cannot guarantee that it is in 
compliance with all applicable anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules at all times or that 
its group-wide anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing standards are being consistently applied 
by its employees in all circumstances. Any violation of anti-money laundering or anti-terrorism financing 
rules, or even alleged violations, may have severe legal, monetary and reputational consequences and could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity 
or prospects. 
The Issuer is also subject to rules regarding anti-corruption. Monitoring compliance with anti-corruption 
rules can result in a significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions such as the Issuer 
and can pose significant technical problems. The Issuer cannot guarantee that it is in compliance with all 
applicable anti-corruption rules at all times or that its group-wide anti-corruption standards are being 
consistently applied by its employees in all circumstances. Any violation of anti-corruption rules, or even 
alleged violations, may have severe legal, monetary and reputational consequences and could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or 
prospects. 
The legal and judicial system in BiH is less familiar with investments in securities, such as the Notes, 
than other European countries, which makes an investment in the Notes riskier than investments in 
securities of an issuer that operates in a more developed legal and judicial system. 
The legal and judicial system in BiH is less familiar with investments in securities such as the Notes than 
those of other European countries. Commercial law, competition law, securities law, company law, 
bankruptcy law and other areas of law are relatively new as such to local judges. At the same time, such 
legal provisions have been and continue to be subject to constant changes as new laws are being adopted

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
as to the transition to a market economy and EU legislation. Existing laws and regulations may be applied 
inconsistently in BiH or may be interpreted in an unexpected manner. Further, a degree of uncertainty exists 
that legal remedies can be obtained in a timely manner in BiH. The relatively limited experience of a 
significant number of the competent governmental authorities, specifically with regard to capital markets 
issues and the existence of a number of issues relating to the independence of the judiciary system may lead 
to ungrounded decisions or to decisions based on considerations that are not grounded in the law. In 
addition, the processing of legal remedies may at times involve extensive delays. The court system in BiH 
is insufficiently funded relative to other European countries. The enforcement of judgments may also prove 
difficult and be subject to delays, especially where such judgments may lead to closure of businesses or job 
losses. This lack of legal certainty and the inability to obtain effective legal remedies in a timely manner 
may adversely affect the Issuer's business and may also make it difficult for investors in the Notes to enforce 
their claims against the Issuer. 
1.4 
Other material risks relating to the Issuer 
Failure to properly handle potential conflicts of interest of members of the Issuer's executive bodies 
could have negative effects on the Issuer. 
Members of the Issuer's Management Board and Supervisory Board may serve on management or 
supervisory boards of other companies (other than a member of RBI Group), customers of and investors in 
the Issuer which may also compete directly or indirectly with the Issuer. Holding directorships of that kind 
may expose such persons to potential conflicts of interest if the Issuer maintains active business relations 
with the said companies. Failure to properly manage potential conflicts of interest of such persons could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial position and results of operations. 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
2.1 
Risks relating to all Notes 
Holders of the Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The relevant resolution authorities are provided with uniform and effective resolution tools and resolution 
powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall 
exercise the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also called 
"loss absorbing cascade"): (i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments; (iv) subordinated 
debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; and (v) the rest of bail-in able liabilities (including the Notes) in 
accordance with the order of the payment of claims in normal insolvency proceedings to the extent required. 
If the bail-in tool is applied to the Issuer, the principal amount of the Notes may be fully or partially written 
down or converted into instruments of ownership, although claims of other creditors of the Issuer might not 
be affected. 
The normal insolvency proceedings banks in Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina entails the proceedings 
for compulsory liquidation of banks (prisilna likvidacija banka) and insolvency (stečaj) pursuant to the 
Law on Banks, as well as the Insolvency Act of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Zakon o Stečaju) 
("Official Gazette FBiH" No. 53/21). In that respect, the ranking of claims in compulsory liquidation of 
banks (prisilna likvidacija banka) and insolvency of banks provided by Article 227 of the Law on Banks 
does not provide for a clear and exact ranking of claims with respect to Eligible Notes.  
In general, the ranking of the Eligible Notes is not explicitly stated in the relevant legislation in Bosnia and 
Herzegovina, and thus, in particular having in mind underdeveloped capital markets environment in Bosnia 
and Herzegovina, there is a risk that Bosnia and Herzegovina competent authorities (i.e. liquidator or 
insolvency administrator, insolvency judge and/or FBA) may determine the ranking of the Eligible Notes 
in a different ranking than one provided in § 3 of the Terms and Conditions of Eligible Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, certain deposits and other claims (including in respect of the Notes 
other senior claims) have a higher ranking than claims resulting from the Notes.  
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and normal insolvency proceedings (i.e., compulsory liquidation (prisilna 
likvidacija)) is or insolvency proceedings (stečaj) initiated, the Issuer will be required to meet its obligations 
to all its senior-ranking creditors in full before it can make any payments on any Notes pursuant to the 
ranking of claims described below. 
According to Article 227 of the Law on Banks, in both, compulsory liquidation and an insolvency (stečaj) 
of the Bank in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the following order of priority of claims would 
apply: 
1. obligations towards secured creditors, up to the value of secured amount,  
2. debts of the Bank on the basis of loans granted to the Bank or other expenses of the Bank incurred 
during the procedure of the external manager, restructuring procedure, bank liquidation proceedings 
and bankruptcy proceedings, in accordance with this law,  
3. claims of employees arising from employment relationship for the last 12 months up to the date of 
opening of the liquidation proceedings, and in the amount of the lowest gross amount wages 
calculated according to the General Collective Agreement for the territory of Federation of Bosnia 
and Herzegovina (Opći kolektivni ugovor za teritoriju Federacije Bosne i Herzegovine), as well as 
claims of employees based on compensation for damages for injuries at work and family members 
of employee who died at the work place, which are paid in full,  
4. insured deposits or claims of the Deposit Insurance Agency (Agencija za osiguranje depozita) for 
compensation of paid deposits up to the amount defined in accordance with regulations governing 
deposit insurance in banks and costs incurred by the Deposit Insurance Agency (Agencija za 
osiguranje depozita) in the process of payment of these deposits,  
5. other deposits and excluded deposits according to regulations on deposit insurance in banks,  
6. claims of other creditors who are not shareholders of the Bank,  
7. claims of owners of subordinated debt,  
8. claims of owners of priority shares, 
9. claims of owners of ordinary shares. 
Any interest accrued upon opening of compulsory liquidation shall be settled only after all the priority 
claims above have been settled.  
Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Eligible Notes shall in a compulsory liquidation (prisilna likvidacija) or 
an insolvency (stečaj) of the Issuer rank with all other ordinary claims against the Issuer except the ones 
classified in higher payment ranks (i.e., Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Eligible Notes shall rank under 
point 6. above). In the event of a compulsory liquidation (prisilna likvidacija) or an insolvency (stečaj), the 
Issuer will therefore be required to pay the holders of claims listed under points 1. through 5. in full before 
it can make any payments on any Ordinary Senior Notes and Eligible Notes.  
The ranking of claims in compulsory liquidation or insolvency of banks (stečaj) provided by Article 227 of 
the Law on Banks does not provide for a clear and exact ranking of claims with respect to Ordinary Senior 
Notes and Senior Eligible Notes, nor a clear and exact ranking of claims with respect to Eligible Notes. 
Holders of the Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue further debt instruments or incur 
further liabilities. 
There may be no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of debt or other liabilities that the 
Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, ranking pari passu with the Ordinary Senior Notes 
or ranking pari passu with or senior to the Eligible Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring such liabilities may reduce the amount recoverable by 
Holders of the Notes upon the Issuer's normal insolvency proceedings (i.e., compulsory liquidation (prisilna 
likvidacija)). 
Where Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer, the Notes may be redeemed early 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes 
are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances or at any time (in the case of Eligible 
Notes, subject to the prior consent of the relevant authority, if such consent is then required by the Capital 
Regulations), the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be 
relatively low or in other circumstances favourable to the Issuer. In such circumstances an investor may not 
be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as 
that of the relevant Notes. 
Any decision by the Issuer as to whether it will exercise its option to redeem the Notes will be taken at the 
absolute discretion of the Issuer with regard to factors such as, but not limited to, the economic impact of 
exercising such option to redeem the Notes, any tax consequences, the regulatory capital requirements and 
the prevailing market conditions. Holders should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial 
risks of an investment in the Notes until maturity. 
2.2 
Risks specifically relating to Eligible Notes 
The Eligible Notes do not give the right to accelerate future payments, and also may not be subject to 
set-off or any guarantee. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Eligible Notes do not provide for any events of default and the Holders 
of the Eligible Notes do not have the right to accelerate any future scheduled payment of interest or 
principal. 
Furthermore, the Eligible Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine 
their capacity to absorb losses in resolution and are neither secured nor subject to a guarantee or any other 
arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Eligible Notes. 
The Eligible Notes may be redeemed at any time for reasons of taxation or regulatory reasons. 
If such right is provided in the Conditions, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, redeem the Eligible Notes 
before their stated maturity, at any time, either for taxation or regulatory reasons. In addition, if such right 
is foreseen in the Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole discretion redeem the Eligible Notes before their 
stated maturity on a specified call redemption date.  
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market 
value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
In the case of any redemption, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security with a rate of return that is as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
2.3 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes 
Liquidity risk. 
Application for the Programme has been made in order for any Notes to be issued under the Programme to 
be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to be traded on the Regulated Market 
"Bourse de Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and application may be made to admit the 
Notes on any other stock exchange. Notes may however not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes 
are listed or not, there can be no assurance that any liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop. 
Further, the Notes could trade at prices that may be higher or lower than the initial offering price depending 
on several factors, including prevailing interest rates, the Issuer's operating results, the market for similar 
securities and other factors, including general economic conditions, performance and prospects, as well as 
recommendations of securities analysts. The liquidity of, and the trading market for, the Notes may also be

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
adversely affected by declines in the market for debt securities generally. Such a decline may affect any 
liquidity and trading of the Notes independent of the Issuer's financial performance and prospects. 
The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted 
Notes. If the Notes are not listed on any stock exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, 
be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an 
investor might not be able to sell its Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes 
might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. Further, the listing of any Notes on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or the Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange may, dependent on the circumstances of an 
individual case, be suspended or discontinued.  
Investors should note that difficult global credit market conditions and interest rate outlook may adversely 
affect the liquidity not only in the primary market but also in the secondary market for debt securities issued 
by the Issuer and may affect the liquidity of any primary or secondary market in which Notes to be issued 
by the Issuer may be traded. The Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will change. 
Market price risk. 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of levels of the 
current market interest rate on the capital market for issues of the same maturity ("Market Interest Rate"), 
development of an underlying, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates, 
interest rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Holders are therefore 
exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if the 
Holder sells the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If the Holder decides to hold the Notes until 
final maturity the Notes shall be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Holders of Fixed Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result 
of changes in the Market Interest Rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the 
capital market typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of Fixed 
Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of 
Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest 
Rate of comparable issues. If the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, 
until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate of comparable issues. If 
Holders of Fixed Rate Notes hold such Notes until maturity, changes in the Market Interest Rate are without 
relevance to such Holders as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the 
principal amount of such Notes. 
Holders of Floating Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability 
of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate 
should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any 
Notes. 
Currency risk. 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange 
rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various 
factors such as macroeconomic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and 
governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the local currency of a Holder, for example, will 
result in a corresponding change in the local currency value of Notes denominated in a currency other than 
the local currency and a corresponding change in the local currency value of interest and principal payments 
made in a currency other than in the local currency in accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the 
underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the local currency correspondingly rises, the price of the 
Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed in the local currency 
falls.

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
The payments in relation to the Notes may be subject to Bosnian and Herzegovinian rules on payments in 
foreign currencies where as a result payments in relation to the Notes may need to be effected in the local 
currency thus exposing the investors to exchange rate and inflation risk. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
2.4 
Risks relating to the specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Certain benchmark rates may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
The EURIBOR and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be 
benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. The Benchmark Regulation could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
"benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial Notes and contracts in the euro area. On 
13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new €STR as the new 
risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. On 
18 March 2021 the ECB announced its intention to start publishing compounded average €STR rates on 
15 April 2021. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark 
Regulation, it is currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and 
beyond 2025. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating 
Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to 
reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such 
benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market 
for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published 
(or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility 
that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such 
successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes 
may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined 
in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Finally, under the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, the European Commission was also granted powers 
to designate a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of 
an EU Member State (such as the Notes), where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. 
There can be no assurance, that the fallback provisions of the Notes would be considered suitable. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that any Notes linked or referencing a Benchmark would be transitioned to a 
replacement Benchmark selected by the European Commission. There is no certainty at this stage what any 
such replacement Benchmark would be. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference 
rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate in 
the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In particular, market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SOFR, including 
term SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SOFR 
rate over a designated term). The continued development of SOFR rates as an interest reference rate for the 
Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SOFR based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
The use of SOFR as a reference rate for the Notes continues to develop both in terms of the substance of 
the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading 
of bonds referencing SOFR. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR 
methodologies have been used in SOFR linked notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that any 
particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will 
gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future 
issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with 
the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such 
as the derivatives or SOFR and loan markets. Holders should carefully consider how any mismatch between 
the adoption of SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing SOFR. 
SOFR differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects and has a limited history. 
SOFR differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that SOFR is a backwards-looking, 
compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term 
and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR 
and SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR 
is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform 
differently over time to LIBOR which is an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began 
on April 3, 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SOFR in their current form began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The 
future performance of SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
level of SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to 
SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, the rate of interest is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant applicable 
period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Holders to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based notes, if the Notes become 
due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under § 10 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed 
early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue 
SOFR. 
The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or 
other changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which 
SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing 
related to the publication of SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on 
the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Holders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR. 
Fixed to Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. 
Fixed to Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes bear 
interest at a rate that converts from one fixed rate to more fixed rate(s) or from one or more fixed rate(s) to 
a floating rate. Such conversion may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes. The 
spread on the Fixed to Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Fixed or Floating Rate Notes 
relating to the same reference rate. In addition, the new fixed or floating rate at any time may be lower than 
the interest rates payable on other Notes. 
Risks related to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 
Since the Terms and Conditions of Notes issued under the Programme provide for meetings of Holders of 
a series of Notes or the taking of votes without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes may be 
amended (as proposed or agreed by the Issuer) by majority resolution of the Holders of such Notes and any 
such majority resolution will be binding on all Holders. Any Holder is therefore subject to the risk that its 
rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant series of Notes are amended, 
reduced or even cancelled by a majority resolution of the Holders. Any such majority resolution will even 
be binding on Holders who have declared their claims arising under the Notes due and payable based on 
the occurrence of an event of default but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the 
amendment taking effect. According to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG"), the relevant majority for Holders' resolutions is generally based 
on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. Therefore, 
any such resolution may effectively be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. 
Under the SchVG, an initial common representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) of the Holders (the "Holders' 
Representative") may be appointed in the Terms and Conditions.  
However, no initial Holders' Representative might be appointed in the Terms and Conditions at the issue 
date. Any appointment of a Holders' Representative at a later stage will, therefore, require a majority 
resolution of the Holders of the Notes. If the appointment of a Holders' Representative is delayed, this may 
make it more difficult for Holders to take collective action to enforce their rights under the Notes. 
If a Holders' Representative is appointed by majority decision of the Holders it is possible that Holders may 
be deprived of their individual right to pursue and enforce their rights under the Terms and Conditions

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
against the Issuer, if such right was passed to the Holders' Representative by majority vote who is then 
exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate if, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the 
Notes due and payable shall become effective only when the Paying Agent has received such default notices 
from Holders representing at least 25 per cent of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. Under 
the SchVG, even if a default notice is given by a sufficient number of Holders, it could be rescinded by 
majority resolution within three months. A simple majority of votes would be sufficient for a resolution on 
the rescission of such acceleration but, in any case, more Holders would have to consent to a rescission 
than have delivered default notices. Holders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able to 
accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required quorum of 
Holders with respect to the Notes delivers default notices and such acceleration is not rescinded by majority 
resolution of the Holders. 
2.5 
Other material risks relating to the Notes 
Federation of Bosnian and Herzegovinian resolution regime and loss absorption at the point of non-
viability 
Law on Banks  
The Issuer is subject to resolution regime stipulated in the Law on Banks and relevant Decisions of the FBA 
thereunder (in particular, including but not limited to the Decision on MREL requirements ("Official 
Gazette FBiH" No. 26/18) ("MREL Decision")) and the following: 
• 
Decision on procedure and manner of performing write down or conversion of capital instruments 
and liabilities of a bank ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on establishment, conditions, and manner of issuance consent for asset management 
company ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on conditions and manner for conducting independent valuation of assets and liabilities 
of the bank before and during resolution proceedings of the bank ("Official Gazette of the 
Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on business reorganisation plan for a bank ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH", 
No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on types of financial collateral arrangements and financial instruments to which 
protective measures for counterparties shall apply ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH", 
No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on establishing a bridge bank ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on resolvability assessment of bank and banking group ("Official Gazette of the 
Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on sale of shares, assets, rights, and liabilities of bank in resolution ("Official Gazette of 
the Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on Capital Adequacy ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on data and information delivered to the FBiH banking agency for purpose of developing 
and updating restructuring plans of banks and banking groups ("Official Gazette of the Federation 
of BiH", No. 44/19); and 
• 
Decision on conditions and manner for execution of supervision and measures with the goal to 
execute powers from the bank restructuring ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH"; 
No. 54/20); 
hereinafter all aforementioned decisions, as amended from time to time, are referred to as "FBA Decisions". 
As Bosnia and Herzegovina is in the process of harmonisation with the European legislation, that develops

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
in parallel with the accession process in the EU, certain EU legislation has been implemented in the 
legislation of Bosnia and Herzegovina but not necessarily to a full and complete extent. Directive 
2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms (as amended, the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") is not fully applicable as 
the implementation in the Law on Banks and the FBA Decisions is not completely executed in line with 
the EU framework. 
Further, Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund 
(the "SRM Regulation"), is not applicable in Bosnia and Herzegovina. 
In line with the Law on Banks and the FBA Decisions, the FBA is considered as the competent resolution 
authority in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The FBA has resolution powers over the banks 
incorporated and operating in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and subject to the Law on Banks. 
The FBA prepares and updates (adopts) a resolution plan for the banks subject to its powers, including the 
Issuer. It also determines, a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities subject to write-
down and conversion powers which the Issuer is required to meet at all times (see "Minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL)" below). 
The powers granted to the FBA under the Law on Banks include, among others, resolution tools (unutrašnje 
restruktiranje), a separate resolution tool, the "bail-in tool", which give the relevant resolution authority the 
power to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities. The 
bail-in tool can be used to recapitalise an institution that is failing or likely to fail, allowing authorities to 
restructure it through the resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. 
In particular, the FBA may, pursuant to Articles 203 and 208 of the Law on Banks as well as under the 
FBA Decisions decide to write down the nominal value of the Notes in order to cover the losses of the 
Issuer and to recapitalise it up to the level determined by the FBA as the resolution authority. The FBA 
may decide to write down the nominal value of the Notes in order to cover the losses of other credit 
institutions belonging to the Issuer and their financial subsidiaries and to recapitalise them up to the level 
determined by the FBA as the resolution authority, if the Issuer as a whole is entered into resolution pursuant 
to the Law on Banks. 
In addition to the resolution tools (unutrašnje restruktuiranje), the powers granted to the FBA under the 
Law on Banks and the FBA Decisions include the following resolution tools: (i) to direct the sale of the 
relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms without requiring the 
consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, 
(ii) to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a "bridge bank" (banka za 
posebne namjene) (a publicly controlled entity) and (iii) to transfer the assets of the relevant financial 
institution to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. 
Any application of the "bail-in" power shall be in accordance with the provisions stated in the Law on 
Banks and the FBA Decisions. 
The resolution tools are intended to be used prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings with 
respect to the relevant bank could have been initiated and only upon the FBA being satisfied that the 
relevant conditions for resolution contained in the Law on Banks have been met. 
The exercise of any resolution power or any suggestion of any such exercise could materially adversely 
affect the value of any Notes and could lead to Holders losing some or all of the value of their investment 
in the Notes. In particular, the exercise of the bail-in tool pursuant to the Law on Banks and the FBA 
Decisions in respect of the Issuer and the Notes or any suggestion of any such exercise could materially 
adversely affect the rights of the Holders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and could lead to Holders losing some or all 
of the value of their investment in such Notes.  
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) 
The Law on Banks and the MREL Decision introduced the requirement for banks to meet the MREL 
(minimalni zahtjevi za kapitalom i prihvatljivim obavezama) designed to ensure sufficient loss absorbing 
capacity to enable the continuity of critical functions without recourse to public funds. Institutions must 
meet an individual MREL requirement calculated as a percentage of total liabilities and own funds and set 
by the relevant resolution authorities which is the FBA in the case of the Issuer. In March 2022, the FBA

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
adopted the Methodology for determination of MREL based on the Law on Banks and the MREL Decision 
("Official Gazette FBiH" No 26/22). 
Items eligible for inclusion in MREL will include a bank's own funds (within the meaning of Law on Banks 
and Decision on capital adequacy ("Official Gazette FBiH"; No. 81/17,50/19, and 37/20) (Odluka o 
izračunavanju kapitala banke)), along with "eligible liabilities," meaning liabilities which, among other 
things, are issued and fully paid up, have a maturity of at least one year (or do not give the investor a right 
to repayment within one year), and do not arise from derivatives or insured deposits. 
As it is difficult to predict the effect MREL requirements may have on the Issuer until MREL has been 
fully implemented, there is a risk that the requirements of MREL could require the Issuer to issue additional 
eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL in order to meet the new requirements within the required 
timeframes and to hold additional funds and/or eligible liabilities in order to satisfy the MREL requirements 
set for the Issuer. Such actions may increase its compliance costs, delay, limit or restrict the execution of 
the Issuer's strategy and may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's capital structure as well as on its 
business, financial condition and results of operations. MREL requirements are expected to have an impact 
across the market including a potentially adverse effect on the credit rating of the securities issued by the 
Issuer (including the Notes issued by the Issuer) and its competitors, and there is a risk that the relative 
impact may give rise to a reduction in the competitiveness of the Issuer. If the Issuer were to experience 
difficulties in raising MREL, it may have to reduce its lending or investments in other operations. 
The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution 
The powers set out in the Law on Banks in FBiH and the FBA Decisions will impact how FBiH based 
banks are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors.  
There remains uncertainty regarding how the applicable resolution legislation will affect the Issuer and the 
Notes. The resolution authority can decide to write down the nominal value of the Notes and convert them 
into shares of the Issuer in order to absorb losses of the Issuer, if the Issuer is entered into resolution. The 
exercise of any power under the Law on Banks and the FBA Decisions or any suggestion of, or perception 
of there being an increased likelihood of, such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of 
Holders, the price or value of the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the 
Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own adviser(s) as to the possible 
consequences of the Law on Banks and the FBA Decisions (see "Bosnia and Herzegovina resolution regime 
and loss absorption at the point of non-viability" above). 
 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation under the Notes is limited 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of any Series of Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under such 
Notes and not to payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, final 
redemption amount, early redemption amount, optional redemption amount and any other amount (other 
than interest) which may from time to time be payable in respect of such Notes). 
As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of any Series of 
Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction should become applicable to payments of principal. 
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any 
Series of Notes, holders of such Notes would, upon repayment or redemption of such Notes, be entitled to 
receive only the net amount of such redemption or repayment proceeds after deduction of the amount 
required to be withheld. Therefore, holders may receive less than the full amount due under such Notes, 
and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected as a result. 
Notes issued as ESG Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, may not meet investor expectations or 
requirements 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, a Social Bond or a Sustainability Bond 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of net proceeds, such as a green bond, social bond or 
sustainability bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment 
criteria of an investor. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes to finance or re-finance Eligible 
Loans. The Issuer has established a Sustainability Bond Framework which further specifies the eligibility

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
criteria for such Eligible Loans based on the ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles. The Sustainability Bond 
Framework and the Second Party Opinion (as defined below) can be accessed on the website of the Issuer 
(www.raiffeisenbank.ba). For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustainability Bond Framework nor the 
content of the website or any Second Party Opinion (as defined below) or any other document related 
thereto are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the 
Sustainability Bond Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. 
Compliance with future voluntary or regulatory initiatives 
Due to the intention to apply the proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche of Notes to finance or re-
finance Eligible Loans, the Issuer may refer to such Notes as "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainable 
bonds". There is currently no clearly defined term (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus 
as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "green", "social", "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled 
project. It is an area which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary 
and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. Even if such 
voluntary or regulatory initiatives should arrive at a definition of "green", "social", "sustainable" they are 
not necessarily meant to apply to the Notes nor will the Issuer necessarily seek compliance for any of the 
Notes with all or some of such rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies or objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
18 June 2020 (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation"), which was published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 22 June 2020 and entered into force on 12 July 2020, defined six environmental 
objectives and established a framework to facilitate sustainable investment in the European Union. The 
Taxonomy Regulation tasked the European Commission with establishing the actual list of environmentally 
sustainable activities by defining technical screening criteria for each environmental objective through 
delegated acts. A first delegated act on sustainable activities for climate change adaption and mitigation 
objectives was approved in principle on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021. 
A complementary second delegated act builds on the commitments already made and was formally adopted 
on 9 March 2022. The EU Taxonomy Regulation sets mandatory requirements on disclosure for companies 
and financial institution and forms the basis for a future European standard for green bonds proposed by 
the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance in 2019 (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). 
A legislative proposal for the EU Green Bond Standard was published by the European Commission on 
6 July 2021. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the envisaged use of proceeds of 
relevant Notes by the Issuer for any Eligible Loans in accordance with the Sustainability Bond Framework 
will satisfy, either in whole or in part, (i) any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements or 
standards such as the EU Green Bond Standard, or (ii) any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments 
are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of 
or related to, the relevant Eligible Loans. Further, no assurance or representation is or can be given by the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the reporting under the Sustainability Bond Framework will meet 
investor needs or expectations. 
Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, 
sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the Issuer's Sustainability Bond 
Framework may (or may not) be modified in the future to adapt any update that may be made to the 
ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles and/or the EU Green Bond Standard. Such changes may have a negative 
impact on the market value and the liquidity of the Notes issued prior to the amendment.

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds 
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any relevant Notes for 
Eligible Loans in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Sustainability Bond Framework. However, there can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Dealers or any other person that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Loans will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be disbursed in whole or in part for such Eligible 
Loans. Neither can there be any assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that 
such Eligible Loans will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or that any 
adverse environmental and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loans. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have undertaken, 
nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible Loans or the application, impact or monitoring 
of the use of proceeds of the relevant Notes. 
(i) Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so or (ii) any failure to provide or publish any reporting 
or any (impact) assessment, or (iii) any failure to obtain any certification or label (or the withdrawal of any 
such certification or label or of the Second Party Opinion (as defined below)), or (iv) any Eligible Loans 
ceasing to be classed as such prior to maturity of the relevant Notes, or (v) the fact that the maturity of an 
Eligible Asset may not match the minimum duration of the Notes, will not (a) constitute an event or default 
under the Notes or (b) give the Holders the right to otherwise early terminate and demand redemption of 
the Notes. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of relevant Notes will be made from the Issuer's general funds 
and will not be directly linked to the performance of any Eligible Loans (or any other environmental or 
similar targets set by the Issuer). 
Second Party Opinion 
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the second party opinion dated 25 November 2022 issued by 
Morningstar Sustainalytics in relation to the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework or any other opinion 
or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Loans to fulfil any environmental, 
social, sustainability and/or other criteria (each a "Second Party Opinion"). Any such Second Party 
Opinion may not address risks that may affect the value of any Notes issued under the Sustainability Bond 
Framework or any Eligible Loans against which the Issuer may assign the proceeds of any Notes. 
Any such Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations 
and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including 
without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Any such 
Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Any such Second Party Opinion is 
not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. Any such Second Party Opinion is only current as of the date that 
opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) at any 
time. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second Party Opinion 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such Second Party Opinion for the purpose 
of any investment in any Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. There can be no assurance that Holders will have any recourse against the 
provider(s) of any Second Party Opinion. 
Listing of Notes on dedicated stock exchange segments or platforms or inclusion in dedicated indices 
In the event that any Series of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Green Exchange 
or any other dedicated "ESG", "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-
labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated) or included in any 
index so labelled, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing, admission or inclusion satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which 
any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing,

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
admission to trading or inclusion in any index may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or 
any other person that any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any index will be obtained in 
respect of any Series of Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any 
index will be maintained during the life of that Series of Notes. 
Eligible Notes may be labelled as ESG Bonds and are subject to the applicable regulatory treatment of 
Eligible Notes 
Eligible Notes may be issued as ESG Bonds meaning they are issued on the terms and conditions applicable 
to Eligible Notes as set out in this Prospectus and completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
ESG Bonds are intended to qualify as eligible liabilities for the purposes of, and in accordance with the 
eligibility criteria and requirements of the Law on Banks and the FBA Decisions. Therefore, the ESG Bonds 
will be fully subject to the application of the FBA Decisions eligibility criteria and Law on Banks 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and will be subject to the bail-in tool and 
conversion powers and, in general, to the powers that may be exercised by the Resolution Authority, to the 
same extent and with the same ranking as any other equivalent Notes which are not ESG Bonds - see 
"Holders of the Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption", "In case of an insolvency of the 
Issuer, certain deposits and other claims (including in respect of the Notes other senior claims) have a 
higher ranking than claims resulting from the Notes" and " Bosnian and Herzegovinian resolution regime 
and loss absorption at the point of non-viability" above. As such, the Issuer's obligations under any ESG 
Bonds will be fully available to cover any and all losses arising on the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless 
of their "green", "sustainability", "social" or other similar label and of whether the losses stem from Eligible 
Loans, "green", "sustainability", "social" assets or other assets of the Issuer without any such label. 
ESG Bonds are not linked to the performance of the Eligible Loans, do not benefit from any arrangements 
to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual rights derived solely from the intended use of 
proceeds of such Notes 
The performance of the ESG Bonds is not linked to the performance of the relevant Eligible Loans or the 
performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no segregation 
of assets and liabilities in respect of the ESG Bonds and the Eligible Loans. Consequently, neither payments 
of principal and/or interest on the ESG Bonds nor any rights of Holders shall depend on the performance 
of the relevant Eligible Loans or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such environmental or 
similar targets. Holders of any ESG Bonds shall have no preferential rights or priority against the assets of 
any Eligible Loans nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes. 
Summary of potential implications for Holders 
Any of the risks mentioned above and in particular (i) the non-compliance of the Notes with any future 
voluntary or regulatory standard for sustainable instruments, (ii) a failure to apply an amount equivalent to 
the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Loans, (iii) the withdrawal of any Second Party Opinion, 
(iv) the Notes ceasing to be listed, admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market 
or included in any dedicated index, or (v) bail-in or resolution measures may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
or refinance similar Eligible Loans and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular 
Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions of the relevant Notes will result from the choice of a 
set of Terms and Conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") (each such set of Terms and Conditions an 
"Option") as set forth below and from the provisions of the Final Terms, as set out and described in more 
detail below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
This Prospectus provides for various sets of Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms enable the Issuer to 
choose among the following Options: 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Ordinary Senior Notes. 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Eligible Notes. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
The Final Terms shall determine by the choice of the set of Terms and Conditions (Option I or Option II) 
and the complete replication of all applicable selections and the completion of the relevant placeholders 
contained in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, which Option and which selections shall be 
applicable to the individual issue of Notes. The replicated and completed provisions of the respective 
Option plus Part II of the Final Terms shall constitute the Conditions of the Notes, which will be attached 
to each Global Note representing the Notes. 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which set of Terms and Conditions (Option I or Option II) 
shall be applicable and which selections within the chosen Option are applicable to the individual issue by 
only referring to the specific sections of the relevant Option. The Final Terms will then specify that the 
provisions of Part I of the Form of Final Terms and the relevant Option, taken together with Part II of the 
Form of the Final Terms, shall constitute the Conditions. Each Global Note representing the tranche of the 
respective Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this 
Prospectus attached. 
Choice of Options 
The Final Terms shall determine in the first step which of Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the 
individual issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also 
certain further sub-options (characterised by indicating the optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out in the square brackets within the text of the relevant Option) as well as 
placeholders (characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) which, based on the 
features determined for the concrete issue, will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of selections 
The Issuer will determine which selections will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating 
the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the sections of the relevant 
Option. If the Final Terms do not replicate or refer to an alternative or optional provision the relevant 
provisions shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant Option will be 
completed. In case of replication of the applicable provisions the placeholders will be completed at the 
relevant place in the respective Option. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant Option, 
taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant Option shall be deemed to be completed by the 
information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such 
provisions.

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets and not chosen in the 
relevant Option and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted 
from the Conditions. 
Deletion of Options and Placeholders in the Final Terms 
When preparing the Final Terms the Issuer may, in the case that the Final Terms together with the relevant 
Option represent the Conditions, delete not chosen or filled in placeholders or, as the case may be, 
provisions that are not applicable for reasons of readability. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form 
appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code."

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, either by complete replication of all applicable 
selections and the completion of the relevant placeholders contained in the Terms and Conditions or as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Global Note issued under the Programme. 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member 
State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Prospectus. Subject to 
this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche 
of Notes may complete any information in this Prospectus. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for two 
options: 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes which are 
Ordinary Senior Notes. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Eligible Notes. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further sub options, which 
are characterised accordingly by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out in square brackets within the Option. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of Option I or Option II including certain further 
sub-options contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect to an individual issue of Notes, 
either by replicating the relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
To the extent that upon the approval of this Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge of certain items 
which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus contains placeholders set out in 
square brackets which include the relevant items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
[In case the options applicable to an individual issue are to be determined by referring in the Final 
Terms to the relevant options contained in the set of Terms and Conditions for Option I or Option II, 
insert: 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the terms of the final 
terms which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; 
alternative or optional provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which the corresponding 
provisions of the Final Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from these 
Terms and Conditions; and all provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the 
Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to 
be deleted from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. 
Copies of the Final Terms may be obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and 
at the registered office of the Issuer provided that, in the case of Notes which are not listed on any stock 
exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available to Holders of such Notes.]

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ORDINARY SENIOR NOTES 
OPTION I - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
FOR 
ORDINARY SENIOR NOTES 
§ 1 
DEFINITIONS 
"Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System [if the 
Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: [as well as] the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) or any 
successor/replacement system ("TARGET")] [is] [are] operational [if the Specified Currency is not 
EUR or if needed for other reasons, insert: [and] commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in [all relevant financial centres]]. 
"Clearing System" means each of Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, ("CBL") and Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear are each an 
"ICSD" (International Central Securities Depositary) and together the "ICSDs"). 
"Conditions" means these terms and conditions of the Notes. 
"Holder" means any holder of a co-ownership interest or other beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [[[second] [insert other applicable number of days]] 
Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end]1 of the relevant Interest Period.] [first day of the 
relevant Interest Period.] [[●] Business Day[s] prior to [the expiry] [the [Floating] Coupon Date] of the 
relevant Interest Period.] 
"Reference Interest Rate" means the offered quotation for the [number]-month [EURIBOR] [SOFR] 
which appears on the Screen Page as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([insert relevant time 
zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day]. 
"Screen Page" means [REUTERS Screen Page [EURIBOR01] [insert Screen Page and additional 
information if necessary] or each successor page].] 
[For EURIBOR, insert: 
If – other than in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined below) – the Screen Page is not available 
or if no such quotation appears as at such time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Interest Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Reference Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards) of such offered quotations [, however at least 0.00 per cent per annum], all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Reference Interest Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated at the request of the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
 
1 In case of SOFR interest determination in arrear, the Interest Determination Date shall not be less than five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Coupon Date.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the Euro-Zone[, however at least 
0.00 per cent per annum]. 
If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions the 
Issuer will determine the Reference Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period at its equitable discretion 
according to § 317 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") and also having regard 
to the operational requirements of the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent 
of any determination made by it under these Conditions. 
"Reference Banks" means the offices of not less than [four] [insert other number] major banks in the 
Euro-Zone. 
Reference Interest Rate replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. If (i) a public statement or 
information has been published by the competent administrator of the Reference Interest Rate to the 
effect that the Reference Interest Rate has ceased to be representative or is no longer an industry-accepted 
rate for debt market instruments such as the Notes, or comparable instruments, (ii) a public statement or 
information has been published to the effect that the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
commences the orderly wind-down of the Reference Interest Rate or ceases the calculation and 
publication of the Reference Interest Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
publication of such statement or information, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Reference Interest Rate (iii) the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate becomes 
insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceedings (affecting the 
administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority, 
(iv) the competent authority for the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate withdraws or suspends 
the authorisation pursuant to Article 35 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmark 
Regulation") or the recognition pursuant to Article 32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or requires the 
cessation of the endorsement pursuant to Article 33(6) of the Benchmarks Regulation, provided that, at 
the time of the withdrawal or suspension or the cessation of endorsement, there is no successor 
administrator that continues to provide the Reference Interest Rate and its administrator commences the 
orderly wind-down of the Reference Interest Rate or ceases to provide the Reference Interest Rate or 
certain maturities or certain currencies for which the Reference Interest Rate is calculated permanently 
or indefinitely; or (v) the Reference Interest Rate is otherwise discontinued or it becomes unlawful for 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference Interest Rate for any other reason (each of the 
events in (i) through (v) a "Discontinuation Event"), the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced, on 
each relevant Interest Determination Date, by a rate determined or procured, as the case may be, by the 
Issuer (the "Successor Reference Interest Rate") according to the following paragraphs in the order of 
I)-III): 
I) 
The Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is determined by 
any applicable law or regulation or announced by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, the 
competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the Reference 
Interest Rate and the source of which is accessible to the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall thereafter 
inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and, 
subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14. [If, on any previous Interest 
Determination Date, the Successor Reference Interest Rate was also determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph I), no [other] publication obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with 
such Successor Reference Rate or any adjustments or changes made in relation thereto or relating to the 
determination of the [Rate of Interest] [or] [the] [Interest Amount] as set out below;] 
II) 
An Independent Adviser will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor 
reference rate that is most comparable to the Reference Interest Rate, provided that if the Independent 
Adviser determines that there is an industry accepted reference rate as being most comparable to the 
Reference Interest Rate, then the Independent Adviser will use such reference rate as successor reference 
rate (the "Successor Reference Rate") and determine which screen page or source shall be used in 
connection with such Successor Reference Rate (the "Successor Screen Page"). Provided that such 
Successor Screen Page is accessible to the Calculation Agent, any reference to the Screen Page herein 
shall from the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate on be read as a reference to the 
Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The 
Independent Adviser will notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
Interest Determination Date about such determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders of 
the Notes in accordance with § 14. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Interest Rate with a Successor Reference 
Interest Rate in accordance with the above provisions I) or II) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may specify (i) an interest adjustment factor or fraction or spread (to 
be added or subtracted) which shall be applied to the Successor Reference Interest Rate, for the purpose 
of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the Reference Interest Rate 
before the Discontinuation Event occurred, and (ii) any further changes necessary for determining the 
Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest Amount in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Reference Interest Rate (such as the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day Convention, 
Business Days, the Interest Determination Dates, the method of calculating the Interest Amount). 
Thereafter, the Issuer shall inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14 (other than in 
the case set out in paragraph I) above). 
III) 
If the source of the successor rate for the Reference Interest Rate determined in accordance with 
the above provision I) or the Successor Screen Page determined in accordance with the above provision 
II) is not accessible to the Calculation Agent or if the Independent Adviser fails to determine the 
Successor Reference Rate at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and to notify the 
Calculation Agent or in the event that the Issuer, having used reasonable endeavours, fails to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or the period to determine a Successor Reference Interest Rate according to the 
provisions above was not sufficient, the Issuer will decide in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) 
and not less than 3 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the "Procedures Determination Date"): 
[a)] 
that the Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered quotation for the Reference Interest Rate 
which appeared on the Screen Page on the last day preceding the relevant Interest Determination Date 
on which such quotations were offered and shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance 
with § 14[.][; or 
b) 
redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, by giving not less than 20 days' notice in accordance 
with § 14, at the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption Amount] (as defined below pursuant to 
§ 6), together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such early redemption. 
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment 
Date] following the Procedures Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption Amount]. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the Reference Interest Rate applicable from the last [Coupon 
Date] [Interest Payment Date] prior to the redemption date until (but excluding) the redemption date 
shall be the Reference Interest Rate applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period.] 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international standing or an 
independent financial adviser with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal 
Reserve's website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If SOFR is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time and, (1) unless the Issuer has 
confirmed to the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, this SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
applies for which SOFR was published on the Screen Page; or (2) if the Issuer has confirmed to the 
Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was notified to the Calculation 
Agent by the Issuer as being the rate that was recommended as the replacement for the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other designated administrator), 
provided that, if no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as having been 
recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if (i) references to SOFR were references to OBFR, 
(ii) references to U.S. Government Securities Business Day were references to New York Business Day, 
(iii) references to SOFR Index Cessation Event were references to OBFR Index Cessation Event and 
(iv) references to SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to OBFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date; and provided further that, if no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by 
the Issuer as having been so recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date and an OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date has occurred, then 
the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if (x) references to SOFR were references to FOMC Target Rate, (y) 
references to U.S. Government Securities Business Day were references to New York Business Day and 
(z) references to the Screen Page were references to the Federal Reserve's Website. 
Where: 
"FOMC Target Rate" means, the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market 
Committee and published on the Federal Reserve's Website or, if the Federal Open Market Committee 
does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal 
Open Market Committee and published on the Federal Reserve's Website (calculated as the arithmetic 
average of the upper bound of the target range and the lower bound of the target range). 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
"OBFR", means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the daily Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate in respect of the New York Business Day immediately preceding such Interest Determination Date 
as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator) on the New York Fed's Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Interest 
Determination Date. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date 
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate), ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
the OBFR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish 
or provide OBFR; or

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of 
OBFR that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap 
transactions. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, the date 
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate), ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity prohibiting the use of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, 
including existing swap transactions.] 
§ 2 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, ISSUE DATE, FORM, CUSTODY 
(1) 
Currency – Denomination – Issue Date. This Series of notes (the "Notes") of Raiffeisen BANK 
d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina (the "Issuer") is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the "Issue Date") in 
[insert Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [aggregate 
principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the denomination of [insert 
Specified Denomination2] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form. 
(a) 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(b) 
Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" or the "Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be signed by 
duly authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note to be exchanged for 
a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(b) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange – Permanent Global Note. 
(i) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" and, together 
with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" and, each a "Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by duly authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive 
notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
2 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000 at the time of the trade date of the Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
(ii) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date not 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be 
made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions 
or certain persons holding Notes through such financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as 
a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 2(2). Any 
securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the 
United States. For purposes of this subparagraph, "United States" means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, 
the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands).] 
(3) 
Custody. The Global Note will be kept in safe keeping by or on behalf of the Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
[In the case that the Global Note is an NGN, insert: The Notes are issued in New Global Note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in safe keeping by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's 
interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by ICSD stating the principal 
amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
ICSD at that time. For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial early redemption of the 
Notes, the outstanding redemption amount will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a 
nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs. 
On any redemption in respect of, or purchase by or on behalf of the Issuer and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the Global Note details of such redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) shall be entered by or on behalf of the Issuer in the records of the ICSDs.] 
[In the case that the Global Note is a CGN, insert: The Notes are issued in Classical Global Note 
("CGN") form and are kept in safe keeping by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
§ 3 
STATUS 
Status Ordinary Senior Notes. The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking in the event of insolvency (stečaj) of the Issuer pari 
passu among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated instruments or 
obligations of the Issuer except for any instruments or obligations preferred or subordinated by law.  
§ 4 
INTEREST 
[In case of Fixed Rate Notes, insert: 
(1) 
Rate of Interest, Interest Period[s]. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest based on their principal amount during the Interest Period[s] from 
(and including) [insert interest commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Maturity Date (as defined in§ 6(1))]. 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [first] Interest Payment Date][Maturity Date] [and thereafter from 
(and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: the next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period, insert: next following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
The rate of interest is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent per annum (the "Rate of Interest"). 
(2) 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert 
Coupon Date(s)] in each year (each such date a "Coupon Date").] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon 
Date] (the "Coupon Date").] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert 
last Coupon Date].] 
"Interest Payment Date" means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
This may fall on a Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls 
on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out 
in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of short/long Interest Periods, insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended].] The [first Coupon Date is: [●]] [last Coupon Date is: [●]].] 
(3) 
Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below).] 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
(1) 
Interest Period[s], Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest based on their principal amount during the Interest Period[s] from 
(and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1))]. 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [first] Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [and thereafter from 
(and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: the next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period, insert: the next following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity 
Date].] 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
Coupon Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear on 
[the] [each] Interest Payment Date. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] [in 
each year] (each such date a "Coupon Date").] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the "Coupon 
Date").] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert 
last Coupon Date].] 
(c)  
Interest Payment Date[s]. "Interest Payment Date" means such Business Day, on which the 
interest is in fact due and payable. This may fall on the Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated 
Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application 
of the adjustment provision as set out in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention).

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
[In the case of short/long Interest Period, insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended].] The [first Coupon Date is: [insert first Coupon Date] [("First Coupon Date")]] [last 
Coupon Date is: [insert last Coupon Date] [("Last Coupon Date")]].] 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for [the][each] Interest Period will 
be, except as provided below,  
[For EURIBOR, insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate [, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00 per cent per 
annum, a Reference Interest Rate of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied,] [in case of multiplication 
with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a 
Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily SOFR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with the formula below on the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) [, whereby a 
Compounded Daily SOFR of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied, should such Compounded Daily 
SOFR be below 0.00 per cent per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied 
by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate per annum. 
The Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Interest Rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation 
Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in such Applicable Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(provided that "p" shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days without the prior 
written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Interest Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where 
lag is specified as the Observation Method: the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i".][otherwise: the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i".]]] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for floating interest: 
[In the case of short/long first Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the First Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of short/long last Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Last Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)] 
["Factor" means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest 
Period] as [+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
["Margin" means [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] [●] [for the [●] Interest Period] [●]] [insert 
further].] 
[In case a minimum rate of interest applies, insert: [(3)] Minimum Rate of Interest: If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] (Floor).] 
[In case a maximum rate of interest applies, insert: [(4)] Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert maximum rate of interest] (Cap).] 
[(5)] 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount 
of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period. The relevant 
Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction to [the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes] [the Specified Denomination] and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded 
upwards.

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
[(6)] 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest, the Interest Amount for each Floating 
Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the [[second] [●] Business Day prior to 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period] [first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert other 
date], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. 
Each Interest Amount and each Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the 
Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange and to the Holders as soon as 
possible in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest, the Interest Amount for each Floating 
Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than [4 Business Days prior to the expiry of 
the relevant Interest Period] [[the second] [●] Business Day prior to the [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment 
Date] of the [relevant] Interest Period], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof.]] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for interest: 
[(7)] 
Accrual of Interest and Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest 
shall accrue on the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes from (and including) the due date to (but 
excluding) the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by law.3  
[(8)]  
Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount 
of interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined below) 
during which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation Period will be the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such 
Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
 
3 
According to paragraphs 288(1) and 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB"), the default rate of interest 
established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank semi-annually.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the Calculation 
Period will be the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination 
Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year]. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any year to but 
excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, 
then such dates in the alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) (Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30/360 
or Bond Basis).] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month) (30E/360 or Eurobond Basis).] 
[If 360/360, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with twelve 30-day months (360/360).]]

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of principal, interest and any Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 8(1)), in respect of the Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System.  
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note to be exchanged for 
a Permanent Global Note, insert: Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global 
Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in § 2(2)(b).] 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the freely negotiable and convertible currency 
which on the respective due date is the currency of the country of the Specified Currency. 
(3) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws. All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of § 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of § 8 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
[In the case of Notes not denominated in Euro, insert: 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the respective Payment Business Day is not available 
to it in such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons beyond its control or that the Specified 
Currency or any successor currency to it provided for by law (the "Successor Currency") is no longer 
used for the settlement of international financial transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment 
obligations by making such payment in Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the respective 
Payment Business Day on the basis of the Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled to 
further interest or any other payment as a result thereof. The "Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be, (i) if 
available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for the Specified Currency or the Successor Currency 
determined and published by the European Central Bank for the most recent practicable date falling 
within a reasonable period (as determined by the Issuer in its equitable discretion) prior to the day on 
which the payment is made or, (ii) if such rate is not available, the foreign exchange rate of the Specified 
Currency or the Successor Currency against the Euro as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion.] 
(4) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(5) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day, then the payability and actual payment date depend on the Business Day 
Convention as applicable according to subparagraph (6). The Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place. Irrespective of the provisions regarding the Interest Period, 
the Holder shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
"Payment Business Day" means any day which is a Business Day. 
(6) 
Business Day Convention. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note would 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be 
[if Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the immediately preceding Business Day.]

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
[if FRN Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
§ 6 
REDEMPTION 
(1) 
Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [in case of a specified 
Maturity Date, insert such Maturity Date] [in case of a Redemption Month, insert: the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [insert Redemption Month and Redemption Year]] (the "Maturity Date"). 
(2) 
Final Redemption Amount. 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at their principal amount insert: 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be equal to its principal amount.] 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount other than the principal amount insert: 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be [insert currency] [insert amount 
greater than or equal to the principal amount] for each Note.] 
(3) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
(a) 
The Notes may be declared repayable, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon 
not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, 
pursuant to § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below) together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption (but 
excluding) if as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Bosnia and 
Herzegovina or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations (including relevant court decision), which amendment or change 
is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the Issuer is 
required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 8(1)) on the immediately succeeding Interest 
Payment Date, and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the 
Issuer. 
(b) 
However, such early redemption may not occur (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. [In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: The date fixed for early 
redemption must be an Interest Payment Date.] 
(c) 
Any such notice for early redemption shall be given to the Fiscal Agent and pursuant to § 14 
(Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders. It shall be irrevocable and must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and the Early Redemption Amount. 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole or in part, upon giving not more than [60][●] 
[Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30][●] [Business Days'] [days'] notice in accordance with 
§ 6 [(4)(f)], on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the Call Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together 
with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the [respective] Call Redemption Date.

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
(b) 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder, insert: The Issuer is not 
entitled to exercise such option in respect of any Note which is subject to the prior exercise of the Holder's 
option to redeem such Note pursuant to § 6[(5)].] 
(c) 
"Call Redemption Date[s]" means [insert Call Redemption Date[s]]. 
(d) 
"Call Redemption Amount[s]" means [insert Call Redemption Amount[s] and corresponding 
Call Redemption Date[s]]. 
(e) 
[In case of a minimum Call Redemption Amount or an increased Call Redemption Amount, 
insert: The Notes have to be redeemed at [their principal amount] [an amount which is at least equal to 
[insert minimum Call Redemption Amount][insert increased Call Redemption Amount]] per Note.] 
(f) 
Any notice of early redemption of the Notes shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and 
pursuant to § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders and shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes that is to be redeemed; 
(ii) 
a statement as to whether the Series is redeemed in whole or in part and in the latter case the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Date[s]; and 
(iv) 
the Call Redemption Amount at which the Notes are redeemed.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder insert: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder. 
(a) 
Each Holder has the right to claim an early redemption of the Notes in whole or in part on the 
Optional Early Redemption Date[s] at the Optional Early Redemption Amount[s], together with any 
interest accrued until the Optional Early Redemption Date (excluding). 
(b) 
The Holder is not entitled to exercise such option in respect of any Note which is subject to the 
prior exercise of the Issuer's option to redeem such Note pursuant to § 6[(4)]. 
After a legally effective exercise of the relevant option by the Holder pursuant to sub-paragraph (e), the 
Issuer has to redeem the Notes on the Optional Early Redemption Date[s] at the Optional Early 
Redemption Amount[s], together with any interest accrued until the Optional Early Redemption Date[s] 
(excluding). 
(c) 
Optional Early Redemption Date[s]. "Optional Early Redemption Date[s]" means [insert 
Optional Early Redemption Date[s]]. 
(d) 
Optional Early Redemption Amount[s]. "Optional Early Redemption Amount[s]" means 
[insert Optional Early Redemption Amount[s] and corresponding Optional Early Redemption 
Date[s]]. 
(e) 
To exercise this option, the Holder shall notify the Fiscal Agent about the exercise of the option 
by way of notification in text form ("Exercise Notification") not less than [insert minimum notification 
period of at least 5 Business Days] and not more than [insert maximum notification period] days after 
the day on which the redemption shall occur according to the Exercise Notification. If the Exercise 
Notification is received on the last day of the notice period before the Optional Early Redemption Date 
after 5:00 p.m. Sarajevo time, the exercise of the option is not effective. The Exercise Notification has 
to specify: (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Notes regarding which the option is exercised and 
(ii) the security identification numbers of such Notes. The form in the English language available at the 
offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent may be used for the purpose of the Exercise 
Notification. The exercise of the option is irrevocable. The Notes regarding which the option was 
exercised, will only be redeemed against delivery of the relevant Notes to the Issuer or its order.]

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
[If Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder insert: 
[(6)] No Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder. The Holders do not have a right to demand an 
early redemption of the Notes.] 
[(7)] Early Redemption Amount. 
The Early Redemption Amount of a Note is equal to [the Final Redemption Amount pursuant to 
§ 6(2)][insert other amount/rate] (the "Early Redemption Amount"). 
§ 7 
AGENTS 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents (the "Agents") and their respective specified 
offices are: 
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent": 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
[other/further Fiscal/Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s)] 
["Calculation Agent": 
[The Fiscal Agent shall also act as Calculation Agent.] 
[insert name and address of Calculation Agent]] 
[Other Agents: [insert name and address of other Agents]] 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to change its respective specified office to some 
other specified office in the same country. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint another Fiscal Agent/Paying Agent 
or additional or other Agents in accordance with all applicable regulations. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after 10 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance 
with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing). 
(3) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Agents named above act solely as agent of the Issuer and do not have 
any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) 
Determinations Binding. All determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained under these Conditions by any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer and all other Agents/agents and the Holders. 
§ 8 
TAXATION 
(1) 
Taxation. All amounts payable in respect of interest under the Notes will be made by the Issuer 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
Bosnia and Herzegovina or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as will 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders after such withholding or deduction 
will equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction (the "Additional Amounts"). However, no such 
Additional Amounts will be payable on account of any Taxes which are held by or on behalf of a Holder

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by 
reason of it having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note. 
(2) 
FATCA Withholding. The Issuer will be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required 
by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by 
another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA Withholding"). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay 
additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a Holder, beneficial owner or other intermediary for any such 
FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") in relation to the Notes is reduced to ten years. 
§ 10 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) 
Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare by notice its Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the Final Redemption Amount (pursuant to § 6), together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest and any Additional Amounts on the Notes within 
15 days from the relevant due date, or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other material obligation arising under the Notes which 
failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such failure continues for more 
than 45 days after the Issuer has received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
(c) 
the Issuer ceases to effect payments in general or announces its inability to meet its financial 
obligations generally; or 
(d) 
a court opens compulsory liquidation against the Issuer or the Issuer applies for or institutes 
such proceedings or offers or makes an arrangement for the benefit of its creditors generally; or 
(e) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation; provided that a (partial) spin-off, a spin-off for re-establishment, 
a reconstruction, merger, or other form of amalgamation with another company shall not be considered 
a liquidation to the extent that such other company assumes all obligations which the Issuer has 
undertaken in connection with the Notes. 
(2) 
Quorum, cure. In the events specified in § 10 (1)(b) any notice declaring the Notes due shall, 
unless at the time such notice is received any of the events specified § 10(1)(a),(1)(c), (1)(d) or (1) (e) 
entitling Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the Fiscal Agent 
has received such notices from the Holders of at least 25 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes then outstanding. The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has 
been remedied before the right is exercised. 
(3) 
Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with the above 
mentioned subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a declaration in text form (Textform) in the 
English language to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that such Holder at the 
time of such notice is a Holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certificate of his Custodian (as defined 
in § 15(3)) or in other appropriate manner.

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
§ 11 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) 
The provisions in this § 11 do not apply in any case of succession by operation of law. 
Substitution. The Issuer may, irrespective of § 10, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal or of interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the Issuer any company 
as principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with this Series of Notes 
(the "Substitute Debtor") provided that: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Notes; 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Substitute Debtor have obtained all necessary authorisations and the Substitute 
Debtor may transfer to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required hereunder and without being obligated 
to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country in which the 
Substitute Debtor has its domicile or tax residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment 
obligations arising under the Notes; 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Holder in respect of such substitution; 
[(d) 
the rating of the long-term obligations of the Substitute Debtor is the same or better as the 
respective rating of the Issuer (confirmed by two rating agencies, for example S&P, Moody's or other 
similar agencies);] 
[(d) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder the payment of 
all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes on terms equivalent to the terms of a 
guarantee of the Issuer in respect of senior Notes as a contract for the benefit of the Holders as third party 
beneficiaries pursuant to § 328(1) BGB (German Civil Code)4;] 
(e) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each of the Issuer's and the 
Substitute Debtor's jurisdiction of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), 
(b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied, provided that an opinion with regard to subparagraph (c) shall 
not be delivered if the Substitute Debtor has contractually committed to pay any tax, duty, assessment 
or governmental charge imposed on a Holder in respect of the substitution. 
(2) 
Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 14 (Notices / 
[No] Stock Exchange Listing). 
(3) 
Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these Conditions 
to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor and any reference to the 
country in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed 
to refer to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. 
[If § 11(1)(d) provides for the issuance of a guarantee: 
Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
(a) 
In § 8 and § 6(3) an alternative reference to Bosnia and Herzegovina shall be deemed to have 
been included in addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile 
or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor; and 
(b) 
in § 10(1)(c) to (e) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall be 
deemed to have been included in addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor.] 
(4) 
In the event of any such substitution, the Substitute Debtor shall succeed to, and be substituted 
for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under the Notes with the same effect as if the 
Substitute Debtor had been named as the Issuer herein, and the Issuer (or any corporation which shall 
 
4 
An English language translation of § 328 (1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) reads as follows: "A contract 
may stipulate performance for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to demand 
performance".

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
have previously assumed the obligations of the Issuer) shall be released from its liability as obligor under 
the Notes. 
(5) 
After a substitution pursuant to this § 11, the Substitute Debtor may, without the consent of 
Holders, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in § 11 shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
[If § 11(1)(d) provides for the issuance of a guarantee: In particular§ 10(1)(d) shall remain applicable 
in relation to Raiffeisen BANK d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina.] References in these Conditions to the Issuer 
shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further Substituted 
Debtor. 
§ 12 
AMENDMENT OF THESE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) 
Amendment of these Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt Securities (Gesetz 
über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree with the Issuer 
on amendments of these Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with 
the majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who 
are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. There will be no 
amendment of these Conditions without the Issuer's consent. 
(2) 
Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent of the votes cast. 
Resolutions relating to amendments of these Conditions which are not material and which do not relate 
to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3 Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes 
cast. 
(3) 
Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. A 
meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take place 
in the circumstances of § 18 paragraph 4 sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(4) 
Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) 
Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) 
Holders' Representative. 
[If no Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The common representative (the 
"Holders' Representative") shall be [insert name and address of the Holders' Representative]. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. 
To the extent that the Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, 
the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
[If § 11(1)(d) provides for the issuance of a guarantee: (7) 
Amendment of Guarantee. The 
provisions set out above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to any guarantee provided 
in relation to the Notes pursuant to § 11(1)(d).]

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
§ 13 
FURTHER ISSUES, REPURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same Conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Repurchases. The Issuer may at any time repurchase Notes in any market or otherwise and at 
any price. Notes repurchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered 
to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. 
§ 14 
NOTICES / [NO] STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING 
[If Notes are not intended to be listed, insert: 
(1) 
Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
[If Notes are intended to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, insert: 
(1) 
Publication. As long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, notices concerning the Notes will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange on www.LuxSE.com or such other website or other medium for the publication of notices as 
required in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuer 
will also publish notices on its website (www.raiffeisenbank.ba). Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been validly given to the Holders on the day of such publication. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. If the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the 
Issuer may make a publication referred to in § 14(1) by giving notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in § 14(1) above; 
any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh after the day on which 
the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(3)] 
Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in text form 
(Textform) in the English language. The notice must be accompanied by proof that such notifying Holder 
is holder of the relevant Notes at the time of the giving of such notice. Proof may be made by means of 
a certificate of the Custodian (as defined in § 15(3) (Final Provisions)) or in any other appropriate 
manner. So long as Notes are securitised in the form of a Global Note, such notice may be given by the 
Holder to the Fiscal Agent through the Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the 
Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
§ 15 
FINAL PROVISIONS 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders 
and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
(2) 
Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. This is subject to any mandatory provisions of laws on jurisdiction over 
consumer contracts, including any right to recourse to alternative dispute resolution mechanism. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes on the 
basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, 
(b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of 
such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Global Note representing the 
Notes in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the actual 
records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights 
under the Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the proceedings. 
(4) 
Language. These Conditions are written in the English language only. 
(5) 
Consumer protection. No provision in these Conditions shall prejudice any mandatory 
provisions of consumer protections laws and the rights Holders may have thereunder.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ELIGIBLE NOTES 
Option II - 
Terms and Conditions for Eligible Notes 
§ 1 
DEFINITIONS 
"Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System [if 
the Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: [as well as] the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) or any 
successor/replacement system ("TARGET")] [is] [are] operational [if the Specified Currency is not 
EUR or if needed for other reasons, insert: [and] commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in [all relevant financial centres]]. 
"Clearing System" means each of Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, ("CBL") and Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear are each an 
"ICSD" (International Central Securities Depositary) and together the "ICSDs"). 
"Conditions" means these terms and conditions of the Notes. 
"Holder" means any holder of a co-ownership interest or other beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [[[second] [insert other applicable number of days]] 
Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end]5 of the relevant Interest Period.] [first day of the 
relevant Interest Period.] [[●] Business Day[s] prior to [the expiry] [the [Floating] Coupon Date] of the 
relevant Interest Period.] 
"Reference Interest Rate" means the offered quotation for the [number]-month [EURIBOR] [SOFR] 
which appears on the Screen Page as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([insert relevant time 
zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day]. 
"Screen Page" means [REUTERS Screen Page [EURIBOR01] [insert Screen Page and additional 
information if necessary] or each successor page].] 
[For EURIBOR, insert: 
If – other than in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined below) – the Screen Page is not available 
or if no such quotation appears as at such time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Interest Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Reference Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards) of such offered quotations[, however at least 0.00 per cent per annum], all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Reference Interest Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated at the request of the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the Euro-Zone[, however at least 0.00 
per cent per annum]. 
 
5 In case of SOFR interest determination in arrear, the Interest Determination Date shall not be less than five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Coupon Date.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions the 
Issuer will determine the Reference Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period at its equitable discretion 
according to § 317 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") and also having regard 
to the operational requirements of the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent 
of any determination made by it under these Conditions. 
"Reference Banks" means the offices of not less than [four] [insert other number] major banks in the 
Euro-Zone. 
Reference Interest Rate replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. If (i) a public statement or 
information has been published by the competent administrator of the Reference Interest Rate to the 
effect that the Reference Interest Rate has ceased to be representative or is no longer an industry-accepted 
rate for debt market instruments such as the Notes, or comparable instruments, (ii) a public statement or 
information has been published to the effect that the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
commences the orderly wind-down of the Reference Interest Rate or ceases the calculation and 
publication of the Reference Interest Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
publication of such statement or information, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Reference Interest Rate (iii) the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate becomes 
insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceedings (affecting the 
administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority, (iv) the 
competent authority for the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate withdraws or suspends the 
authorisation pursuant to Article 35 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmark 
Regulation") or the recognition pursuant to Article 32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or requires the 
cessation of the endorsement pursuant to Article 33(6) of the Benchmarks Regulation, provided that, at 
the time of the withdrawal or suspension or the cessation of endorsement, there is no successor 
administrator that continues to provide the Reference Interest Rate and its administrator commences the 
orderly wind-down of the Reference Interest Rate or ceases to provide the Reference Interest Rate or 
certain maturities or certain currencies for which the Reference Interest Rate is calculated permanently 
or indefinitely; or (v) the Reference Interest Rate is otherwise discontinued or it becomes unlawful for 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference Interest Rate for any other reason (each of the 
events in (i) through (v) a "Discontinuation Event"), the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced, on 
each relevant Interest Determination Date, by a rate determined or procured, as the case may be, by the 
Issuer (the "Successor Reference Interest Rate") according to the following paragraphs in the order of 
I)-III): 
I) 
The Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is determined by 
any applicable law or regulation or announced by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, the 
competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the Reference 
Interest Rate and the source of which is accessible to the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall thereafter 
inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and, 
subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14. [If, on any previous Interest 
Determination Date, the Successor Reference Interest Rate was also determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph I), no [other] publication obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with 
such Successor Reference Rate or any adjustments or changes made in relation thereto or relating to the 
determination of the [Rate of Interest] [or] [the] [Interest Amount] as set out below;] 
II) 
An Independent Adviser will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor 
reference rate that is most comparable to the Reference Interest Rate, provided that if the Independent 
Adviser determines that there is an industry accepted reference rate as being most comparable to the 
Reference Interest Rate, then the Independent Adviser will use such reference rate as successor reference 
rate (the "Successor Reference Rate") and determine which screen page or source shall be used in 
connection with such Successor Reference Rate (the "Successor Screen Page"). Provided that such 
Successor Screen Page is accessible to the Calculation Agent, any reference to the Screen Page herein 
shall from the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate on be read as a reference to the 
Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The 
Independent Adviser will notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date about such determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders 
of the Notes in accordance with § 14.

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Interest Rate with a Successor Reference 
Interest Rate in accordance with the above provisions I) or II) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may specify (i) an interest adjustment factor or fraction or spread (to 
be added or subtracted) which shall be applied to the Successor Reference Interest Rate, for the purpose 
of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the Reference Interest Rate 
before the Discontinuation Event occurred, and (ii) any further changes necessary for determining the 
Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest Amount in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Reference Interest Rate (such as the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day Convention, 
Business Days, the Interest Determination Dates, the method of calculating the Interest Amount). 
Thereafter, the Issuer shall inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14 (other than in 
the case set out in paragraph I) above). There will be no replacement of the Reference Interest Rate, nor 
any adjustment to the calculation of a Rate of Interest, nor will any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments to the Conditions be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to affect the MREL eligibility of the Notes.  
III) 
If the source of the successor rate for the Reference Interest Rate determined in accordance with 
the above provision I) or the Successor Screen Page determined in accordance with the above provision 
II) is not accessible to the Calculation Agent or if the Independent Adviser fails to determine the 
Successor Reference Rate at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and to notify the 
Calculation Agent or in the event that the Issuer, having used reasonable endeavours, fails to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or the period to determine a Successor Reference Interest Rate according to the 
provisions above was not sufficient, the Issuer will decide in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) 
and not less than 3 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the "Procedures Determination Date"): 
[a)] 
that the Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered quotation for the Reference Interest Rate 
which appeared on the Screen Page on the last day preceding the relevant Interest Determination Date 
on which such quotations were offered and shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance 
with § 14[.][; or 
b) 
(subject to the provisions of § 6 (9)) to redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, by giving not 
less than 20 days' notice in accordance with § 14, at the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount] (as defined below pursuant to § 6), together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for such early redemption. 
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment 
Date] following the Procedures Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption Amount]. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the Reference Interest Rate applicable from the last [Coupon 
Date] [Interest Payment Date] prior to the redemption date until (but excluding) the redemption date 
shall be the Reference Interest Rate applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period.] 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international standing or an 
independent financial adviser with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal 
Reserve's website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
If SOFR is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time and, (1) unless the Issuer has 
confirmed to the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, this SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day applies for which SOFR was published on the Screen Page; or (2) if the Issuer has 
confirmed to the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was notified to the 
Calculation Agent by the Issuer as being the rate that was recommended as the replacement for the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a replacement for the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other designated 
administrator), provided that, if no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as 
having been recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if (i) references to SOFR were references 
to OBFR, (ii) references to U.S. Government Securities Business Day were references to New York 
Business Day, (iii) references to SOFR Index Cessation Event were references to OBFR Index Cessation 
Event and (iv) references to SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to OBFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date; and provided further that, if no such rate has been notified to the Calculation 
Agent by the Issuer as having been so recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date and an OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date has 
occurred, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if (x) references to SOFR were references to FOMC 
Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. Government Securities Business Day were references to New York 
Business Day and (z) references to the Screen Page were references to the Federal Reserve's Website. 
Where: 
"FOMC Target Rate" means, the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market 
Committee and published on the Federal Reserve's Website or, if the Federal Open Market Committee 
does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal 
Open Market Committee and published on the Federal Reserve's Website (calculated as the arithmetic 
average of the upper bound of the target range and the lower bound of the target range). 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
"OBFR", means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the daily Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate in respect of the New York Business Day immediately preceding such Interest Determination Date 
as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator) on the New York Fed's Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Interest 
Determination Date. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date 
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate), ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
the OBFR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish 
or provide OBFR; or

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of 
OBFR that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap 
transactions. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, the date 
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate), ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity prohibiting the use of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, 
including existing swap transactions.] 
[If Reference Swap Rate is applicable, insert: 
"Reference Swap Rate" is the ["[insert number of years/months] [year][months] [insert relevant 
currency]"] Swap Rate and means [[●] / insert definition /Screen Page]. 
If the Reference Swap Rate is not displayed on the Screen Page on the Interest Adjustment Determination 
Date, the Reference Swap Rate is equal to the Reset Reference Bank Rate (as defined below) on that 
Interest Adjustment Determination Date. 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means the percentage rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
basis of the [[insert number of years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] 
Quotations (as defined below) provided by [five] [insert other number] leading swap dealers in the 
interbank market (the "Reset Reference Banks") at the request of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent at 
approximately [insert time] ([insert time zone]), on the Interest Adjustment Determination Date. If at 
least [three] [insert other number] quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality one of 
the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the applicable Reset Reference Bank Rate shall be equal to the last [[insert number of 
years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] available on the Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
["[[insert number of years/months] [year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] Quotation" 
means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg (calculated on [insert day count 
fraction]) of a [insert reference swap rate] which (i) has a term of [insert number of [years][months]] 
commencing on the Interest Adjustment Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledgement dealer of good credit in 
the swap market and (iii) has a floating interest based on the [insert reference interest rate] (calculated 
on an [insert day count fraction] basis).] 
[insert other definitions for Quotation]  
[Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] replacement in case of a Discontinuation 
Event. If the Issuer determines in its reasonable discretion (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent to use the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation], or (ii) the 
administrator of the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] ceases to calculate

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
and publish the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] permanently or for an 
indefinite period of time, or (iii) the administrator of the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition 
for quotation] becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding 
(affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory 
authority, or (iv) the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] is otherwise being 
discontinued or otherwise ceases to be provided (each of the events in (i) through (iv) a "Discontinuation 
Event"), the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] shall be replaced, on [the] 
[each] relevant Interest Determination Date, by a rate determined or procured, as the case may be, by the 
Issuer (the "Successor Quotation Rate") according to the following paragraphs in the order of I)-III): 
I) 
The [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] shall be replaced with the 
reference rate, which is determined by any applicable law or regulation or announced by the 
administrator of the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation], the competent central 
bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the [Reference Swap Rate][insert 
other definition for quotation] and the source of which is accessible to the Calculation Agent. The Issuer 
shall thereafter inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination 
Date and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14. [If, on any previous Interest 
Determination Date, the Successor Quotation Rate was also determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph I), no [other] publication obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with 
such Successor Quotation Rate or any adjustments or changes made in relation thereto or relating to the 
determination of the [Rate of Interest] [or] [Interest Amount] as set out below; ] 
II) 
An Independent Adviser will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor 
reference rate that is most comparable to the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for 
quotation], provided that if the Independent Adviser determines that there is an industry accepted 
reference rate as being most comparable to the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for 
quotation], then the Independent Adviser will use such reference rate as successor reference rate (the 
"Successor Reference Rate") and determine which screen page or source shall be used in connection 
with such Successor Reference Rate (the "Successor Screen Page"). Provided that such Successor 
Screen Page is accessible to the Calculation Agent, any reference to the Screen Page herein shall from 
the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate on be read as a reference to the Successor 
Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Independent Adviser 
will notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination 
Date about such determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance 
with § 14.  
Further and in addition to any replacement of the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for 
quotation] with a Successor Quotation Rate in accordance with the above provisions I) or II) the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may specify (i) an interest adjustment 
factor or fraction or spread (to be added or subtracted) which shall be applied to the Successor Quotation 
Rate, for the purpose of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the 
[Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] before the Discontinuation Event occurred, 
and (ii) any further changes necessary for determining the Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest 
Amount in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Quotation Rate (such as the Day 
Count Fraction, the Business Day Convention, Business Days, the Interest Determination Dates, the 
method of calculating the Interest Amount). Thereafter, the Issuer shall inform the Calculation Agent at 
least 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 14 (other than in the case set out in paragraph I) above). 
III) 
If the source of the successor rate for the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for 
quotation] determined in accordance with the above provision I) or the Successor Screen Page 
determined in accordance with the above provision II) is not accessible to the Calculation Agent or if the 
Independent Adviser fails to determine the Successor Reference Rate at the latest 10 days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date and to notify the Calculation Agent or in the event that the Issuer, having 
used reasonable endeavours, fails to appoint an Independent Adviser or the period to determine a 
Successor Quotation Rate according to the provisions above was not sufficient, the Issuer will decide 
in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) and not less than 3 Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "Procedures Determination 
Date"):

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
[a)] that the [Reference Swap Rate][insert other definition for quotation] shall be such [Reference Swap 
Rate][insert other definition for quotation] which appeared on the Screen Page on the last day preceding 
the relevant Interest Determination Date on which such quotations were offered and shall thereafter 
inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14[.] [; or 
b) (subject to the provisions of § 6 (9)) to redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, by giving not less 
than 20 days' notice in accordance with § 14, at the [Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount] (as defined below pursuant to § 6), together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for such early redemption. 
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption;  
(ii) the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
following the Procedures Determination Date; and 
(iii) the [Final Redemption Amount] [Early Redemption Amount]. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the Reference Interest Rate applicable from the last [Coupon 
Date] [Interest Payment Date] prior to the redemption date until (but excluding) the redemption date 
shall be the Reference Interest Rate applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period.] 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international standing or an 
independent financial adviser with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.] 
§ 2 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, ISSUE DATE, FORM, CUSTODY 
(1) 
Currency – Denomination – Issue Date. This Series of notes (the "Notes") of Raiffeisen BANK 
d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina (the "Issuer") is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the "Issue Date") in 
[insert Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [aggregate 
principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the denomination of [insert 
Specified Denomination6] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form. 
(a) 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(b) 
Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note" or the "Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall 
be signed by duly authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note to be exchanged for 
a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(b) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange – Permanent Global Note. 
(i) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" and, together 
with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" and, each a "Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by duly authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive 
notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
6 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000 at the time of the trade date of the Notes.

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
(ii) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date not 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be 
made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions 
or certain persons holding Notes through such financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as 
a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 2(2). Any 
securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the 
United States. For purposes of this subparagraph, "United States" means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, 
the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands).] 
(3) 
Custody. The Global Note will be kept in safe keeping by or on behalf of the Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
[In the case that the Global Note is an NGN, insert: The Notes are issued in New Global Note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in safe keeping by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's 
interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by ICSD stating the principal 
amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
ICSD at that time. For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial early redemption of the 
Notes, the outstanding redemption amount will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a 
nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs. 
On any redemption in respect of, or purchase by or on behalf of the Issuer and cancellation of, any of 
the Notes represented by the Global Note details of such redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) shall be entered by or on behalf of the Issuer in the records of the ICSDs.] 
[In the case that the Global Note is a CGN, insert: The Notes are issued in Classical Global Note 
("CGN") form and are kept in safe keeping by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
§ 3 
STATUS 
(1) 
Status Eligible Notes. The Notes shall qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments (as defined 
below). 
(2) 
Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes. The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking in the event of compulsory liquidation (prisilna 
likvidacija) or insolvency (stečaj) of the Issuer: 
(a) 
junior to the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations, so that in any such event no amounts will be 
payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations have been satisfied in full; 
(b) 
pari passu (i) among themselves; and (ii) (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions and 
without prejudice to the aforesaid) with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes; and 
(c) 
senior to all present or future obligations under all subordinated obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
Where: 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" means all obligations of the Issuer which pursuant to mandatory 
provisions of the Law on Banks, rank or are expressed to rank senior to the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes. 
"Law on Banks" means the Law on Banks of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina ("Official 
Gazette FBiH" No. 27 as of 12 April 2017) (Zakon o bankama), as amended or replaced from time to 
time and any references in these Conditions to relevant provisions of the Law on Banks include 
references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
In line with the Law on Banks, claims in respect of the Notes shall be claims which in compulsory 
liquidation (prisilna likvidacija) or insolvency (stečaj) of the Issuer shall be settled in accordance with 
Article 227 of the Law on Banks and in line with relevant FBA Decisions. 
In line with Article 211 of the Law on Banks, claims in respect of the Notes shall be claims which in 
case of restructuring (unutrasnje restruktuiranje) of the Issuer shall be settled in accordance with Article 
204 and 208 of the Law on Banks and in line with relevant FBA Decisions. 
Where: 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means any (directly issued) debt instruments of the Issuer that 
qualify as eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to Article 205 of the Law on Banks and/or the MREL 
Decision and/or FBA Decisions, as the case may be, which are included in the amount to be complied 
with for the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities pursuant to the Law on Banks, 
the MREL Decision and the FBA Decisions, as the case may be. 
"FBA" means the Federal Banking Agency (Agencija za bankarstvo Federacije Bosne i Hercegovine). 
"FBA Decisions" means each of the following: 
• 
Decision on procedure and manner of performing write down or conversion of capital 
instruments and liabilities of a bank ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on establishment, conditions, and manner of issuance consent for asset management 
company ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on conditions and manner for conducting independent valuation of assets and liabilities 
of the bank before and during resolution proceedings of the bank ("Official Gazette of the 
Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on business reorganisation plan for a bank ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH", 
No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on types of financial collateral arrangements and financial instruments to which 
protective measures for counterparties shall apply ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH", 
No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on establishing a bridge bank ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on resolvability assessment of bank and banking group ("Official Gazette of the 
Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on sale of shares, assets, rights, and liabilities of bank in resolution ("Official Gazette 
of the Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on Capital Adequacy ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH", No. 26/18); 
• 
Decision on data and information delivered to the FBiH banking agency for purpose of 
developing and updating restructuring plans of banks and banking groups ("Official Gazette of 
the Federation of BiH", No. 44/19); and

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
• 
Decision on conditions and manner for execution of supervision and measures with the goal to 
execute powers from the bank restructuring ("Official Gazette of the Federation of BiH"; 
No. 54/20); 
each of them issued by the FBA as amended or replaced from time to time and any references 
in these Conditions to relevant provisions of the FBA Decisions include references to any 
applicable provisions of decisions amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"MREL Decision" means the Decision on MREL requirements ("Official Gazette FBiH" No. 26/18) 
(Odluka o minimalnim zahtjevima za kapitalom i prihvatljivim obavezama banke), issued by the FBA as 
amended or replaced from time to time and any references in these Conditions to relevant provisions of 
the MREL Decision include references to any applicable provisions of decision amending or replacing 
such provisions from time to time. 
(3) 
No Set-off/Netting; No Security/Guarantee; No Enhancement of Seniority. The Notes are not 
subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in 
resolution. The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement that 
enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes.  
(4) 
Possibility of statutory resolution measures. In case of restructuring (unutrasnje restruktuiranje) 
of the Issuer and prior to starting of any compulsory liquidation (prisilna likvidacija) or insolvency 
(stecaj) of the Issuer, under the applicable banking resolution provisions including the Law on Banks 
and the FBA Decisions and the Applicable Law, the Resolution Authority may exercise the power to 
write down (including to zero) the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, convert them into shares or 
other instruments of ownership of the Issuer or another entity, in each case in whole or in part, or apply 
any other resolution tool or action, including (but not limited to) any deferral or transfer of the obligations 
to another entity, an amendment of these Conditions or a cancellation of the Notes.  
Where: 
"Applicable Law" means the legislation of Bosnia and Herzegovina in force, as the same may be 
amended or replaced from time to time. 
"Capital Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, standards, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity for credit institutions of either (i) the Resolution Authority 
and/or (ii) any other national or European authority, in each case then in effect in Bosnia and 
Herzegovina and applicable to the Issuer, including, as at the date hereof, the Law on Banks, the 
FBA Decisions and any other guidelines issued by the Resolution Authority or other competent authority 
in Bosnia and Herzegovina, each as amended from time to time, or such other acts as may come into 
effect in place thereof and any references in these Conditions to relevant articles of the Capital 
Regulations include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such articles 
from time to time. 
"Resolution Authority" means the Federal Banking Agency (Agencija za bankarstvo Federacije Bosne 
i Hercegovine) which is responsible for recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an individual and/or 
consolidated basis. 
§ 4 
INTEREST 
[In case of Fixed Rate Notes, insert: 
(1) 
Rate of Interest, Interest Period[s]. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest based on their principal amount during the Interest Period[s] from 
(and including) [insert interest commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1))]. 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of an

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [first] Interest Payment Date][Maturity Date] [and thereafter from 
(and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: the next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period, insert: next following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
The rate of interest is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent per annum (the "Rate of Interest"). 
(2) 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert 
Coupon Date(s)] in each year (each such date a "Coupon Date").] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon 
Date] (the "Coupon Date").] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert 
last Coupon Date].] 
"Interest Payment Date" means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
This may fall on a Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls 
on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set out 
in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of short/long Interest Periods, insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended].] The [first Coupon Date is: [●]] [last Coupon Date is: [●]].] 
(3) 
Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below).] 
[In case of Fixed to Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
(1) 
Rate of Interest, Interest Periods. The Notes shall bear interest based on their principal amount 
from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") for 
(a) 
the first [insert number if necessary] Interest Period[s], that is from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [first] 
[insert another number] Coupon Date] [, i.e. [insert date],] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period, 
insert: [first] [insert another number] Interest Payment Date] [on] [in] [insert [date] [month][year]] 
with an interest rate of [insert Rate of Interest] per cent per annum (the "Initial Interest Rate"); 
[[(b)] 
from the [●] Interest Period, that is from (and including) the [●] [Coupon Date] [Interest 
Payment Date] [on][in] [insert [date][month] [year]] (the "[●] Interest Adjustment Date") to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [●] Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [●] Interest Payment Date] [on][in] [insert [date][month][year]], 
the Notes shall bear interest for each Interest Period [with an interest rate of [insert Rate of Interest] 
per cent per annum] [at a Rate of Interest determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined in § 7 
(Agents)) on the Interest Adjustment Determination Date, which is equal to the Reference Swap Rate 
[plus][minus] [the relevant Margin]] (the "[●] Reset Interest Rate");] 
[(b)] 
[thereafter,] from the [●] Interest Period, that is from (and including) the [●] [Coupon Date] 
[Interest Payment Date] [on][in] [insert [date][month][year]] (the "[●] Interest Adjustment Date") to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: last Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Maturity Date] [on][in] [insert [date][month][year]], the Notes 
shall bear interest for each Interest Period [with an interest rate of [insert Rate of Interest] per cent per 
annum] [at a Rate of Interest determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined in § 7 (Agents)) on the 
Interest Adjustment Determination Date, which is equal to the Reference Swap Rate [plus][minus] [the 
relevant Margin]] (the "[●] Reset Interest Rate").

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
[In the case of short/long first Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the First Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant swap rate will be the linear interpolation between the available 
swap rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and the available 
swap rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of short/long last Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Last Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant swap rate will be the linear interpolation between the available 
swap rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and the available 
swap rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Interest Period.)] 
["Margin" means [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] [●], [for the [●] Interest Period [●]] [insert 
further].] 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: first Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: first Interest Payment Date] and thereafter from (and including) 
each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of 
Interest Period, insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of 
Interest Period, insert: the next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Interest Period, insert: next following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]. 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(2) 
Coupon Dates, Interest Payment Dates. Interest shall be payable pursuant to (a) [annually] 
[semi-annually] [quarterly] [,][and] pursuant to (b) [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [[,][and] 
pursuant to [([●])] [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly]] in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
Coupon Dates are for the Interest Periods pursuant to (a) [insert Coupon Date[s]] in each year [for the 
Interest Periods pursuant to (b) [insert Coupon Date[s]] in each year] [and for the Interest Periods 
pursuant to [([●])] [insert Coupon Date[s]] in each year] (each such date a "Coupon Date"). 
The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert 
last Coupon Date]. 
"Interest Payment Date" means such Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
This may fall on the Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the Coupon Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the adjustment provision as set 
out in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of short/long Interest Period, insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended].] The [first Coupon Date is: [insert first Coupon Date] [("First Coupon Date")]] [last 
Coupon Date is: [insert last Coupon Date] [("Last Coupon Date")]].] 
"Interest Adjustment Determination Date" means the [second][insert number of days] Business Day 
prior to the [relevant] Interest Adjustment Day. Business Day means for the purpose of this paragraph 
any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System [if the Specified Currency 
is EUR or if TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: [as well as] the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) or any successor/replacement system 
("TARGET")] [is][are] operational [if the Specified Currency is not EUR or if needed for other 
reasons, insert: [and] commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [all relevant 
financial centres]]. 
[In case a minimum rate of interest applies, insert: [(3)] Minimum Rate of Interest: If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] (Floor).]

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
[In case a maximum rate of interest applies, insert: [(4)] Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert maximum rate of interest] (Cap).] 
[(5)]  
Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below). 
[(6)]  
Notification of Rate of Interest. The Calculation Agent will cause [the] [each] Reset Interest 
Rate to be notified (i) to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than [[the second] [●] Business Day prior to 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period] [first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert other 
time], and (ii) to the Holders without delay in accordance with § [14] (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange 
Listing) hereof. 
Note to Holders: The Margin to be used for determining the Reset Interest Rate[s] is equal to the Margin 
over the [n-year/months] swap rate [other Reference Interest Rates] at the time of pricing implied in the 
Initial Interest rate.] 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
(1) 
Interest Period[s], Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest based on their principal amount during the Interest Period[s] from 
(and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1))]. 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [first] Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [and thereafter from 
(and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Coupon Date] [in case of an 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no 
adjustment of Interest Period, insert: the next following Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of 
an adjustment of Interest Period, insert: the next following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity 
Date].] 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
Coupon Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear on 
[the] [each] Interest Payment Date. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] [in 
each year] (each such date a "Coupon Date").] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the "Coupon 
Date").] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert 
last Coupon Date].] 
(c)  
Interest Payment Date[s]. "Interest Payment Date" means such Business Day, on which the 
interest is in fact due and payable. This may fall on the Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated 
Business Day – if the Coupon Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application 
of the adjustment provision as set out in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of short/long Interest Period, insert: [The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended].] The [first Coupon Date is: [insert first Coupon Date] [("First Coupon Date")]] [last 
Coupon Date is: [insert last Coupon Date] [("Last Coupon Date")]].] 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for [the][each] Interest Period will 
be, except as provided below,

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
[For EURIBOR, insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate[, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00 per cent per 
annum, a Reference Interest Rate of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied,] [in case of multiplication 
with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a 
Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily SOFR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with the formula below on the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) [, whereby a 
Compounded Daily SOFR of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied, should such Compounded Daily 
SOFR be below 0.00 per cent per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied 
by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum. 
The Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Interest Rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation 
Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in such Applicable Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(provided that "p" shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days without the

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Interest Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where 
lag is specified as the Observation Method: the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i".][otherwise: the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i".]] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for Floating Rate Notes: 
[In the case of short/long first Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the First Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of short/long last Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Last Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)] 
["Factor" means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest 
Period] as [+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
["Margin" means [●] per cent per annum.] 
[In case a minimum rate of interest applies, insert: [(3)] Minimum Rate of Interest: If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] (Floor).] 
[In case a maximum rate of interest applies, insert: [(4)] Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert maximum rate of interest] (Cap).] 
[(5)] 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount 
of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period. The relevant 
Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined below) to [the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes] [the Specified 
Denomination] and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 
of such unit being rounded upwards. 
[(6)] 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Floating 
Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the [[second] [●] Business Day prior to 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period] [first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert other 
date], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. 
Each Interest Amount and each Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the 
Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange and to the Holders as soon as 
possible in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).]] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Floating 
Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than [4 Business Days prior to the expiry of 
the relevant Interest Period] [[the second] [●] Business Day prior to the [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment 
Date] of the [relevant] Interest Period], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. ]]] 
[In case of Notes with Fixed to [Fixed to] Floating interest rates, insert:  
(1) 
Fixed Interest.  
(a) 
Rate of Interest, Fixed Interest Period[s], Interest Exchange Day. The Notes shall bear interest 
based on their principal amount during the Fixed Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert interest 
commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the [in case of no 
adjustment of Fixed Interest Period, insert: [first] [●] [last] Fixed Coupon Date] [, i.e. [insert date]] [in 
case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period, insert: [first] [●] [last] Fixed Interest Payment Date] 
(the "Fixed Interest Rate Period"). 
"Fixed Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period, insert: [first] [Fixed Coupon Date] [or] 
[Interest Exchange Day]] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period, insert: [first] [Fixed 
Interest Payment Date] [[or] [Interest Exchange Day]]] [and thereafter from (and including) each [in 
case of no adjustment of Fixed Interest Period, insert: Fixed Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Fixed Interest Period, insert: Fixed Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no 
adjustment of Fixed Interest Period, insert: the next following Fixed Coupon Date or Interest Exchange 
Day, as the case may be] [in case of an adjustment of Fixed Interest Period, insert: next following 
Fixed Interest Payment Date or Interest Exchange Day, as the case may be]]. 
"Interest Exchange Day" means [the [last] Fixed Coupon Date, i.e. [insert date]] [the Fixed Interest 
Payment Date relating to the [last] Fixed Coupon Date [i.e. [insert [last] Fixed Coupon Date]]]. 
The Fixed Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
[In case of one interest rate for the entire Fixed Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate of interest for 
the Fixed Interest Rate Period is [insert Rate of Interest] per cent per annum (the "Fixed Interest 
Rate").] 
[In case of several interest rates during the Fixed Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate[s] of interest 
during the Fixed Interest Rate Period [is][are] for the [first] Fixed Interest Period [from the Interest 
Commencement Date to the [first][Fixed Coupon Date][Fixed Interest Payment Date]] [insert Rate of 
Interest] per cent per annum [,][and] [for the [n-th] Fixed Interest Period from the [insert relevant Fixed

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
Coupon Date][insert relevant Fixed Interest Payment Date] to the [insert relevant Fixed Coupon 
Date][insert relevant Fixed Interest Payment Date] [insert Rate of Interest] per cent per annum (the 
relevant "Fixed Interest Rate[s]").] 
(b) 
Fixed Coupon Date[s], Fixed Interest Payment Date[s]. Fixed interest shall be payable in arrear 
on [each][the] Fixed Interest Payment Date. [Fixed Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Fixed 
Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] (each such date a "Fixed Coupon Date").] [Fixed Coupon Date is on 
[insert Fixed Coupon Date] (the "Fixed Coupon Date").] 
[The first Fixed Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Fixed Coupon Date]. The last Fixed Coupon Date 
shall be on [insert last Fixed Coupon Date].] 
"Fixed Interest Payment Date" means such Business Day, on which the fixed interest is in fact due and 
payable. This may fall on a Fixed Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business Day – if the 
Fixed Coupon Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day – based on the application of the 
adjustment provision as set out in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of short/long Fixed Interest Period, insert: [The [first] [last] Fixed Interest Period is 
[shortened] [extended];] [first Fixed Coupon Date is: [insert first Fixed Coupon Date]] [last Fixed 
Coupon Date is: [insert last Fixed Coupon Date]].] 
(c) 
Calculation of Fixed Interest for Partial Periods. If fixed interest is required to be calculated 
for a period of less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction. 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction for Fixed Interest Periods of Notes with Fixed to [Fixed to] Floating 
interest rates. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined below) 
during which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation Period will be the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such 
Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the Calculation 
Period will be the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination 
Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year]. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any year to but 
excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, 
then such dates in the alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) (Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30/360 
or Bond Basis).] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month) (30E/360 or Eurobond Basis).] 
[If 360/360, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with twelve 30-day months (360/360).]] 
(2) 
Floating Interest. 
(a) 
Rate of Interest, Floating Interest Period[s], Floating Interest Payment Date[s]. The Notes shall 
bear interest based on their principal amount during the Floating Interest Period[s] from (and including) 
the Interest Exchange Day to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period, 
insert: [last] Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period, insert: 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1))]. 
"Floating Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Exchange Day to (but 
excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period, insert: [first] Floating Coupon 
Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period, insert: [first] Floating Interest Payment 
Date] [Maturity Date] [and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Floating 
Interest Period, insert: Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period, 
insert: Floating Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Floating 
Interest Period, insert: the next following Floating Coupon Date or last Floating Coupon Date] [in case 
of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period, insert: the next following Floating Interest Payment Date 
or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Floating Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
Floating Coupon Date[s]. Floating interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear on [each][the] Floating Interest Payment Date. ["Floating Coupon Dates" are in 
each case on [insert floating coupon dates] [in each year] (each such date a "Floating Coupon Date").] 
["Floating Coupon Date" is the [insert floating coupon date].] 
[The first Floating Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Floating Coupon Date]. The last Floating 
Coupon Date shall be on [insert last Floating Coupon Date].]

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
(c) 
Floating Interest Payment Date[s].  
"Floating Interest Payment Date" means such Business Day, on which the floating interest is in fact 
due and payable. This may fall on the Floating Coupon Date or may shift to the appropriated Business 
Day – if the Floating Coupon Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day based on the application 
of the adjustment provision as set out in § 5 (6) (Business Day Convention). 
[In the case of short/long Floating Interest Periods, insert: [The [first] [last] Floating Interest Period 
is [shortened] [extended];] [first Floating Coupon Date is: [insert first Floating Coupon Date] [("First 
Coupon Date")]] [last Floating Coupon Date is: [insert last Floating Coupon Date] [("Last Coupon 
Date")]].] 
(d) 
Floating Rate of Interest. The floating rate of interest (the "Floating Rate of Interest") for 
[the][each] Floating Interest Period will be, except as provided below, 
[For EURIBOR, insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate [, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00 per cent per 
annum, a Reference Interest Rate of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied,] [in case of multiplication 
with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a 
Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily SOFR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with the formula below on the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) [, whereby a 
Compounded Daily SOFR of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied, should such Compounded Daily 
SOFR be below 0.00 per cent per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied 
by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum. 
The Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Interest Rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] ×
𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation 
Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in such Applicable Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Applicable Period.

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(provided that "p" shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days without the 
prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Interest Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where 
lag is specified as the Observation Method: the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i".][otherwise: the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i".]]] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for floating rate interest of Notes with Fixed to [Fixed 
to] Floating interest rates: 
[In the case of short/long first Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the First Floating Coupon Date 
(the "Interpolated Floating Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the 
linear interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term 
of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer 
term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of short/long last Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the Last Floating Coupon Date 
(the "Interpolated Floating Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the 
linear interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term 
of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer 
term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
["Factor" means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [●] Interest 
Period] as [+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
["Margin" means [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] [●] [for the [●] Interest Period] [●]] [insert 
further].] 
[In case a minimum rate of interest applies, insert: [(3)] Minimum Rate of Interest: If the Floating 
Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Floating Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], the Floating Rate of Interest for 
such Floating Interest Period shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] (Floor).] 
[In case a maximum rate of interest applies, insert: [(4)] Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Floating 
Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Floating Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Floating Rate of Interest 
for such Floating Interest Period shall be [insert maximum rate of interest] (Cap).]

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
[(5)] 
(a) Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after [the][each] 
time at which the Floating Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Floating Rate of Interest 
and calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant 
Floating Interest Period. The relevant Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Floating Rate 
of Interest and the Day Count Fraction to [the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes] [the 
Specified Denomination] and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, 
with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards. 
(b) 
Day Count Fraction for Floating Interest Periods of Notes with Fixed to [Fixed to] Floating 
interest rates. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined below) 
during which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation Period will be the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such 
Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the Calculation 
Period will be the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination 
Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year]. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any year to but 
excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, 
then such dates in the alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) (Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30/360 
or Bond Basis).] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month) (30E/360 or Eurobond Basis).] 
[If 360/360, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with twelve 30-day months (360/360).]] 
[(6)] 
Notification of Floating Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest, the Interest Amount for each Floating 
Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the [[second] [●] Business Day prior to 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period] [first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert other 
date], and  
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. 
Each Interest Amount and each Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the 
Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange and to the Holders as soon as 
possible in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest, the Interest Amount for each Floating 
Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later than [4 Business Days prior to the expiry of 
the relevant Interest Period] [[the second] [●] Business Day prior to the [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment 
Date] of the [relevant] Interest Period], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. ]]]] 
[Continuation of general terms and conditions for interest: 
[(7)] 
Accrual of Interest and Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest 
shall accrue on the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes from (and including) the due date to (but 
excluding) the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by law.7] 
 
7 
According to paragraphs 288(1) and 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB"), the default rate of interest 
established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank semi-annually.

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
[In case of Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
[(8)] 
Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount 
of interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined below) 
during which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation Period will be the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such 
Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the Calculation 
Period will be the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination 
Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year]. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any year to but 
excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, 
then such dates in the alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) (Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30/360 
or Bond Basis).] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month) (30E/360 or Eurobond Basis).] 
[If 360/360, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with twelve 30-day months (360/360).]] 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of principal, interest and any Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 8(1)), in respect of the Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note to be exchanged for 
a Permanent Global Note, insert: Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global 
Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in § 2(2)(b).] 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the freely negotiable and convertible currency 
which on the respective due date is the currency of the country of the Specified Currency. 
(3) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws. All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of § 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of § 8 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
[In the case of Notes not denominated in Euro, insert: 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the respective Payment Business Day is not available 
to it in such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons beyond its control or that the Specified 
Currency or any successor currency to it provided for by law (the "Successor Currency") is no longer 
used for the settlement of international financial transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment 
obligations by making such payment in Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the respective 
Payment Business Day on the basis of the Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled to 
further interest or any other payment as a result thereof. The "Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be, (i) if 
available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for the Specified Currency or the Successor Currency 
determined and published by the European Central Bank for the most recent practicable date falling 
within a reasonable period (as determined by the Issuer in its equitable discretion) prior to the day on 
which the payment is made or, (ii) if such rate is not available, the foreign exchange rate of the Specified 
Currency or the Successor Currency against the Euro as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion.] 
(4) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(5) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day, then the payability and actual payment date depend on the Business Day 
Convention as applicable according to subparagraph (6). The Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place. Irrespective of the provisions regarding the Interest Period, 
the Holder shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
"Payment Business Day" means any day which is a Business Day. 
(6) 
Business Day Convention. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note would 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
[if Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if FRN Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
§ 6 
REDEMPTION 
(1) 
Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [in case of a specified 
Maturity Date insert such Maturity Date] [in case of a Redemption Month, insert: the [Floating] 
Interest Payment Date falling in [insert Redemption Month and Redemption Year]] (the "Maturity 
Date"). 
(2) 
Final Redemption Amount. 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at their principal amount insert: 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be equal to its principal amount.] 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount other than the principal amount insert: 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be [insert currency] [insert amount 
greater than or equal to the principal amount] for each Note.] 
(3) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
(a) 
The Notes may be declared repayable, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon 
not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, 
pursuant to § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below) together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption (but 
excluding) if as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Bosnia and 
Herzegovina or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations (including relevant court decision), which amendment or change 
is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the Issuer is 
required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 8(1)) on the immediately succeeding [Coupon Date] 
[Fixed Interest Payment Date] [or] [Floating Interest Payment Date], and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer. 
(b) 
However, such early redemption may not occur (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. [In case of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes, insert: The date 
fixed for early redemption must be [a [Floating] Coupon Date] [or] [Fixed Coupon Date] [[an] [a Fixed] 
Interest Payment Date] [or] [a Floating Interest Payment Date]. 
(c) 
Any such notice for early redemption shall be given to the Fiscal Agent and pursuant to § 14 
(Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders. It shall be irrevocable and must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and the Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(4)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole or in part, upon giving not more than [60][●] 
[Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30][●] [Business Days'] [days'] notice in accordance with § 6 
[(6)], on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the Call Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the [respective] Call Redemption Date. 
(b) 
"Call Redemption Date[s]" means [insert Call Redemption Date[s]]. 
(c) 
"Call Redemption Amount[s]" means [insert Call Redemption Amount[s] and corresponding 
Call Redemption Date[s]]. 
(d) 
[In case of a minimum Call Redemption Amount or an increased Call Redemption Amount, 
insert: The Notes have to be redeemed at [their principal amount] [an amount which is at least equal to 
[insert minimum Call Redemption Amount][insert increased Call Redemption Amount]] per Note.] 
[(5)] 
Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. 
If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Bosnia and Herzegovina or 
any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations 
(including relevant court decision), which amendment or change is effective on or after the date on which 
the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Notes that would be likely to result or has resulted in their exclusion in full or in part from liabilities 
eligible for the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) of the Issuer 
pursuant to the Law on Banks and the FBA Decisions on an unlimited and uncapped basis, the Issuer 
may, upon giving not more than [60][[●]][Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30][[●]][Business Days'] 
[days'] prior notice in accordance with § 6[(6)], at any time redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, 
at the Early Redemption Amount, together with interest (if any) accrued to but excluding the date fixed 
for early redemption of the Notes on the date fixed for early redemption in the notice. 
[(6)] 
Notice of Early Redemption. 
Any notice of early redemption of the Notes shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and pursuant 
to § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders and shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes that is to be redeemed; 
(ii) 
a statement as to whether the Series is redeemed in whole or in part and in the latter case the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
the date fixed for early redemption of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
the Early Redemption Amount [in case of an Early Redemption pursuant to § 6[(4)] (Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), insert: or the Call Redemption Amount] at which the Notes 
are redeemed. 
[(7)] 
No Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder. The Holders do not have a right to demand 
an early redemption of the Notes. 
[(8)] 
Early Redemption Amount. 
The Early Redemption Amount of a Note is equal to [the Final Redemption Amount][insert other 
amount/rate] (the "Early Redemption Amount"). 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any early redemption or repurchase, the 
prevailing supervisory regulations applicable to the Issuer permit the early redemption or repurchase 
only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above, 
the Issuer shall comply, instead or in addition (as applicable) with such other and/or, as appropriate, 
additional pre-conditions, if any.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
§ 7 
AGENTS 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents (the "Agents") and their respective specified 
offices are: 
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent": 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
[other/further Fiscal/Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s)] 
["Calculation Agent": 
[The Fiscal Agent shall also act as Calculation Agent.] 
[insert name and address of Calculation Agent]] 
[Other Agents: [insert name and address of other Agents]] 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to change its respective specified office to some 
other specified office in the same country. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint another Fiscal Agent/Paying Agent 
or additional or other Agents in accordance with all applicable regulations. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after 10 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance 
with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing). 
(3) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Agents named above act solely as agent of the Issuer and do not have 
any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) 
Determinations Binding. All determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained under these Conditions by any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer and all other Agents/agents and the Holders. 
§ 8 
TAXATION 
(1) 
Taxation. All amounts payable in respect of interest under the Notes will be made by the Issuer 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
Bosnia and Herzegovina or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as will 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders after such withholding or deduction 
will equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction (the "Additional Amounts"). However, no such 
Additional Amounts will be payable on account of any Taxes which are held by or on behalf of a Holder 
which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by 
reason of it having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note. 
(2) 
FATCA Withholding. The Issuer will be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required 
by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA Withholding"). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay 
additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a Holder, beneficial owner or other intermediary for any such 
FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") in relation to the Notes is reduced to ten years. 
§ 10 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
No Holder shall have the right to accelerate the future scheduled payment of interest or principal under 
the Notes, other than in case of a compulsory liquidation (prisilna likvidacija) or an insolvency (stečaj) 
of the Issuer. 
To the maximum permitted by applicable laws, no Holder shall have the right to accelerate the future 
scheduled payment of interest or principal under the Notes in case of restructuring (restruktuiranje) 
measures, a resolution (unutrasnje restruktuiranje) measure, or any other action or measure that may be 
taken against the Issuer pursuant to the Law on Banks. 
§ 11 
SUBSTITUTION 
This paragraph is not applicable. 
§ 12 
AMENDMENT OF THESE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) 
Amendment of these Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt Securities (Gesetz 
über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree with the Issuer 
on amendments of these Conditions, subject to the consent by the Resolution Authority (or any other 
relevant supervisory authority), if and to the extent required, with regard to matters permitted by the 
SchVG by resolution with the majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be 
binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are 
void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. There will be no amendment of these Conditions without the Issuer's consent. 
(2) 
Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent of the votes cast. 
Resolutions relating to amendments of these Conditions which are not material and which do not relate 
to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3 Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes 
cast. 
(3) 
Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. A 
meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take place 
in the circumstances of § 18 paragraph 4 sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(4) 
Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) 
Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) 
Holders' Representative. 
[If no Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.]

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The common representative 
(the "Holders' Representative") shall be [insert name and address of the Holders' Representative]. 
The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. 
To the extent that the Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, 
the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
§ 13 
FURTHER ISSUES, REPURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same Conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Repurchases. The Issuer may at any time repurchase Notes in any market or otherwise and at 
any price. Notes repurchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered 
to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. 
§ 14 
NOTICES / [NO] STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING 
[If Notes are not intended to be listed, insert: 
(1) 
Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
[If Notes are intended to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, insert: 
(1) 
Publication. As long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, notices concerning the Notes will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange on www.LuxSE.com or such other website or other medium for the publication of notices as 
required in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuer 
will also publish notices on its website (www.raiffeisenbank.ba). Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been validly given to the Holders on the day of such publication. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. If the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the 
Issuer may make a publication referred to in § 14(1) by giving notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in § 14(1) above; 
any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh after the day on which 
the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(3)] 
Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in text form 
(Textform) in the English language. The notice must be accompanied by proof that such notifying Holder 
is holder of the relevant Notes at the time of the giving of such notice. Proof may be made by means of 
a certificate of the Custodian (as defined in § 15(3) (Final Provisions)) or in any other appropriate 
manner. So long as Notes are securitised in the form of a Global Note, such notice may be given by the 
Holder to the Fiscal Agent through the Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the 
Clearing System may approve for such purpose.

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
§ 15 
FINAL PROVISIONS 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders 
and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law, except that the status provisions in § 3 (Status) shall 
be governed by, and shall be construed exclusively in accordance with, Bosnian and Herzegovinian law. 
(2) 
Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. This is subject to any mandatory provisions of laws on jurisdiction over 
consumer contracts, including any right to recourse to alternative dispute resolution mechanism. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes on the 
basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, 
(b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of 
such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Global Note representing the 
Notes in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the actual 
records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights 
under the Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the proceedings. 
(4) 
Language. These Conditions are written in the English language only. 
(5) 
Consumer protection. No provision in these Conditions shall prejudice any mandatory 
provisions of consumer protections laws and the rights Holders may have thereunder.

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.][●] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.][●] 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); EITHER8 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]] OR9 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]10 [●] 
[UNITED KINGDOM ("UK") MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of 
article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority ("FCA") Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); 
EITHER11 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] 12] OR 13 [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the Distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]] [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable].]14 [●] 
 
 
8  
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines"). 
9  
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be 
necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted 
without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
10  
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
11 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
12 
This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where 
all channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
13  
Include for certain ESMA complex Notes (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for 
example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In 
addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make 
the determination of appropriateness. 
14 
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
FINAL TERMS 
[Date] 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes]15 (the "Notes") 
[(to be consolidated, form a single series with and increase the aggregate principal amount of the [Title of 
relevant Series of Notes] issued on [●][and increased on [●]] with the ISIN [●])]16 
Series: [●], Tranche: [●] 
[ISIN […]]17 
[Interim ISIN [●]] 
[Permanent] ISIN [●] 
issued pursuant to the 
EUR 300,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes dated [22] February 2023 of 
Raiffeisen BANK d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina 
Legal Entity Identifier: 529900CEJZKMQ4AKBF28 
Issue Price: [●] per cent 
Issue Date: [●] 
[These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in connection with Article 25(4) of 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 
(as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the prospectus dated 
[22] February 2023 [and the supplement(s) dated [●]] (the "Prospectus") (including the documents 
incorporated into the Prospectus by reference), pertaining to the "EUR 300,000,000 Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme of Raiffeisen BANK d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina" (the "Programme"). Full information 
about Raiffeisen BANK d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus (and any supplement thereto) 
is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.LuxSE.com), on the website of the Issuer (www.raiffeisenbank.ba) and copies may be obtained from 
Raiffeisen BANK d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina, Zmaja od Bosne bb, 71000 Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. 
Investors shall be aware that a supplement to the Prospectus may be published. Such a supplement will be 
published in electronic form on the Issuer's website (www.raiffeisenbank.ba).] 
 
15 
"Notes" in the Final Terms shall have the meaning of "Ordinary Senior Notes" or "Eligible Notes". 
16 
Include only in the case of fungible tranches. 
17 
Include in case of first tranche.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
PART I.: CONDITIONS 
[A. 
In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in this Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert: 
The Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") are as set out below. 
[in case of Ordinary Senior Notes replicate here relevant provisions of Option I including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[in case of Eligible Notes replicate here relevant provisions of Option II including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]] 
[B. 
In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
referring to the relevant provisions set forth in this Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply 
to Ordinary Senior [Eligible] Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in this Prospectus as 
[Option I][Option II]. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in 
the set of Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this part of the Final Terms to numbered Articles and subparagraphs are to Articles and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in the Final Terms which are either not 
selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions 
applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions").]

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
DEFINITIONS (§ 1)18 
 
Business Day 
 
 
 
TARGET 
 
 
[insert relevant financial centres] 
 Interest Determination Date19 
means the [[[second] [insert other applicable 
number of days]] Business Day prior to the 
[commencement] [end]20 of the relevant Interest 
Period.] [first day of the relevant Interest Period.] 
[[●] Business Day[s] prior to [the expiry] [the 
[Floating] Coupon Date] of the relevant Interest 
Period.] 
 Reference Interest Rate21 
means the offered quotation for the 
[number]-month [EURIBOR] [SOFR] which 
appears on the Screen Page as of [11.00 a.m.] 
[insert other relevant time] ([insert relevant time 
zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] 
[determine other day]. 
 Screen Page22 
means [REUTERS Screen Page [EURIBOR01] 
[insert Screen Page and additional information 
if necessary] or each successor page]. 
 EURIBOR 
 
 
EURIBOR floor at 0.00 per cent per annum 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Banks 
[Four] [insert other number] 
 
 
If, on any previous Interest Determination Date, 
the Successor Reference Interest Rate was also 
determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph I), no [other] publication obligations 
will apply for the Issuer in connection with such 
Successor Reference Rate or any adjustments or 
changes made in relation thereto or relating to the 
determination of the [Rate of Interest] [or] [the] 
[Interest Amount] as set out below 
 
 
Early Redemption applicable at the 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption applicable at the 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Redemption Date 
Second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
 SOFR 
 
 
18 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
19  To be completed in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
20 In case of SOFR interest determination in arrear, the Interest Determination Date shall not be less than five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Coupon Date. 
21 
To be completed in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
22 
To be completed in case of Floating Rate Notes or if Reference Interest Rate or Reference Swap Rate is applicable.

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 Reference Swap Rate 
 
 
Reference Swap Rate 
["[insert number of years/months] [year][months] 
[insert relevant currency]"] Swap Rate and means 
[[●] / insert definition /Screen Page] 
 
Reset Reference Bank Rate 
[[insert number of years/months] [year][month] 
Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] Quotations 
provided by [five] [insert other number] leading 
swap dealers in the interbank market at the request 
of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent at 
approximately [insert time] ([insert time zone]) 
 
Redemption Date 
Second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] 
 
Required number of quotations 
[three] [insert other number] 
 
Fallback in case required number of 
quotations is not received 
Reset Reference Bank Rate shall be equal to the 
last 
[[insert 
number 
of 
years/months] 
[year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap rate] 
 
[[insert 
number 
of 
years/months] 
[year][month] Swap Rate] [insert other swap 
rate] Quotation 
[means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg (calculated on [insert day 
count fraction]) of a [insert reference swap rate] 
which (i) has a term of [insert number of 
[years][months]] commencing on the Interest 
Adjustment Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative of a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledgement dealer of good credit in the 
swap market and (iii) has a floating interest based 
on the [insert reference interest rate] (calculated 
on an [insert day count fraction] basis).] 
[insert other definitions for Quotation] 
 
 
If, on any previous Interest Determination Date, 
the Successor Reference Interest Rate was also 
determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph I), no [other] publication obligations 
will apply for the Issuer in connection with such 
Successor Reference Rate or any adjustments or 
changes made in relation thereto or relating to the 
determination of the [Rate of Interest] [or] [the] 
[Interest Amount] as set out below 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, ISSUE DATE(S), FORM, CUSTODY (§ 2) 
 
Currency – Denomination – Issue Date 
 
 
Issue Date 
[●] 
 
Specified Currency 
[●] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[●] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in Words 
[●]

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
Specified Denomination23  
[●] 
 
Form 
 
 
 
Permanent Global Note 
 
 
 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Permanent Global 
Note 
 
 
 
New Global Note (NGN) 
 
 
 
Classical Global Note (CGN) 
 
INTEREST (§ 4) 
 Fixed Rate Notes24  
 
 
Rate of Interest; Interest Period[s] 
 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s] 
 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 
 
Coupon Date(s) 
[insert Coupon Dates] 
 
 
[First Coupon Date] 
[insert First Coupon Date] 
 
 
[Last Coupon Date] 
[insert Last Coupon Date] 
 
 
Short/Long Interest Periods 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
 Fixed to Fixed Rate Notes25  
 
 
Rate of Interest; Interest Periods 
 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
Initial Interest Rate 
 
 
 
Number of Interest Periods 
[insert number] 
 
 
Last [Coupon] [Interest Payment] Date 
of last Interest Period with first Interest 
Rate 
[insert date] 
 
 
Initial Interest Rate 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 
23 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000 at the time of the trade date of the Notes. 
24 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
25 
To be completed in case of Eligible Notes. If not applicable, the following items may be deleted.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 [●] Reset Interest Rate 
 
 
 
First [Coupon] [Interest Payment] Date 
of reset Interest Period with reset 
Interest Rate 
[insert date] 
 
 
Last [Coupon] [Interest Payment] Date 
of last Interest Period with first Interest 
Rate 
[insert date] 
 
 
[●] Reset Interest Rate 
 
 
 
 [●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 Reference 
Swap 
Rate 
[plus][minus] Margin 
[specify margin] 
 
 
 
 plus 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 minus 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 [●] Reset Interest Rate 
 
 
 
First [Coupon] [Interest Payment] Date 
of reset Interest Period with reset 
Interest Rate 
[insert date] 
 
 
Last [Coupon] [Maturity] Date of last 
Interest Period with first Interest Rate 
[insert date] 
 
 
[●] Reset Interest Rate 
 
 
 
 [●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 Reference 
Swap 
Rate 
[plus][minus] Margin 
[specify margin] 
 
 
 
 plus 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 minus 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 
 
Short/Long Interest Periods 
[specify] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
Interest Adjustment Determination Date 
means the [second][insert number of days] 
Business Day prior to the [relevant] Interest 
Adjustment Day. Business Day means for the 
purpose of this paragraph any day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing 
System [if the Specified Currency is EUR or if 
TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: [as 
well as] the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 
(TARGET2) or any successor/replacement system 
("TARGET")] 
[is][are] 
operational [if 
the 
Specified Currency is not EUR or if needed for 
other reasons, insert: [and] commercial banks and

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in [all 
relevant financial centres]] 
 
 
Minimum/Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
 
 
 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the 
[●]] 
[any] 
Interest 
Period 
determined 
in 
accordance with the above provisions is less than 
[insert minimum rate of interest], the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
minimum rate of interest] (Floor). 
 
 
 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the 
[●]] 
[any] 
Interest 
Period 
determined 
in 
accordance with the above provisions is greater 
than [insert maximum rate of interest], the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
maximum rate of interest] (Cap). 
 
 
Notification of Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [●] Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period] 
[first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert 
other date] 
 Floating Rate Notes26  
 
 
Interest 
Period[s], 
Coupon 
Date[s], 
Interest Payment Date[s] 
 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s] 
 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 
 
Coupon Date(s) 
[insert Coupon Dates] 
 
 
[First Coupon Date] 
[insert First Coupon Date] 
 
 
[Last Coupon Date] 
[insert Last Coupon Date] 
 
 
Short/Long Interest Periods 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
26 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted.

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
 EURIBOR 
 
 
 
 Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently] 
 
 
 
 Plus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 Minus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 Compounded Daily SOFR 
 
SOFR floor at 0.00 per cent per annum 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently] 
 
 
 
 Plus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 Minus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
Rounding (for calculation of the 
Compounded 
Daily 
Overnight 
Reference Rate) 
[fifth] [●] decimal place with [0.000005] [●] % 
being rounded upwards 
 
 
Observation Method 
[Lag][Observation Shift] 
 
 
"D", the number of days in the year used 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest 
[insert the relevant number of days] 
 
 
"p" 
[insert number, not less than 5] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day[s] 
 
 Interpolation 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 Factor 
means a positive or negative number and has been 
determined [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] as 
[+][-] [insert number] [insert further] 
 
 Margin 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
 
Minimum/Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
 
 
 If the Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the above provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] 
(Floor). 
 
 
 If the Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the above provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of 
interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert maximum rate of 
interest] (Cap). 
 
 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 Outstanding aggregate principal amount 
 
 
 Specified denomination27  
 
 
27 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000 at the time of the trade date of the Notes.

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
 
Notification of Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 Interest determination in advance 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [●] Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period] 
[first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert 
other date] 
 
 Interest determination in arrear 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[no later than 4 Business Days prior to the expiry 
of the relevant Interest Period] [[the second] [●] 
Business Day prior to the [Coupon Date] [Interest 
Payment Date] of the [relevant] Interest Period] 
 Fixed to [Fixed to] Floating Rate Notes28 
 
Fixed Interest 
 
(1) a) 
Fixed Rate[s] of Interest 
[●] per cent per annum 
[If applicable, insert Fixed Rate(s) of Interest for 
each Interest Period] 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
 
Interest Exchange Day 
means [the [last] Fixed Coupon Date, i.e. [insert 
date]] [the Fixed Interest Payment Date relating to 
the [last] Fixed Coupon Date [i.e. [insert [last] 
Fixed Coupon Date]]]. 
 
 
Fixed Coupon Date(s) 
[●] 
(1) b) 
[First] Fixed Coupon Date 
[●] 
 
 
[Last Fixed Coupon Date] 
[●] 
 
 
[First] [last] short/long Floating Interest 
Period 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
 
 Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
 
 
 
Determination Period means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) 
on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the 
alternative)] in any year to but excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] 
 
 
 Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
 Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
 Actual/360 
 
28 
To be completed in case of Eligible Notes. If not applicable, the following items may be deleted.

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
 
 30/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
 
 30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
 
 360/360 
(2) 
Floating Interest 
 
a) 
Interest 
 
 
 
Adjustment of Floating Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
b) 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
[First] Floating Coupon Date 
[●] 
 
 
[Last Floating Coupon Date] 
[●] 
c) 
[First] [last] short/long Floating Interest 
Period 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
 Interpolation 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 Reference Interest Rate 
 
 
 
[Reference Interest Rate at least 
0.00 per cent per annum 
Yes] 
 
 Factor 
[for the [first] [[●]] Interest Period] as [+][-] [insert 
number] [insert further] 
 
 Margin 
[for the [first] [●] Interest Period] as [●] [for the 
[●] Interest Period] as [●]] [insert further] 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
 
 Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
 
 
 
Determination Period means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) 
on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the 
alternative)] in any year to but excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] 
 
 
 Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
 Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
 Actual/360 
 
 
 30/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
 
 30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
 
 360/360

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
Floating Interest 
 
 
 EURIBOR 
 
 
 
 Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently] 
 
 
 
 Plus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 Minus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 Compounded Daily SOFR 
 
SOFR floor at 0.00 per cent per annum 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently] 
 
 
 
 Plus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
 
 Minus Margin 
[●] percentage points 
 
 
Rounding (for calculation of the 
Compounded 
Daily 
Overnight 
Reference Rate) 
[fifth] [●] decimal place with [0.000005] [●] % 
being rounded upwards 
 
 
Observation Method 
[Lag][Observation Shift] 
 
 
"D", the number of days in the year used 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest 
[insert the relevant number of days] 
 
 
"p" 
[insert number, not less than 5] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day[s] 
 
 Interpolation 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 Factor 
means a positive or negative number and has been 
determined [for the [first] [●] Interest Period] as 
[+][-] [insert number] [insert further] 
 
 Margin 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
 
Minimum/Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
 
 
 If the Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the above provisions is less than [insert minimum rate of interest], 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert minimum rate of interest] 
(Floor). 
 
 
 If the Rate of Interest in respect of [the first] [the [●]] [any] Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the above provisions is greater than [insert maximum rate of 
interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert maximum rate of 
interest] (Cap). 
 
 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 Outstanding aggregate principal amount 
 
 
 Specified denomination29  
 
 
29 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other 
currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000 at the time of the trade date of the Notes.

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
 
Notification of Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 Interest determination in advance 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [●] Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period] 
[first day of the relevant Interest Period] [insert 
other date] 
 
 Interest determination in arrear 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[no later than 3 Business Days prior to the expiry 
of the relevant Interest Period] [[the second] [●] 
Business Day prior to the [Coupon Date] [Interest 
Payment Date] of the [relevant] Interest Period] 
 
 
Day Count Fraction30 
 
 
 
 Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
 
 
 
Determination Period means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) 
on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the 
alternative)] in any year to but excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] 
 
 
 Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
 Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
 Actual/360 
 
 
 30/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
 
 30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
 
 360/360 
PAYMENTS (§ 5) 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
 Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
 Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
 
 
 Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
 
 FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[] [months/other – specify] 
REDEMPTION (§ 6) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
 
 Maturity Date 
[●] 
 
30  To be completed in case of Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 Redemption Month and Redemption 
Year 
[●] 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
 Principal Amount 
 
 Other Amount 
[insert currency and amount greater than or 
equal to the principal amount] 
 
Early Redemption 
 
 Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer 
 
 
Notice Period 
[60][●] [Business Days'] [days'] nor less than 
[30][●] [Business Days'] [days'] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[insert Call Redemption Date[s]] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount[s] 
[and 
corresponding Call Redemption Dates]] 
 
 
 
Minimum 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount 
[principal amount] [an amount which is at least 
equal to [insert minimum Call Redemption 
Amount]] 
 
 
 
Increased 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount 
[insert increased Call Redemption Amount] 
 Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holder31  
 
 
 
Optional Early Redemption Date(s) 
[insert Optional Early Redemption Date[s]] 
 
 
Optional Early Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount[s] [and 
corresponding Optional Redemption Dates]] 
 
 
Minimum Notice Period 
[insert minimum notification period of at least 
5 Business Days] 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period 
[insert maximum notification period] 
 Early 
Redemption 
for 
Regulatory 
Reasons32 
 
Notice Period 
[60][●] [Business Days'] [days'] nor less than 
[30][●] [Business Days'] [days'] 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Final 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[insert 
other 
amount/rate] 
 
31 
Only applicable for Ordinary Senior Notes. 
32  Only applicable for Eligible Notes.

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
AGENTS (§ 7) 
 Additional 
Paying 
Agent(s)/specified 
office(s) 
[other/further Fiscal/Paying Agent(s)/specified 
office(s)] 
 Calculation Agent 
[Fiscal Agent shall act as Calculation Agent] 
[insert name and address of Calculation Agent] 
 Other Agents 
[insert name and address of other Agents] 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT (§ 10) 
 Not applicable 
 
 Applicable 
 
SUBSTITUTION (§ 11)33 
 
 § 11(1)(d) provides for the issuance of a guarantee 
 
 § 11(1)(d) provides for the Substitute Debtor to have the same or better as the respective rating 
of the Issuer 
AMENDMENT OF THESE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE (§ 12) 
 
Appointment of Holders' Representative 
 
 
 Appointment by resolution passed by 
Holders 
 
 
 Appointed in the Conditions 
[insert name, address and contact details of 
Holders' Representative] 
NOTICES (§ 14) 
 Notes are not intended to be listed 
 Notes are intended to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
 Notes are intended to be listed on any other Stock Exchange 
 
 
33  Only applicable for Ordinary Senior Notes.

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
PART II.: OTHER INFORMATION 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue 
 
Other interests (not included in the 
Prospectus 
under 
"GENERAL 
INFORMATION / Conflicts of Interest") 
[specify other interests] 
Use of proceeds34  
 
 
Use of Proceeds 
[As set out in the Prospectus]  
[specify other use of proceeds] 
 
[Estimated net proceeds 
[●]] 
Selling Restrictions 
 
 
TEFRA C 
 
 
TEFRA D 
 
ECB-eligible Security35 
[Yes][No] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
 
[Interim ISIN]36  
[Permanent]36 ISIN 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[Interim Common Code]36 
[Permanent]36 Common Code 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Any other securities number 
[●] 
 
34 
See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in this Prospectus. If the use of proceeds is different from the use of proceeds as stated in this 
Prospectus include such use here. 
35 
Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper (and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper) or in any other 
way admissible pursuant to the Eurosystem eligibility criteria, and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met. [Include this text if "yes" is selected in which case the Notes must be issued in NGN form or in any other form 
admissible pursuant to ECB eligibility criteria.] 
Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper (and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper) or in any other way 
admissible pursuant to Eurosystem eligibility criteria. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
36 
Include only in the case of fungible tranches.

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
Yield37  
[Not applicable] 
 
[Yield] 
[Unified Yield Rate] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals 
by virtue of which the Notes have been 
created and/or issued 
[●] 
[ 
Registration 
of 
the 
Administrator 
pursuant to the Benchmark Regulation38  
 
 
Benchmark 
[insert name of the Benchmark] 
 
Benchmark Administrator 
[insert name of the Administrator] 
 
Registration 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17 /EU and Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 (the "Benchmark Regulation") 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, [[insert benchmark] does not fall within 
the scope of the Benchmark Regulation by virtue of 
Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation] [the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmark Regulation apply], such that [insert 
name of Administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain [insert in case relevant administrator is 
located 
within 
the 
EEA: 
authorisation 
or 
registration] [insert in case relevant administrator 
is 
located 
outside 
the 
EEA: 
recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence].]] 
 
Method of distribution 
 
 
Non-syndicated 
 
 
Syndicated 
 
 
Management details including form of commitment 
 
[Management Group (specify name(s) and 
address(es) and LEI)] 
[●] 
 
[Dealer] 
[●] 
 
Firm commitment 
[●] 
 
No firm commitment / best efforts 
arrangements 
[●] 
 
Stabilisation Dealer/Manager 
 
 
Stabilisation Dealer/Manager 
[insert details][None] 
 
37 
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
38 
Insert only in case of Notes which reference to a Benchmark, whose administrator has not been disclosed in this Prospectus.

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
Intended Admission(s) to Trading and 
Listing(s) 
 
 
Admission(s) to Trading and Listing(s) 
[Yes][No][Application [has been][will be] made] 
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange: Admission: 
Regulated Market / Listing: Official List 
 
 
Other (insert details) 
[●] 
 
Expected date of admission 
[●] 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to 
admission to trading 
[●] 
 
If different from the issuer, the identity and 
contact details of the person asking for 
admission to trading, including the legal 
entity identifier (LEI) where the person 
asking for admission to trading has legal 
personality. 
[●] 
 
Rating39  
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been] [are 
expected to be] rated: 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]]] 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider] 
 
 
This credit rating [has] [is] / These credit 
ratings [have been] [are expected to be] 
issued by [insert full name of legal entity 
which has given / is expected to give the 
rating] which [[is] [are] established in the 
European Union, [is] [are] registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended and [is] [are] 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered 
in 
accordance 
with 
this 
Regulation published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/
credit-rating-agencies/risk).] 
[[is] [are] not established in the European 
Union and [is not][are not] registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 
 
 
39 
Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis.

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies.] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors40  
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Third Party Information 
 
 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party 
(i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no 
facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information 
and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.] 
 
Raiffeisen BANK d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina 
 
 
 
 ________________________________________ 
 _______________________________________ 
[Name & title of signatories] 
 
 
 
40 
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and a KID will be prepared, "not applicable" should be specified.

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to generate funding, to hedge certain 
risks or to take advantage of current market opportunities (arbitrage).  
If, in respect of any particular issue, there exists a particular identified use of proceeds other than using the 
net proceeds for the above-mentioned reasons, then this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. In any 
case, the Issuer is free in the use of proceeds from each issue of Notes.  
Notes may be issued as ESG Bonds and the relevant Final Terms will indicate if the Notes are intended to 
constitute ESG Bonds. The Sustainability Bond Framework is published on its website 
(www.raiffeisenbank.ba). The Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue 
of ESG Bonds to Eligible Projects, in line with the Sustainability Bond Framework. The Sustainability 
Bond Framework may be updated or amended from time to time to reflect current market practice. Any 
amendments to the Sustainability Bond Framework will also be available on the Issuer's website: 
https://raiffeisenbank.ba/dokumenti/sustainable-bond-framework.

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
Corporate history and development of the Issuer 
Raiffeisen BANK d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina operates under that name since July 2000. The history of the 
Bank began in November 1992 when local privately owned Market Banka d.d. (predecessor of the Issuer) 
was incorporated. Thereafter, in May 1997, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development 
("EBRD") joined the ownership structure of Market Banka d.d. as the largest single shareholder. 
In July 2000, Raiffeisen Zentralbank AG ("RZB") as the predecessor of Raiffeisen International Group AG 
("RBI") acquired Market Banka d.d. and changed its name to Raiffeisen BANK d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina. 
In May 2001, RZB became a 100% owner of Hrvatska Poštanska Banka d.d. and renamed it to Raiffeisen 
BANK HPB ("RBHPB"). RBHPB was merged with the Issuer in December 2002 and since January 2003 
Raiffeisen BANK d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina operates in the current form. 
The Issuer is a fully owned subsidiary of Raiffeisen SEE Region Holding GmbH ("RSRH") and part of the 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG Group ("RBI Group"). RBI Group is the one of the leading bank groups 
in Central and Eastern Europe and Austria. 
General information about the Issuer 
The Issuer's legal name is "Raiffeisen BANK d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina" and the commercial name is 
"RBBH". The Issuer is organised as a joint-stock company (dioničko društvo) incorporated and carrying 
out its activity in accordance with the Bosnia and Herzegovina ("BiH") law. The Issuer is registered in the 
Court Register (Sudski registar) of the Sarajevo Municipality Court (Općinski sud u Sarajevu) under 
Company Reg. No. 42000344670009 personal identification number 4200344670009, and the Issuer is a 
BiH tax resident. The Issuer's legal entity identifier (LEI) code is 529900CEJZKMQ4AKBF28. 
The Issuer was incorporated in BiH and is established for an indefinite period. The Issuer's registered office 
is located at Zmaja od Bosne bb, 71000 Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, general phone number 
+387/33/755-010 and its official website is: www.raiffeisenbank.ba. The information on the Issuer's 
website does not form part of this Prospectus unless that information is explicitly incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF (please see section "Information 
Incorporated by Reference" below). 
The Issuer has been licenced to provide banking activities with the authorisation for operation granted by 
the Federal Banking Agency ("FBA") and the Banking Agency of Republic of Srpska (ABRS). The 
Banking Agency of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina issued following license: a) License to 
conduct banking operations as a Market Bank, No. 01-049-15/96. dated 24 December 1996, b) License to 
carry out internal payment transactions, transactions of low and medium risk No. 01-318/00 dated 13 April 
2000 and c) The Banking Agency of Republic of Srpska issued Decision for internal payment transactions 
No. 05-1413/2001. dated 25 December 2001. 
Also, the Issuer is authorised to perform capital markets related activities in FBiH and in the Republic of 
Srpska based on licenses issued by the Securities Commission of FBiH ("KVP FBiH") and the Securities 
Commission of Republic of Srpska ("KHOV RS"). Depository services for investment funds have been 
offered since August 2003, while depository services for brokerage houses and in the securities issuance 
since November 2005. Custody service has been offered since May 2006 and in addition in January 2007, 
Republic of Srpska Securities Commission ("KHOV") issued the license for custody services in Republic 
of Srpska ("RS"). After the merger of its subsidiary Raiffeisen BROKERS d.o.o. on 1 May 2011 the Issuer 
has got the licence for proprietary activities on Sarajevo Stock Exchange ("SASE") as well as for brokerage 
and issuing agent services. 
The Issuer's sole shareholder is RSRH (with a stake of 100% of the shares of the Issuer). RSRH is indirectly 
held by RBI. 
Statutory auditors 
The Issuer's independent auditor in relation to the financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal year ended 
on 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with statutory accounting requirements for banks in the 
Federation of BiH, was KPMG B-H d.o.o. ("KPMG"), Zmaja od Bosne 7-7a, 71000 Sarajevo, BiH.

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
The Issuer's independent auditor in relation to the financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal year ended 
on 31 December 2021, prepared in accordance with statutory accounting requirements for banks in the 
Federation of BiH, was Deloitte d.o.o. Sarajevo ("Deloitte"), Zmaja od Bosne 12c, 71000 Sarajevo, BiH. 
For the fiscal year ended on 31 December 2020, the Issuer only prepared standalone financial statements. 
Consolidated financial statements of the Issuer were prepared for the first time for the fiscal year ended on 
31 December 2021. The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal year ended on 
31 December 2021 include comparative figures for the fiscal year ended on 31 December 2020. 
KPMG and Deloitte are both members of the Audit Chamber of the Federation of BiH (Revizorka komora 
FBiH). 
The legal requirements for bank accounting in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina are based on IFRS 
and as prescribed by the Law on Accounting and Auditing in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, 
also taking into account special accounting requirements prescribed by the by-laws issued of the Federal 
Banking Agency. The local accounting requirements are not entirely in line with the IFRS (please see 
section on Risk Factors "Applicable accounting rules in FBiH to which the Issuer is subject to in its 
reporting are not fully compliant with IFRS-9"). In particular, the Federal Banking Agency adopted 
the Accounting Decision, applicable from 1 January 2020 which resulted in certain differences resulting 
from the calculation of impairment for credit losses due to the application of minimum rates prescribed by 
the Accounting Decision, which are not required by IFRS-9. The decision also has an impact on the 
valuation of non-financial assets arising from credit operations (acquired tangible assets whose valuation 
is within the scope of other relevant IFRS). In each year, the audits of the above-mentioned financial 
statements resulted in an unqualified audit opinion. 
Any recent events particular to the Issuer and which are to a material extent relevant for the evaluation 
of its solvency 
Apart from the overall risks associated with the geopolitical and macroeconomic risks triggered by the war 
in Ukraine, which may in particular affect the Issuer, the Issuer is not aware of any recent events which are 
particular to the Issuer (i.e. occurring after the most recent published audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as of 31 December 2021) that are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of 
its solvency. 
Credit ratings 
The Issuer has obtained ratings from Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's")*. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, such ratings are as follows: 
Type 
Rating 
Outlook 
Long Term Counterparty Risk Rating 
B1 
Stable 
Long Term Deposit Rating (Local Currency) 
B1  
Stable 
Long Term Deposit Rating (Foreign Currency) 
B3 
Stable 
*  Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Limited, Porto Bello Building, 1, Siafi Street, 3042 Limassol, PO Box 53205, CY 3301 
Limassol, Cyprus is established in the European Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation") and is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Principle areas of activity 
The Issuer's statutory purpose is to engage in banking and financial business of any kind and in other related 
activities, in accordance with the applicable laws and within the authorisation for operation granted by the 
FBA and the KVP FBiH. The Issuer's core area of business activity is monetary and financial intermediation 
and the principal object of activity are activities related to monetary intermediation, which is primarily 
oriented to deposits and savings collection and placement of loans to private individuals and legal entity 
clients. The Issuer is also licenced to perform the capital markets activities, such as: custody and depository

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
business, brokerage business, issuing agent services with securities in capital markets (DCM and ECM 
services), separate asset management company. 
General presentation of main categories of the products sold and services performed 
The Issuer's business activities are subdivided into the following main segments in line with existing 
internal organisation: 
• 
Retail Banking 
• 
MSME Banking 
• 
Corporate Banking 
• 
Treasury, Capital Markets and Financial markets 
Retail Banking 
Private Individuals 
The Issuer offers banking products to private individual customers ("PI"). The Issuer creates products and 
services based on the customer needs which are established through market research conducted by the 
external agencies or by internal effort. 
The Issuer is focused on two private individuals (PI) segments: mass (regular or mass clients) and premium 
(clients with certain level of income or savings in the bank or longstanding relationship with the Bank), 
adjusting its service model and product offer suited for those customer groups and they tend to offer various 
products and financial services needed to fulfil customer expectations. 
Also, clients might get in touch with the Bank through alternative channels like e-banking, call centre or 
by official e-mail address and they can apply online through the Issuer's website for certain products like 
current account, credit card or loans and get certain discounts. 
As the market expands and various distribution channels are put in place in order to ease the customer's 
access to banking, RBBH has introduced an innovative web platform for so called "Ikeš loan" (E-cash) 
where customers will apply for a cash loan and receive approval information. Until the implementation of 
digital signature and audio-video identification become fully legally recognised by laws in BiH it will be a 
E2B (end to branch) process, and subsequently become an E2E (end to end) process.  
In October 2022, the Bank replaced all Debit and Credit cards with recycled material to support its 
sustainability goals. 
The PI segment introduced two ESG products in 2019: Housing and Purpose Energy Efficiency loans which 
were primarily supported by financing of the supranational creditors. 
Digital daily banking products 
In accordance with global trends and the strategic orientation of RBI Group, the Issuer has further advanced 
its daily digital services at disposal to its customers with the further trend of digitalisation of its products 
and services now offering even more service-related features on its mobile banking application "Raiffeisen 
Mobile Banking (RmB)". 
In 2021, 100,000 customers recognised the value of RmB and were active on the application, with 30% of 
all active users making at least one transaction using the application. Trend of growth has continued into 
2022 where the Bank now counts over 118,000 active users according to the Bank's internal research and 
analysis of the digital channels use by the customers. 
Further advancing the customer-first approach and in accordance with customers' feedback, the Issuer is 
planning to expand its digital offering in the legal entities segment – where the plan is to maximise the 
options for the customers, by implementing in parallel, two digital services for the legal entities segment at 
the same time – mobile banking, which would be the first mobile banking application for legal entities on

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
the Bank's market, and new internet banking – both to be developed and implemented in accordance with 
the latest technologies and microservice architecture, ensuring fastest delivery and consistency. 
Since the fourth quarter 2022, customers can also have a comprehensive conversation with a Chatbot on 
different channels – web, Viber, Facebook, RmB. 
Access to financing products 
The Issuer offers various financing instruments to private individual (PI) customers such as personal loans, 
mortgage loans, credit cards and overdrafts. The Issuer seeks to attract new customers and retain existing 
ones by offering certain benefits in connection with its financing products such as the possibility to choose 
the type of repayment (applicable to mortgage loans) and a fast and automated loan offer calculation. 
Repayment for credit card transactions can be divided into up to 24 instalments and the Issuer offers micro 
loans. The Issuer provides its customers with the option to access financing products online (applicable to 
personal loans) via their internet banking or Issuer website and proactively makes pre-approved loan offers 
available to existing customers on the internet banking and mobile banking application (applicable to 
eLoan, which is a personal loan product). 
Saving and Investment products 
To private individuals, the Issuer offers term deposits as well as savings plans in cooperation with 
Raiffeisen INVEST d.d. ("Raiffeisen INVEST") investment funds. Customers have the opportunity to save 
and invest by investing in three Raiffeisen INVEST funds opened-ended investment funds which are 
available subject to the customer's segment/wealth and the customer's risk profile. Raiffeisen INVEST, was 
established in 2011, currently has three investment funds under management (money-market fund, bond 
fund and mixed assets fund), with almost BAM 500 million of assets under management as of 
31 December 2021 making it the biggest non-banking financial institution in Bosnia and Herzegovina 
according to the statistics from the Central Bank of Bosnia and Herzegovina (CBBH). Raiffeisen CASH, 
open-ended investment fund, is a money market fund with the investment objective to generate yield by 
investing primary in short-term assets. The fund is continuously exposed to money and bond markets, with 
investments of at least 60% of its net assets into financial instruments with maturity up to one year, as at 
the date of this Prospectus. Raiffeisen EURO BOND, open-ended investment fund, is a bond fund in EUR, 
with the investment objective to achieve higher yield than interest on mid-term bank deposits denominated 
in euro. The fund's assets are invested predominantly in debt securities. Raiffeisen BALANCE ESG, open-
ended investment fund, is a mixed assets fund with longer recommended investment period and higher 
expected yield in comparison to the other two funds. The fund's assets are invested into bonds and equities 
of foreign issuers. The structure of the investments and portfolio is in line with ESG principles applied by 
Raiffeisen Capital Management GmbH, Austria, thus making it the first ESG compliant fund in BiH. 
The Issuer also provides the possibility to trade local stocks and bonds in the Sarajevo Stock Exchange and 
Banja Luka Stock Exchange (through the subsidiary brokerage house: Raiffeisen CAPITAL a.d. Banja 
Luka) to all PI and legal entity clients. In addition, the clients have the opportunity to trade and issue orders 
via online trading platform "eTrading" or by giving orders to brokers via email for local and foreign 
markets. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Bank provides access to more than 60 world-wide markets 
from the primary Euro market to various stock exchanges by forwarding clients orders to international 
brokers which are then settled through the Bank's custody channel. 
Small and medium-sized enterprises 
Considering the specifics of the BiH market, the Micro, Small and Medium-sized Enterprises ("MSMEs") 
segment comprises of MSMEs with private capital and annual turnover up to EUR 2.90 million according 
to the local segmentation of the Bank as well as credit exposure up to EUR 1.74 million. 
The Bank offers various products and financial services needed to fulfill customer expectations. 
Besides the main branch network, MSME clients can get in touch with the Bank through alternative 
channels like e-banking, call center or official e-mail addresses. 
The Bank also offers specific products, such as ESG loans as well as "women in business" (to support 
gender equality and strengthening women position in society).

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
Recently, the Issuer started centralised customer support based in the MSME department whose main goal 
is to simplify and speed up customer issue solving and prevent/reduce number of further complaints. 
Digital solutions like internet banking seek to enhance customer experience for MSMEs, ensure 24/7 
availability. Activities on improving e-banking and creating new mobile banking are in progress and until 
the fourth quarter of 2023 the Bank plans to go live with this solution. As at the date of this Prospectus, 
92% of the overall transactions are being made through e-banking and 62.63% of our clients are active e-
banking clients according to the internal research and analysis of the Bank. 
Corporate Banking 
Considering the specifics of the BiH market, the corporate segment according to local Bank's segmentation 
comprises of companies with annual turnover over EUR 2.90 million. 
The general strategy of the corporate division is the development of continuous relationships with large and 
mid-sized corporate customers, with a focus on quality built on knowledge and expertise in tailor made 
financial services for corporate clients. The aim of the corporate division is to support its customers in 
financial growth and stability through solutions provided in harmonised approach within the Issuer and its 
Group. 
The Corporate banking business line is made up of four (4) organisational units subject to the type of the 
client: 
• 
Local Large Corporate Clients and Regional Authorities (LLC+RA) which includes International 
Corporate Clients (ICC) and Global Account Management System companies (GAMS) which 
work with several network units of RBI Group; 
• 
Corporate Mid-Market (CMM); 
• 
Corporate Products and Sales support and Trade finance; and 
• 
Middle office. 
Also, Corporate banking business is organised in two (2) segments by turnover and size of the clients' 
business: 
• 
Large companies with annual turnover over EUR 7.66 million and Group Account Management 
System customers (customers dealing with min. two Raiffeisen network banks within certain 
thresholds) and Regional authorities- LLC, ICC and GAMS+RA; and 
• 
Medium (Mid) companies with turnover in the range from EUR 2.90 million to 7.66 million. 
Financial solutions for large companies are often tailor made, provided within the scope of large local 
multinational and regional authorities as well as central governments in the country. Dealing with large 
local and multinational companies requires expert knowledge and support in all areas, especially in the cash 
management area. Trade finance services has been recognised as number one in the market by the EBRD, 
by its expertise and volume for years. On the other hand, investments in large projects by large companies 
covers usually complex transactions supported often by syndicated loans where the Bank is one of the key 
participants in the market. 
Mid segment is organised within key geographical regions of the country which are organised as so-called 
"Business centres". 
The Issuer's corporate strategy is focused on the following main areas: 
• 
Providing a secure business model which can address customers' needs in the most appropriate 
way, providing efficient processes and an optimal experience for its customers and increasing 
customer satisfaction. 
• 
Boosting sales efficiency through data analytics and structured sales approach (using advisory 
model, account planning and sales leads derived using data analytics).

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
• 
Increased process efficiency, both internally and externally, through increasing the digital offering 
realised through several initiatives, including: 
1. 
increased digital services including account opening and maintenance. 
2. 
the utilisation of limits on the transactions effected via digital channels. 
3. 
a commitment to responsible corporate practice, including – products and services for 
sustainable business, according to environmental, social and governance (ESG) aspects 
and products being in line with the EU Taxonomy Regulation (Green buildings, Energy 
efficiency loans, medium companies (under local segmentation) financing for achieving 
higher growth and sustainability of the country, green transport in both corporate and 
leasing); and 
4. 
a harmonised business and risk approach reflected in a wide range of processes and 
products combining regulatory requirements and process efficiency (KYC optimisation of 
lending process, differentiation approach for low risk and simple products). 
Treasury, Capital Markets and Financial markets 
Capital Markets  
The markets division of the Issuer ("MD") covers the needs of the Issuer's customers interested in the capital 
markets and FX products, as well as transactions with financial instruments. The Issuer covers customer 
segments (legal entities, financial institutions) for specific products that it may sell based on the approved 
distribution model (FX spot, plain-vanilla FX derivatives-FX forward), as well as being involved in 
interbank transactions based on the market risk set of limits approved specifically for MD. MD is also active 
in the local Federal and Republic of Srpska debt capital markets in line with the approved limits, and offers 
FX spot and plain vanilla FX derivatives (FX forward) for trading desk customers (legal entities customers). 
The Issuer offers its customers services relating to arranging the issues of financial instruments on the 
Sarajevo Stock Exchange and related services in accordance with the securities market law of FBiH. 
The Issuer provides the possibility to trade stocks and bonds listed on the Sarajevo Stock Exchange through 
its brokerage department and also on the Banja Luka Stock Exchange through the subsidiary brokerage 
house, Raiffeisen CAPITAL a.d. Banja Luka to all client segments. As at the date of this Prospectus, the 
Bank provides its clients access to more than 60 world-wide markets, from the primary Euro market to 
various stock exchanges through the international brokers settling transactions through the Bank's custody 
service. MD also offers comprehensive insight into current economic and capital markets trends via its 
regular publications of research department. 
Custody services include safe keeping of local and foreign financial instruments as well as a range of 
additional services (transactions processing, securities settlement, corporate actions services, taxation, 
reporting, billing, paying and information agent services) provided to all types of clients (from retail, 
corporate to FI clients). Depositary bank services are focused on investment funds and include control of 
funds valuation, reporting, legal limits control activities, settlement, billing. The Issuer also offers services 
of the depository bank for brokerage houses and for issuers of securities on local primary market according 
to the legislation. 
The key strategic objective for MD is to improve its digitalisation level of low risk-taking transactional 
business for its clients. 
Financial institutions 
The financial institutions segment deals with financial institutions as high-profile clients with excellent 
expertise in the financial field. On the one hand, there are clients who are mostly investors such as insurance 
companies, AMCs (Asset Management Companies), IFs (Investments Funds) and on the other hand there 
are the clients who are interested in taking loans to finance their credit portfolios like microcredit 
organisations (MCO) to place further to micro-credit clients. Apart from this, FIs (Financial Institutions) 
are also regular clients for other standard products of the Issuer like current accounts, savings and term 
deposits, payments, business cards, trade finance, leasing.

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
The general strategy is to have a continuous relationship providing excellent service and support the 
financial institutions clients in their core business activities. 
Market Position 
Bank's position in the market as of 31 December 2021 
Rank 
Bank 
Total Assets (bn BAM) 
Market Share 
1 
UniCredit Group 
7.97 
22.5% 
2 
Raiffeisen BANK dd 
4.88 
13.8% 
3 
NLB Group 
3.24 
9.1% 
4 
Sberbank Group 
2.70 
7.6% 
5 
Nova Banka ad 
2.66 
7.5% 
Source: The Issuer's public disclosed financial data as of December 2021 and public disclosed financial 
data for market competitors 
Treasury 
The Asset and Liability Management Department ("Treasury") is responsible for the strategic management 
of the Issuer's assets and liabilities with the main goal of generating sustainable net interest income for the 
Issuer. By steering the on and off-balance sheet of the Issuer through taking strategic positions (liquidity, 
interest rate, credit spread), Treasury manages the risk and return profile of the Bank. 
Treasury manages the structural interest rate risk in the banking book arising from the structure of the 
balance sheet which is driven by principal main banking activities such as deposit gathering and loan 
granting. Interest rate risk refers to the current and prospective risk to the Bank's capital equity and earnings 
arising from adverse movement in interest rates that affect the banking book positions. Effective 
management of exposure to interest rate risk affects the Issuer's earnings by altering interest sensitive 
income and expenses which is reflected on Issuer's net interest income ("NII") and economic value. 
In order to make itself less dependent on short term financing and thus ensure an adequate level of liquidity 
under stress conditions, the Issuer maintains a liquidity reserve comprised of high-quality liquid assets 
("HQLA"), including cash held at the CBBH as well as bonds (the portfolio in which significant portion 
are bonds issues eligible to the European Central Bank). Such assets are sufficiently liquid and can be 
converted easily and immediately into cash to meet the Issuer's short–term liquidity needs. 
Liquidity Cover Ratios ("LCR") and Net Stable Financing Ratios ("NSFR") of Raiffeisen BANK d.d. BiH 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
As of 31 December 2021 
LCR % 
379% 
268% 
NSFR % 
174% 
178% 
LCR & NSFR Regulatory minimum 
100% 
100% 
LCR Internal minimum 
140% 
140% 
Source: Bank's financial statements for regulatory purposes of the FBA

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
Source of funding 
in % of total funding 
As of 31 December 2020 
As of 31 December 2021 
Legal entities 
39.7% 
40.0% 
- Avista deposits  
29.4% 
32.6% 
- Special purpose deposits  
1.2% 
0.9% 
- Term deposits 
9.1% 
6.5% 
Private individuals 
55.7% 
56.2% 
- Avista deposits  
37.3% 
37.6% 
- Special purpose deposits  
0.3% 
0.4% 
- Term deposits   
18.1% 
18.3% 
Banks 
0.0% 
0.1% 
- Term deposit  
0.0% 
0.0% 
Credit lines 
3% 
2.2% 
Subordinated loan 
1.5% 
1.5% 
Total source of funding 
100% 
100% 
Source: Bank's financial statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
Loan portfolio structure 
As of 31 December 2020 
As of 31 December 2021 
Legal entities 
39% 
36.5% 
- Short term loans 
16.5% 
16.3% 
- Long term loans 
22.5% 
20.2% 
Private individuals 
61% 
63.5% 
- Short term loans 
1.9% 
1.8% 
- Long term loans 
59.1% 
61.7% 
Total loan portfolio 
100% 
100.0% 
Source: Bank's financial statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
Capital requirements 
Implementation of the risk profile at the Issuer's level is realised by establishing a strategy for each 
significant risk and implementation of corresponding policies. The Issuer adopted policies for managing 
significant risks, ensuring the implementation of the adequate risk profile. 
The main objective of the risk management activity in the Issuer is to maintain an adequate level of internal 
capital in relation to the risks taken, from a regulatory (sustainability) perspective and internally assessed 
capital need for coverage of risk taken.

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
The minimum capital requirements are as follows: 
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital ratio: 6.75% 
• 
Tier 1 capital ratio: 9% 
• 
Total capital ratio: 12% 
In addition to the statutory minimum adequacy rate, the Bank is also required to provide a protection buffer 
for capital preservation that is to be maintained in the form of Tier 1 capital in the amount of 2.5% of the 
total exposure amount. 
The total risk weighted exposure amounts used to calculate capital adequacy includes:  
• 
the risk of weighted assets and credit equivalents,  
• 
position, currency, commodity risk and  
• 
operational risk 
Actual capital structure  
(% RWA1) 
31 December 2020 audited 
31 December 2021 audited 
CET1 
16.60% 
17.08% 
Tier 1 
16.60% 
17.08% 
CAR2 
18.45% 
18.43% 
1 RWA – Risk weighted assets 
2 CAR – Capital adequacy ratio 
Source: Bank's financial statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The RBI Group 
The Issuer is a subsidiary of RBI and is part of the RBI Group. RBI is established in the legal form of an 
Austrian stock corporation under Austrian law with unlimited duration with its registered seat in Vienna, 
Austria and its principle place of business is located at Am Stadtpark 9, 1030 Vienna, Austria. RBI is 
registered with the Austrian companies register of the commercial court of Vienna under registration 
number FN 122119 m since 9 July 1991. 
RBI operates as a credit institution according to § 1 para 1 of the Austrian Banking Act (Bankwesengesetz) 
and its shares are listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange. 
RBI regards Austria, where it engages primarily in corporate and investment banking, as well as Central 
and Eastern Europe ("CEE") as its home market. RBI Group is a universal banking group offering banking 
and financial products as well as services to retail and corporate customers, financial institutions and public 
sector entities predominantly in or with a connection to Austria and CEE. 
In CEE, RBI operates through subsidiary banks in Albania, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, 
Czech Republic, Hungary, Kosovo, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia and Ukraine as well as through a 
branch in Poland and leasing companies and numerous specialised financial service providers. 
Due to the war in Ukraine which led to an unprecedented situation, RBI is considering various strategic 
options for the future of its subsidiaries AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia, and Priorbank JSC, Belarus, up to and 
including a carefully managed exit from AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia, and Priorbank JSC, Belarus. 
Additionally, the RBI Group comprises numerous other financial service providers, for instance in the fields 
of leasing, asset management, as well as M&A. To support its business activities, RBI operates 
representative offices and service branches at selected Asian and Western European locations.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
The RBI Group is present in Bosnia and Herzegovina through its indirectly owned (directly owned by the 
Issuer) subsidiaries on different segments of the financial market, such as: banking, investment funds 
management, leasing, insurance, brokerage business. 
Principal subsidiaries of the Issuer 
As of the date of this Prospectus the Issuer has the following principal subsidiaries, which are wholly owned 
by the Issuer (the "Group"): 
• 
Raiffeisen Leasing d.o.o. Sarajevo is registered for leasing business, specifically: sale of cars and 
motor vehicles, warehousing and storage, financial leasing, buying and selling of own real estate, 
renting and operating of own or leased real estate, renting and leasing of: cars, light motor vehicles, 
trucks, recreational and sports goods, other personal and household goods, agricultural machinery 
and equipment, construction and civil engineering machinery and equipment, office machinery and 
equipment (including computers), water transport equipment, air transport equipment, other 
machinery, equipment and tangible goods. 
• 
Raiffeisen Invest d.d. Sarajevo is registered for fund management activities which include: the 
management of the fund's assets, the promotion of investment funds and the sale of participations 
in open-ended investment funds and shares in closed-ended investment fund and prescribed 
administrative tasks. 
• 
Raiffeisen Assistance d.o.o. Sarajevo is registered for activities of insurance agents and brokers, 
within that scope performs insurance brokerage. The sole professional goal of the company is to 
initiate, recommend and carry out activities leading to the conclusion of insurance agreements or 
to enter into insurance agreements by itself. The company may assist in the implementation and 
execution of insurance agreements, especially in case of indemnity claims. The company may offer 
advisory services under the special provisions of individual insurance agreements during the 
insurance cover period. 
• 
Raiffeisen Capital a.d. Banja Luka is registered for brokerage in securities trading and trade 
agreements. Within this activity, the company performs brokerage operations on customer's 
request (on its own behalf and for the account of customer) and charge a fee (brokerage operations). 
To put the above-mentioned principal subsidiaries of the Issuer in perspective in the context of the Group, 
the Issuer represents as of 31 December 2021 more than 98% of the Group's assets. 
For regulatory purposes, MREL requirements are calculated at the level of the Issuer and resolution and 
recovery is conducted on the level of the Issuer.  
Dependencies on other entities within the RBI Group 
The Issuer is operationally independent from the RBI Group, but strategically integrated in the RBI Group's 
operations with steering influences received in virtue of the ownership position. As such, material changes 
in the strategy at the RBI Group level can result in changes with regards to steering direction at the Issuer 
level. Also, the Issuer represents the RBI Group within the local market, thus any perceived adverse effect 
at the RBI Group level may have an adverse effect on the Issuer. 
TREND INFORMATION 
Material adverse changes in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, since 31 December 2021, the date 
of its last published audited financial statements. 
Significant change in the financial performance and financial position of the Group since the end of 
the last financial period for which financial information has been published 
Save as disclosed under the heading "Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, 
commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Issuer's prospects for at 
least the current fiscal year" below, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
financial position of the Group since 31 December 2021, the end of the last financial period for which 
financial information has been published to the date of this Prospectus. 
Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are 
reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Issuer's prospects for at least the current fiscal year 
The Issuer has identified the following trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments, or events that are 
reasonably likely to have a material effect on its prospects for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022 and 
the fiscal year ending 31 December 2023: 
• 
War in Ukraine 
The ongoing war in Ukraine and associated political conflicts with restrictions on trade and capital 
transactions are likely to have a material effect on the Issuer's prospects. The future development 
of this conflict is inherently volatile and unpredictable, the political and economic stability in 
Europe remains uncertain and vulnerable with rising inflationary and interest rate risks. 
• 
COVID-19 pandemic 
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has impacted the Issuer's 2021 results versus its 2021 budget 
as approved in 2020. Restrictions on the movement of people were eased during spring-summer 
2021, which enabled the achievement of better-than-expected results in retail, tourism and leisure 
services related activities of the Bank's clients. The increase in revenues at companies with a 
pronounced seasonality of sales in the summer tourist season, enabled the continuation of debt 
repayment after the expiration of the moratoria. As a result, loss provisions were reduced, which 
increased the profitability of the Bank. Long term impacts and effects of the ongoing COVID-19 
pandemic cannot be fully assessed at this time, and uncertainty may linger for a significant period, 
triggering potential negative consequences for the business prospects of the Issuer. 
• 
Continuing increasing capital and regulatory requirements by the local regulator (Federal 
Banking Agency) 
The regulatory requirements recently introduced by the FBA, the introduction of certain aspects of 
the EU Banking regulation package related to the CRR, CRD IV and BRRD and the Basel III 
reforms in the local banking sector (for further details see also in the section Risk Factors under 
"The Issuer is subject to substantial regulation and supervision. Any new governmental or 
regulatory requirement and/or any change in perceived levels of adequate capitalisation and 
leverage could subject the Issuer to increased capital requirements and require the Issuer to obtain 
additional capital or liquidity in the future.") as well as any stress tests conducted by the competent 
authorities, will likely result in increased requirements for the Issuer – in particular on its capital 
and liquidity planning – which may restrict the Issuer's net margin and potential for growth. 
• 
General trends related to European monetary policy outlook and financial services industry 
The uncertainties affecting the financial services sector, in addition to the aforementioned effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic, continue to include the macroeconomic environment and outlook. 
The financial services sector is affected by related instability and volatility on the financial markets 
which has been reported in 2021 and 2022. Elevated inflationary risks which have peaked in 
European and global economies in the first half of 2022, have triggered a new era of the monetary 
policy and interest rate outlook of the euro area which could result in a general economic slowdown 
and downturn of the European economy which is a major trade market for BiH. In addition, the 
rapid swing from an era of historically low interest rate environment to swift hikes of the key 
interest rates increase risks in the financial sector. Thus, the Issuer may not be able to escape the 
effects of corporate insolvencies, deteriorations in the creditworthiness of borrowers and valuation 
uncertainties. On the other hand, the higher interest rate environment could affect the behaviour of 
investors and customers alike, which may affect the Issuer and/or pressure on the interest rate 
spread.

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
• 
Political uncertainties and slow reform progress in BiH 
BiH have reported slow pace of the state level reforms progress and coordinated policy approach 
after the general elections which were held in 2018, which were required by the Opinion of the 
European Commission and the list of fourteen priorities which country needs to fulfil for granting 
the EU Candidacy country status. Slow reforms progress and economic policy coordination result 
in slower economic growth, high legal and institutional uncertainty, which leads to lower interest 
and willingness of investors for investments in the country. In addition, 2021 and the first half of 
2022 brought the deepest political crisis in the country after the Dayton Peace Agreement was 
signed in 1995. The crisis was escalated by unconstitutional actions and adoption of the set of laws 
by the National Assembly of Republic of Srpska (in areas of judiciary, indirect taxes, army and 
property which are under the state authority) which could endanger sovereignty and stability of the 
country. However, these actions triggered international reactions and sanctions by the US and the 
UK for responsible individuals in the country. The High Representative of International 
Community in the country used so called "Bonn authorities" to dismiss some of the 
unconstitutional laws of RS. High political and institutional uncertainties in BiH continuously 
undermine operating and economic environment of the country which could affect the Issuer 
business performance. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer 
The Issuer is managed in a two-tier management system consisting of the Management Board and the 
Supervisory Board. 
The Management Board consists of five (5) members and the Supervisory Board consists of seven (7) 
members. The members of the Management Board and of the Supervisory Board may be contacted at the 
Issuer's business address at Zmaja od Bosne bb, 71 000 Sarajevo, BiH. 
The two-tier management system allows for the segregation of the Issuer's management responsibilities, 
carried out by the Management Board, from the responsibilities of control/supervision that are fulfilled by 
the Supervisory Board. The dual management system ensures the operational decision-making process to 
become efficient, while increasing control over the decision makers. 
The Supervisory Board exercises ongoing control over the Issuer's current management activity conducted 
by the Management Board. The Supervisory Board generally consists of an uneven number of members, 
appointed by the General Meeting of Shareholders, with the possibility of being re-elected for additional 
time periods. 
The Management Board ensures the managing of the Issuer's current business and it currently consists 
of five members appointed by the Supervisory Board, with the possibility of being re-appointed for 
additional time periods. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the current members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board 
listed below hold the following additional supervisory board mandates or similar functions in various 
companies:  
Member 
Major functions outside the Issuer 
Members of the Issuer's Management Board 
Rainer Schnabl – 
Chairman 
• 
Raiffeisen Immobilien Kapitalanlage GmbH – Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
• 
Futurum Commune GmbH – Member of the Management Board 
Andreea Achim – 
CRO/CFO 
• 
Raiffeisen Leasing doo Sarajevo, BiH – Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
• 
Raiffeisen Invest d.d. Sarajevo; BiH – Member of the Supervisory 
Board

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
Member 
Major functions outside the Issuer 
Kreshnik Halili – 
CIO/COO 
• 
None. 
Edin Hrnjica – Retail 
board member 
• 
ESP BH d.o.o.; BiH – Member of the Supervisory Board 
• 
Raiffeisen Invest d.d. Sarajevo; BiH – Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
• 
Association of banks BiH, BiH – Vice Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Mirha Krivdić – Corporate 
board member 
• 
Raiffeisen Leasing doo Sarajevo, BiH – Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
• 
Foreign Investors Council (FIC), BiH – Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Members of the Issuer's Supervisory Board 
Peter Jacenko – Chairman 
• 
Raiffeisen banka a.d. Serbia – Supervisory Board Vice Chairman 
• 
Raiffeisenbank Austria d.d. Croatia – Supervisory Board Vice 
Chairman 
• 
Raiffeisen 
Bausparkasse 
Gesellschaft 
m.b.H., 
Austria 
– 
Supervisory Board Member 
Markus Kirchmair – Vice-
chairman 
• 
Valida Holding AG, Austria – Supervisory Board Chairman 
• 
Valida Plus AG, Austria – Supervisory Board Chairman 
• 
Valida Pension AG, Austria – Supervisory Board Chairman 
Johannes 
Kellner 
– 
Member 
• 
RLI Holding Gesellschaft m.b.H., Austria – Board Member 
• 
R.L.H. Holding Gesellschaft m.b.H., Austria – Board Member 
• 
RBI LEA Beteiligungs GmbH, Austria – Board Member 
Elisabeth Geyer-Schall – 
Member 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank JSC, Ukraine – Supervisory Board Member 
• 
Valida Holding AG, Austria – Supervisory Board Member 
• 
Akcenta C.Z. a.s. Czech Republic – Supervisory Board Member 
Markus Plank – member 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank Kosovo J.S.C. Kosovo – Supervisory Board 
Member 
Jasmina 
Selimović 
– 
Independent 
member, 
Faculty 
of 
Economy 
Sarajevo 
• 
Faculty of Economics, University of Sarajevo – Dean 
• 
Sarajevo Canton Health Insurance Institute – Chairman of Board 
of directors 
• 
Foundation of the Society of Common Values in Sarajevo – 
Chairman of Board of directors 
• 
Commission for Accounting and Auditing of B&H – Chairwoman 
of Work group for education and degree acquisition 
• 
Association to advance collegiate schools of business – Member 
of European Advisory Council 
• 
Federal Ministry of Finance – Member of Commission for 
licencing of internal auditors for public sector

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
Member 
Major functions outside the Issuer 
• 
European Foundation of Management Development – Member of 
Accreditation Board  
• 
Eurasia and the Middle East Subcommittee IAA, International 
Association 
• 
Actuarial Association in Bosnia and Herzegovina, BiH 
• 
The Association of Economists; BiH 
• 
The Institute of Internal Auditors (recognised as the Institute of 
Internal Auditors in BiH with IIA Global, BiH – The Institute of 
Internal Auditors) 
Zinka Grbo – Independent 
member, Faculty of Law 
• 
Faculty of Law, University of Sarajevo – Dean 
• 
Arbitrator at the List of Arbitrators of the B&H Foreign Chamber, 
BiH 
• 
Member of the Academic Advisory Committee of the European 
Traffic Law, BiH 
• 
Member of the International Arbitration Court of the International 
Chamber of Commerce (1CC), BiH 
• 
Member of the Management Board of the Privatisation Agency of 
Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, BiH 
• 
Educator at the List of Educators of the FBiH Public Institution 
Centre for Judicial and Prosecutorial Training, BiH 
• 
Member of the Arbitration Law Association, BiH 
• 
Arbitrator at the CIETAC Panel of Arbitrators 
• 
Arbitrator at the SHAC 
 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies' Potential Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer is not aware of any undisclosed respectively unmanaged conflicts of interest between the 
obligations of the Issuer's Supervisory Board Members and/or the Management Board Members and their 
private or other interests. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is not aware of any conflicts of interest between the duties of 
the Issuer's administrative, management and supervisory bodies and their private interests and/or other 
duties. 
SHARE CAPITAL AND MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Share capital of the Issuer 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer's nominal share capital amounts to BAM 247,167,000 and is 
fully subscribed and paid. It is divided into 988,668 nominative, dematerialised shares, each having a 
nominal value of BAM 250 and granting equal voting rights. The shares of the Issuer are not listed on any 
market. 
Shareholders of the Issuer 
The Issuer's sole shareholder is Raiffeisen SEE Region Holding GmbH, an Austrian company registered 
with the Commercial Court of Vienna under number FN 255194 k, with its registered seat at Am Stadtpark 
9, A-1030 Vienna, Austria, which holds 100% of the Issuer's share capital as of the date of this Prospectus. 
RSRH is indirectly held by RBI (100%). Thus, the Issuer is indirectly a 100% subsidiary of RBI.

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
As mentioned above, 100% of voting rights in the Issuer is held directly by RSRH and indirectly by RBI. 
Hence, RSRH exercises direct control over the Issuer through 100% of voting rights at the Issuer's General 
Shareholdings Meeting and, implicitly, through the right to nominate, and with previous consent of the 
local regulator, to appoint/resolve all members of the Supervisory Board. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, there are measures, like applicable corporate governance 
regulations, to ensure that such control over the Issuer is not abused. 
The source of the above-mentioned information is internal data as of 31 December 2022. 
Arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Issuer 
As of the date of this Prospectus, there are no arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which 
may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Issuer. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The selected financial information is extracted from the consolidated audited financial statements as of 
31 December 2021 and of 31 December 2020 and is to be read in conjunction with these financial 
statements.  
Profit and loss 
 in BAM 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Net interest income 
118,682 
123,636 
Net fee and commission income 
91,380 
77,938 
Net operating income 
23,526 
19,763 
Operating expense  
(124,853) 
(123,854) 
Profit before impairment losses, provisions and 
income tax 
108,735 
97,483 
Impairment losses, net 
(26,092) 
 (47,411) 
Share in profit of joint venture 
(1,733) 
 (798) 
PROFIT BEFORE TAX 
80,910 
49,274 
Income tax expense 
(8,768) 
 (5,220) 
NET PROFIT FOR THE YEAR  
72,142 
44,054 
Total other comprehensive income 
(57) 
11 
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE 
YEAR 
72,085 
44,065 
Earnings per share (BAM) 
7.30 
4.46 
Source: Bank's financial statements for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021.  
Balance sheet 
 in BAM 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
1,713,373 
1,690,147 
Obligatory reserves at the Central Bank of BiH 
416,375 
409,037 
Loans and receivables to customers 
2,474,282 
2,478,393 
Assets available for sale 
865 
1,375 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
498 
556 
Debt instruments at amortized cost 
167,175 
122,561 
Investments in joint ventures 
1,225 
2,958 
Deferred tax assets 
213 
53 
Current tax prepayment 
8,075 
10,687

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
 in BAM 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Other assets and receivables 
30,280 
92,168 
Tangible and intangible assets 
109,724 
124,730 
Investment property 
28,643 
29,951 
Right-of-use assets 
16,641 
19,573 
TOTAL ASSETS 
4,967,369 
4,982,189 
Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 
181,253 
224,606 
Deposits from banks and other financial institutions 
2,005 
24,326 
Deposits from customers 
4,051,441 
3,933,598 
Subordinated debt 
61,804 
61,804 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
30,869 
40,485 
Lease liabilities 
7,933 
9,462 
Other liabilities 
49,378 
101,565 
Deferred tax liabilities 
1,376 
977 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
4,386,059 
4,396,823 
Share capital 
247,167 
247,167 
Share premium 
4,473 
4,473 
Fair value reserves 
269 
326 
Retained earnings 
329,401 
333,400 
TOTAL EQUITY 
581,310 
585,366 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
4,967,369 
4,982,189 
Source: Bank's financial statements for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
Quality of the Bank's Loan Portfolio  
Loans 
 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Loans and advances to customers '000 BAM 
2,655,128  
2,663,187  
Performing loans 
2,444,850  
2,456,651  
Non-performing loans 
183,590  
188,143  
Purchased or Originated Credit Impaired (POCI) 
26,688  
18,393  
Source: Bank's financial statements for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
Non-retail portfolio 
NPL volume for non-retail shows a decreasing trend in the last three years. Yearly new NPL inflow is 
decreasing as well compared to the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. Recovery 
procedures and intensive activities in loan collection of NPL volume have resulted in a stable decreasing 
NPL portfolio and the improvement of portfolio quality.  
The increase of non-performing loans is currently lower than the negative outlook which was projected in 
the budget. Also a significant amount of NPL recovery in the Corporate Banking segment reduced the NPL 
stock and is expected to lead to almost 50% less NPL volume as of 31 December 2022 compared to 
31 December 2021.

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
Retail portfolio 
NPL increase in the fiscal year 2020 was mainly driven by higher NPL inflows influenced by the COVID-
19 pandemic and the economic downturn. In the last two fiscal years, both NPL and NPL ratio are 
constantly decreasing. 
The main reasons for the NPL decreasing trend in the fiscal year 2021 and further expected in fiscal year 
2022: 
- 
Improved collection activities on NPL prevention which resulted in lower default rate; 
- 
NPL recovery continued within the expected figures; 
- 
Accounting write-offs, due to regulatory requirements, were implemented in the core 
banking system in October 2020. This write-offs implementation had an impact on 
decreasing NPL trend. 
The quality of the portfolio is regularly monitored in order to prevent deterioration and keep adequate 
portfolio quality through rating assignment, credit process, proactive portfolio management, early warning 
system and controls.  
The Bank has established processes with the aim of recognising and managing risks and preventing 
portfolio weakening in order to support stable NPL figures and to continue the decreasing trend compared 
to previous periods. 
IFRS-9 
The legal requirements for bank accounting in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina are mainly based 
on IFRS and as prescribed by the Law on Accounting and Auditing in the Federation of Bosnia and 
Herzegovina, also taking into account special accounting requirements prescribed by the by-laws issued by 
the FBA. The local accounting requirements are not entirely in line with the IFRS (please see section on 
Risk Factors "Applicable accounting rules in FBiH to which the Issuer is subject to in its reporting are not 
fully compliant with IFRS-9").  
In particular, the FBA adopted the Accounting Decision, applicable from 1 January 2020 which resulted in 
certain differences resulting from the calculation of impairment for credit losses due to the application of 
minimum rates prescribed by the Accounting Decision, which are not required by IFRS-9. The Accounting 
Decision also has an impact on the valuation of non-financial assets arising from credit operations (acquired 
tangible assets whose valuation is within the scope of other relevant IFRS rules).

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
The Issuer is involved and has been involved in the twelve months preceding the date of this Prospectus in 
certain legal, governmental or arbitration proceedings before various courts and governmental agencies 
arising in the ordinary course of business involving contractual and other matters. 
The following is a description of the most relevant proceedings in which the Issuer is involved as a 
defendant as at the date of this Prospectus (value per issue EUR 5 million or more): 
Amount 
in 
dispute/of 
claims in EUR and, if 
different, 
in 
original 
currency 
Filing date (lawsuit) - Short description of case 
approx. EUR 26.9 million 
(BAM 52.6 million) 
The litigation was initiated in 2022. When the dispute originally started in 
2019 the initial value of the dispute was BAM 15,000,000 
(EUR 7,669,370), and the Bank was not included in this claim. 
The Plaintiff increased the initial value of the dispute in 2020, requesting 
BAM 46,750,000 (EUR 23,902,895), but the Bank still was not included 
in this claim. 
During 2022, the plaintiff submitted a claim in which the Bank is included, 
among the others, with a new value of the dispute of BAM 52,606,018 
(EUR 26,898,930). The claim is based on the arguments which mostly are 
not connected with the Bank: the damage compensation caused by 
corruptive activities of several government bodies (court, judges, 
ministries, tax offices) with intention to appropriate his property through 
various procedures against the plaintiff. The plaintiff's investments were 
not protected and the Plaintiff is unsatisfied with the court and prosecutors 
actions (lost almost all the cases). Requests for prolongations of working 
and residence permits were rejected (debt based on public revenues). 
Since the Bank closed the account of the plaintiff, the Bank was added as 
part of the group of defendants (court, judges, ministries, tax offices). 
The case is ongoing. 
approx. EUR 8.1 million 
(BAM 15. 9 million) 
The litigation was initiated in 2016. The initial value of the dispute was 
BAM 16,000 (EUR 8,180). The plaintiff filed the claim against the Bank 
on basis of an argument that the Bank has wrongly implemented certain 
AML/CTF regulations. In 2018, the plaintiff increased the claim amount 
to BAM 15,880,434 (EUR 8,119,490). The plaintiff determined the 
current claim value on basis of the failure of many investment projects. 
The Bank was successful in the first and second instance proceedings. The 
plaintiff submitted revision to the third instance court. 
The case is ongoing. 
approx. EUR 3.6 million* 
(BAM 7 million.) 
The litigation was initiated in 2021. The plaintiff filed the claim against 
the Bank on basis of sustained damage with legal penalty interest rate. 
The lawsuit is based on the fact that the Bank unilaterally terminated 
contracts without prior warning and blocked the plaintiff's accounts. The 
blockage made business impossible for the plaintiff. 
The case is ongoing. 
* Even though the stand- alone litigation is below threshold of EUR 5 million, the several litigations are from the same 
plaintiff so in cumulation would be above the EUR 5 million threshold and accordingly, they are indicated in the table.

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries have not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of 
business which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Holders. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
If and to the extent information contained in this Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time, has been 
sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that to the best of its knowledge this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published 
by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
This Prospectus, any supplements hereto and the documents incorporated herein by reference are available 
on the Issuer's website www.raiffeisenbank.ba and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.LuxSE.com). The day of such first publication is deemed to be the valid day of publication. All 
documents mentioned above will be available together with this Prospectus for at least ten years after the 
publication of this Prospectus free of charge at the Issuer's registered office and on the Issuer's website 
www.raiffeisenbank.ba.  
The Sustainability Bond Framework can be inspected at:  
 
https://raiffeisenbank.ba/dokumenti/sustainable-bond-framework  
The Second Party Opinion can be inspected at:  
 
https://raiffeisenbank.ba/dokumenti/sustainability-bond-framework-second-party-opinion  
The English language convenience translation of the Issuer's Articles of Association can be inspected at:  
 
https://raiffeisenbank.ba/en/o-nama/raiffeisen-bosna-i-hercegovina/articles-association-rbbh

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
TAXATION 
THE TAX LAWS OF THE INVESTOR'S STATE OF RESIDENCE AND OF THE ISSUER'S 
STATE OF INCORPORATION MIGHT HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED 
FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN NOTES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN TAX ADVISERS AS TO WHICH COUNTRIES' TAX LAWS COULD BE RELEVANT TO 
ACQUIRING, HOLDING AND DISPOSING OF NOTES AND RECEIVING PAYMENTS OF 
INTEREST, PRINCIPAL AND/OR OTHER AMOUNTS UNDER THE NOTES AND THE 
CONSEQUENCES OF SUCH ACTIONS UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF THOSE COUNTRIES.

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The provisions relating to resolutions of Holders under the German Act on Debt Securities 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") will apply to Notes issued under the Programme. The Holders 
may agree to amendments or decide on other matters relating to the Notes by way of resolution to be passed 
by taking votes without a meeting. Any such resolution duly adopted by resolution of the Holders shall be 
binding on each Holder of the respective issue of Notes, irrespective of whether such Holder took part in 
the vote and whether such Holder voted in favour or against such resolution.  
The rules of the SchVG are, if applied by the Issuer, largely mandatory, although they permit in limited 
circumstances supplementary provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions.  
The following is a brief overview of some of the statutory rules regarding the taking of votes without 
meetings and the convening and conduct of meetings of Holders, the passing and publication of resolutions 
as well as their implementation and challenge before German courts.  
Specific Rules regarding Votes without Meeting  
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be (i) a 
notary public appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a common representative of the Holders (the "Holders' 
Representative") has been appointed, the Holders' Representative if the vote was solicited by the Holders' 
Representative, or (iii) a person appointed by the competent court.  
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During such 
voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such notice 
shall also set out in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid.  
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote based 
on evidence provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it is 
established that no quorum exists, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a meeting of 
the Holders. Within one year following the end of the voting period, each Holder participating in the vote 
may request a copy of the minutes of such vote and any annexes thereto from the Issuer.  
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks 
following the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person 
presiding over the taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, the person presiding over the taking of 
votes shall promptly publish the result. If the person presiding over the taking of votes does not remedy the 
objection, he shall promptly inform the objecting Holder in writing.  
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of such 
proceedings.  
Rules regarding Holders' Meetings applicable to Votes without Meeting  
In addition, the statutory rules applicable to the convening and conduct of Holders' meetings will apply 
mutatis mutandis to any vote without a meeting. The following summarises some of such rules.  
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Holders' Representative, if any. Meetings of 
Holders must be convened if one or more Holders holding five per cent or more of the outstanding Notes 
so require for specified reasons permitted by statute.  
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting out 
the proposals for resolution.  
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders' representing by value not less than 
50 per cent of the outstanding Notes. If the quorum is not reached, a second meeting may be called at which 
no quorum will be required, provided that where a resolution may only be adopted by a qualified majority, 
a quorum requires the presence of at least 25 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding 
Notes.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more Global 
Notes, resolutions which amend or supplement the Terms and Conditions have to be implemented by 
supplementing or amending the relevant Global Note(s).  
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against an Issuer, a Holders' Representative, if appointed, 
is obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any resolutions passed by 
the Holders are subject to the provisions of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung).  
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Conditions, Holders may bring an action to set aside 
such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one month following the 
publication of the resolution.

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Raiffeisen Bank International AG, 
Raiffeisen BANK d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina and any new dealer appointed under the Programme 
(the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the 
Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 22 February 2023 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer and Raiffeisen Bank International AG and Raiffeisen BANK 
d.d. Bosna i Hercegovina. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement 
between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that 
Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and 
the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche 
beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case 
of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one 
Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of 
distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers 
to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and 
any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of 
the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as 
Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in Bosnia and Herzegovina 
The offering of any Notes under the Programme has not been registered neither with the Securities 
Commission of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Komisija za vrijednosne papire FBiH) nor with 
the Securities Commission of the Republic of Srpska (Комисија за хартије од вриједности Републике 
Српске or Komisija za hartije od vrijednosti Republike Srpske) pursuant to securities legislation of the 
Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Republic of Srpska. Accordingly, the Notes shall only be 
offered, sold or delivered and copies of the Prospectus or any other offering documents may only be made 
available to investors in accordance with applicable law of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and 
the Republic of Srpska. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision the expression retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or 
publish this Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Prospectus.

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolution of the Shareholders Assembly of the 
Issuer on 14 October 2022, resolution of the Management Board of the Issuer on 23 September 2022 and 
resolution of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer on 29 September 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will 
obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue 
and performance of the Notes. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining 
the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period 
from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first 
Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment 
date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant 
issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
Conflicts of Interest  
The Dealers and their affiliates may be customers, borrowers or creditors of the Issuer and its affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial Notes (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or Notes of the Issuer and 
its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial Notes and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and Notes.

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The specified parts of the following documents which have been previously published or are simultaneously 
published with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF are incorporated by reference into 
and form part of this Prospectus and will be available together with this Prospectus for at least ten years 
after the publication of this Prospectus. 
Document/Heading 
Page 
reference in 
the relevant 
document 
English language translation of the Issuer's Separate Financial Statements prepared in 
accordance with statutory accounting requirements for banks in Bosnia and Herzegovina 
(the "Audited Financial Statements 2020") and the audit report for the Financial 
Statements 2020 
Source:  
the Separate Financial Statements of the Issuer containing the audited Unconsolidated 
Financial Statements for fiscal year 2020, as made available on the Issuer's website: 
https://rbbh-
aa0d.kxcdn.com/sites/default/files/ikone/Raiffeisen%20Bank%20dd%20BiH%20-
%2031.12.2020_ENG_26.05.2021.pdf 
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
3 - 9 
Unconsolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income 
10 
Unconsolidated Statement of Financial Position 
11 
Unconsolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
12 
Unconsolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
13 - 14 
Notes to the Separate Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2020 
15 - 108 
English language translation of the Issuer's Consolidated Financial Statements prepared 
in accordance with statutory accounting requirements for banks in Bosnia and 
Herzegovina (the "Audited Financial Statements 2021") and the audit report for the 
Financial Statements 2021 
Source:  
the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer containing the audited consolidated 
Financial Statements for fiscal year 2021, as made available on the Issuer's website: 
https://rbbh-aa0d.kxcdn.com/sites/default/files/ikone/Raiffeisen%20Bank%20dd%20-
%20Konsolidovani%20izvjestaj%2031.12.2021%20ENGpotpisan.pdf 
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
9 - 14 
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income 
15 
Statement of Financial Position 
16 
Statement of Cash Flows 
17 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
18 
Notes to the Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021 
19 - 123 
Please note that the English language translations referred to above are translations from the originals, 
which were prepared in Bosnian language. All possible care has been taken to ensure that the translations 
are accurate representation of the originals.

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the annual reports for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2021 respectively, which are not explicitly listed in the tables above, are not incorporated 
by reference into this Prospectus as these parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere 
in this Prospectus. 
References in the independent auditor's reports to "other information" are references to the administrators' 
report and the non-financial statement. Such administrators' report and non-financial statement are not 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Such parts of the documents which are explicitly listed above shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and 
form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in such a document shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this 
Prospectus modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to 
constitute a part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Raiffeisen BANK d.d. 
Bosna i Hercegovina 
Zmaja od Bosne bb 
71000 Sarajevo 
Bosnia and Herzegovina 
DEALERS 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Am Stadtpark 9 
1030 Vienna 
Austria  
Raiffeisen BANK d.d. 
Bosna i Hercegovina 
Zmaja od Bosne bb 
71000 Sarajevo 
Bosnia and Herzegovina 
FISCAL AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENTS 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Bosnian and Herzegovinian 
law: 
To the Dealers as to German law: 
WOLF THEISS Rechtsanwälte  
GmbH & Co KG 
Schubertring 6 
1010 Vienna 
Austria
Clifford Chance Partnerschaft mbB 
Junghofstraße 14 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte d.o.o. Sarajevo 
Zmaja od Bosne 12c 
71000 Sarajevo 
Bosnia and Herzegovina