--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 30 April 2024 
This document contains a base prospectus ("Prospectus") within the meaning of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") of Raiffeisen Bank S.A. 
(hereinafter also referred to as the "Issuer", together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group") relating to the 
 
RAIFFEISEN BANK S.A. 
(a joint-stock company organised and functioning in accordance with the laws of Romania, administrated in dualist system, with its registered 
office at 246D Calea Floreasca, FCC Office Building, Bucharest 1st District, Romania, registered with the Trade Registry under 
no. J40/44/1991 EUID ROONRC J40/44/1991, sole registration code 361820, registered with the Credit Institutions Registry held by the 
National Bank of Romania under number RB-PJR-40-009 as of 18 February 1999, subscribed and paid-in share capital of 
RON 1,200,000,000) 
EUR 2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
Under the EUR 2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Prospectus (the "Programme"), the Issuer may from 
time to time issue notes in bearer form (the "Notes"), including: (i) ordinary senior notes (the "Ordinary Senior Notes"); (ii) ordinary senior 
eligible notes (the "Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes") and non-preferred senior eligible notes (the "Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes" 
and together with the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes, the "Eligible Notes"); and (iii) subordinated notes (the "Subordinated Notes"). 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under the Programme outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 2,500,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies). 
This Prospectus was prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, and other applicable legal provisions. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (the "CSSF") 
in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 
16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, 
the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the 
quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. By approving this Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction and 
the quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authority in Romania with a certificate of approval in accordance with 
Article 25 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and 
the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional Member States within the 
European Economic Area (each a "Member State" and, together, the "Member States") with further notifications. 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to admit Notes 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and application may also be made to the Bucharest Stock Exchange 
for the Programme as a whole and for such Notes intended to be admitted to trading on the regulated market and may be made on any other 
stock exchange. These regulated markets are regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") (each, a 
"Regulated Market"). 
Notes will be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche"), each Tranche consisting of Notes which are identical in all respects. One or more 
Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and are identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, 
interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be 
issued as part of an existing Series. The specific terms of each Tranche will be determined at the time of offering of such Tranche based on 
then prevailing market conditions and will be set forth in the applicable final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which is contained herein). 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.LuxSE.com) and on the website of the Issuer (www.raiffeisen.ro). Prospective investors should be aware that any website referred to 
in this Prospectus does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
content of the aforementioned websites does not form part of this Prospectus, unless that information is explicitly incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus. 
The validity of this Prospectus ends upon expiration of 30 April 2025. There is no obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Arranger 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Dealers 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A.

--- Page 2 ---
Page 2 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Prospectus is to be read and construed together with (a) all supplements to this Prospectus, if any, (b) the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to any tranche of Notes and may only be used for the purposes for which it has 
been published. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of Raiffeisen Bank 
International AG or Raiffeisen Bank S.A. in their capacity as dealers (including any entity appointed as an 
additional dealer, a "Dealer" and, together, the "Dealers") or as approval of the use of this Prospectus. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or that there 
has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus if and when 
the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete, and has further agreed with the Dealers 
to furnish a supplement to this Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
the Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when this Prospectus has been approved and when trading 
of any tranche of Notes on a regulated market begins, in respect of Notes admitted to trading on a regulated market 
on the basis of this Prospectus. 
Neither the Arranger, the Dealers nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus (other than the Issuer) has 
independently verified the information contained in this Prospectus or any supplement thereof, or any Final Terms 
or any other document incorporated herein by reference. Accordingly, none of these persons makes any 
representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of 
any of the information contained or incorporated in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer 
in connection with the Notes. Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Prospectus or any recipient of any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise 
any investor or prospective investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to 
apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the offer of those Notes to finance or re-finance new or 
existing loans ("Eligible Loans") that finance assets and projects which aim to provide positive environmental 
and social impact as well as contribute to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. The Issuer has 
established a framework for such issuances in April 2022, which was updated in April 2024 (the "Sustainability 
Bond Framework"), which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Loans based on the 
recommendations included in the voluntary process guidelines for issuing green, social and sustainability bonds 
published by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (the "ICMA Green Bond Principles", the 
"ICMA Social Bond Principles", the "ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines" and together, the "ICMA 
Sustainable Bond Principles"). Pursuant to the recommendation in the ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles that 
external assurance is obtained to confirm alignment with the key features of the ICMA Sustainable Bond 
Principles, at the request of the Issuer, the advisory and rating provider Sustainalytics GmbH, Junghofstraße 24, 
60311 Frankfurt am Main, Germany ("Sustainalytics"), has issued a second party opinion dated 29 April 2024 in 
relation to the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework. The second party opinion is not incorporated into, and 
does not form part of, this Prospectus. None of the Arranger, the Dealers, any of their respective affiliates or any 
other person mentioned in the Prospectus makes any representation as to the suitability of such Notes to fulfil 
environmental, social and/or sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. The Arranger and the 
Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the Sustainability Bond Framework or

--- Page 3 ---
Page 3 
the Eligible Loans, any verification of whether any Eligible Loan meets the criteria set out in the Sustainability 
Bond Framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Notes constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to subscribe for, or 
purchase, any Notes. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the specific benchmark applicable to an issue of Benchmark linked Notes has 
not yet been determined. However, interest amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR, which is currently provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), the Romanian 
Interbank Offered Rate ("ROBOR"), which is currently provided by the National Bank of Romania ("NBR"), 
€STR, which is published by the European Central Bank since 2 October 2019, the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate ("SOFR"), which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any other benchmark 
(the "Other Benchmark") (each a "Benchmark"). As at the date of this Prospectus ROBOR, €STR and SOFR 
do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Prospectus EMMI appears on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks (the "Benchmarks Register") established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(as amended, the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
In case Notes are issued which make reference to any Other Benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will specify the 
name of the specific benchmark and the relevant administrator. In such case, the Final Terms will further specify 
if the relevant administrator is included in the ESMA Register or whether the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Benchmarks Regulation apply or whether an exemption pursuant to Article 2 (2) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation applies. 
Each prospective investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained in this Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of the relevant 
underlying, if any; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable 
risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as standalone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolio. 
A prospective investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes, the likelihood of cancellation of payment of 
principal, payment of distributions or a write-down of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
prospective investor's overall investment portfolio. Each prospective investor in the Notes should determine the 
suitability of such investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity 
to bear the risks of an investment in the Notes, including the possibility that the entire principal amount of the 
Notes could be lost. 
In this Prospectus all references to "EUR", "cents", "€" and "Euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of 
the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. References to "RON", "Leu" or "Lei" are to the currency of Romania. References to

--- Page 4 ---
Page 4 
"USD" are to the currency of the United States of America. References to "CHF" are to the currency of 
Switzerland. 
Obligation of the Issuer with regard to a supplement 
Any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes issued under the Programme and which arises or is 
noted between the time when this Prospectus is approved and the time when trading on a regulated market begins 
in respect of Notes admitted to trading on a regulated market on the basis of this Prospectus, will be included and 
published in a supplement to this Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Investors shall be aware that a supplement to this Prospectus may be published. Such a supplement will be 
published on the Issuer's website (https://www.raiffeisen.ro/despre-noi/guvernanta-corporativa/detinatori-de-
obligatiuni/) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States of America (the "United States", "U.S."). The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")). 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes and on the distribution of this Prospectus, 
see "Subscription and Sale". 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For the purposes of this 
provision retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; and an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
Page 5 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which 
may outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593, as amended (the "MiFID 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as stabilisation manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilisation manager) 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the issue of the relevant 
tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the Issue Date and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant stabilisation manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf 
of any stabilisation manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "plan", 
"intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and similar 
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical 
fact included in this Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial position, business 
strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer are forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may 
cause the Issuer's actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from 
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on 
numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business strategies and the environment in which 
the Issuer expects to operate in the future. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but 
are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer". Any forward-looking 
statements made by or on behalf of the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not 
undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or 
any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 6 ---
Page 6 
CONTENTS 
PART 
PAGE 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................... 9 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................................... 47 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................ 69 
ISSUE PROCEDURES ........................................................................................................................................ 70 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 72 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ORDINARY SENIOR NOTES .................................................................. 73 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SUBORDINATED NOTES ........................................................................ 95 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ELIGIBLE NOTES ................................................................................... 128 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 160 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 183 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 188 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 192 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................... 196 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ............................................................................................................................. 198

--- Page 7 ---
Page 7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Programme Amount 
Under this Programme, the Issuer may from time to time, issue Notes in accordance with and subject to all 
applicable laws and regulations and denominated in any currency, subject as set out herein. 
The following description is an abstract presentation of the possible structures through which Notes may be issued 
under the terms of this Prospectus and does not refer to a specific issue of Notes which will be issued under the 
terms of this Prospectus. 
The actual aggregate principal amount (in the case of Notes issued at a discount, their amortised face amount) of 
all Notes issued and from time to time outstanding will not exceed EUR 2,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the date of issue). Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed and specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any 
currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of 
EUR 100,000. The Notes may be issued either directly by the Issuer to the investors or to one or more of the 
Dealers which expression shall, where used in this Prospectus, include any additional Dealer(s) appointed under 
this Programme from time to time. 
Notes will be issued with a minimum maturity of twelve months or more. 
The Issuer will have the option at any time to increase the amount of the Programme, subject to the provisions of 
a dealer agreement of even date herewith (the "Dealer Agreement") (including the preparation of a supplement 
to this Prospectus or a new Prospectus) as the Dealers, the relevant competent authority or the relevant Stock 
Exchange may reasonably request. 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes are freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant clearing system and may 
be offered to investors on a non-syndicated or a syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will 
be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
In relation to Notes intended to be listed and issued under this Programme, application (i) has been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange to list the Programme and such Notes on the Official List (Cote Officielle) of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(Bourse de Luxembourg) and (ii) may also be made to the Bucharest Stock Exchange for the Programme as a 
whole and for such Notes intended to be admitted to trading on a regulated market. Application may be made 
additionally to any other or further stock exchange to admit such Notes to trading on any other or further regulated 
market or other market segment of such other or further stock exchange. The Issuer intends to/may apply for 
listing and trading of the Notes in Romania. The trading and settlement of the Notes in Romania will be organised 
in accordance with the Bucharest Stock Exchange and rules and regulations adopted by the central depository, 
Depozitarul Central SA. In this Prospectus, references to "Listed Notes" (and all related references) shall mean, 
in relation to Notes issued under the Programme, that such Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and/or on the regulated market of the Bucharest Stock Exchange or any other or further stock 
exchange, as the case may be. 
The Programme allows for Notes to be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) or traded on other market 
segments (e.g. unregulated market (Freiverkehr)) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
or as determined by the Issuer. Notes not listed on any stock exchange may also be issued. 
The issue specific details applicable to the Notes are determined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Clearing Systems 
Either the Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL") (together, the "ICSDs") and/or may be accepted for clearance 
through the Romanian Central Securities Depository, Depozitarul Central SA ("DC") if the Notes will be listed 
on the Regulated Market of the Bucharest Stock Exchange (or their legal successors as the case may be).

--- Page 8 ---
Page 8 
Security Code 
The International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN"), Financial Instrument Short Name ("FISN") (if any), 
the Classification of Financial Instruments ("CFI Code") (if any), Common Code (if any), and the German 
Security Code Number (if any) for each Series of Notes or any other security code will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
Page 9 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider the risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the Issuer's business and 
the industry in which it operates, including, in particular, the risk factors described below, together with the 
information contained elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
The Issuer has described below certain risks and uncertainties that it believes are specific and material as at the 
date of this Prospectus and that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. The 
occurrence of any of the following events could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, prospects, 
results of operations and financial conditions. The Issuer describes only those risk factors it is aware of at the 
date of this Prospectus. However, additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Notes that are not currently 
known to the Issuer, or that the Issuer currently deems immaterial or non-specific, may individually or 
cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations and/or financial 
condition and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or 
part of their investment. New risks can emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Issuer to predict all 
such risks. It is also possible that risks described herein may combine and intensify one another. An investment 
in the Notes involves complex financial risks and is suitable only for investors who (either alone or in conjunction 
with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an 
investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. Investors 
should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this 
section and in line with their personal circumstances. 
The risk factors are divided into the following categories depending on their nature: 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1.1 
Risks relating to the business of the Issuer 
1.2 
Economic and political risks 
1.3 
Risks relating to legal and regulatory matters and litigation 
1.4 
Other material risks 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
2.1 
Risks relating to the regulatory classification of the Notes 
2.2 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes 
2.3 
Risks relating to the specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
2.4 
Other related risks 
In each of these categories specific risk factors are described with the most significant risk factor being 
mentioned first in each category. The Issuer has assessed the materiality of risks based on the probability of 
their occurrence and the expected magnitude of the negative impact such occurrence may cause to the Issuer 
and the effect on the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. In respect of its assessment of the 
Risks Relating to the Issuer, the Issuer has also taken into account the principles and outcomes of its Internal 
Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP"). 
Investors should consider the following specific and material risk factors and in addition all other information 
contained in this Prospectus and consult their own professional advisers prior to any decision to acquire Notes.

--- Page 10 ---
Page 10 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
1.1 
Risks relating to the business of the Issuer 
The Issuer may experience deterioration in credit quality of its loan portfolio and is exposed to the risk 
of defaults by its counterparties, particularly as a result of financial crises or economic downturns. 
The Issuer is, and may in the future continue to be, exposed to the risk that a counterparty (e.g. a borrower 
or a market participant contracting with the Issuer) may not repay its loans or perform its obligations 
according to the applicable contractual terms, that the collateral or income stream securing the payment 
of these loans may be insufficient, or that legislation is imposed setting fixed exchange rates for loans in 
foreign currencies.  
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk, in particular with respect to its lending activities with retail and 
corporate customers, financial institutions, local and central governments, as well as other activities such 
as its trading and settlement activities. Historically, credit risk has been higher during periods of economic 
downturn, such as the aftermath of the global financial crisis which followed the Lehman collapse in 
2008 or more recently as a result of the outbreak of the coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) disease ("COVID-
19"). Volatile economic conditions, including as a result of geopolitical crises or military conflicts, such 
as the ongoing military conflicts in Ukraine or in the Gaza Strip and Israel, may substantially aggravate 
credit risk resulting in an increase of non-performing exposures ("NPE"). Such developments could be 
amplified by government tax measures, changes to foreign exchange rates and/ or money market interest 
rates which would negatively affect the ability of customers to repay their loans and thus contribute to 
increased credit risk. In particular, the end to the expansionary monetary policy due to surging inflation 
and, as a result, a potentially persistent further increase in interest rates could determine an increase in 
the rate of NPE, the provisioning of which would diminish the Issuer's profits and could negatively affect 
the equity and the goodwill of the Issuer. Furthermore, the Issuer's loan portfolio and other financial assets 
might be impaired which might result in a withdrawal of deposits and decreased demand for the Issuer's 
products. 
Deterioration in the quality of the Issuer's credit portfolio and increases in NPE result in increased credit 
risk costs for the Issuer. The Issuer's risk costs are based on, among other things, the Issuer's analysis of 
probabilities of default (using current probabilities and historical information) and loan management 
methods and the valuation of underlying assets and expected available income of clients, as well as other 
assumptions of the Issuer, made in order to determine the credit risk costs as well as the capital 
requirements for addressing such risk. The Issuer's analyses and assumptions may prove to be inadequate 
and might result in inaccurate predictions of ongoing or future credit performance. 
There can be no assurances that the current provisioning ratio will not increase in the future, or that the 
coverage ratio for the associated risks (including the NPE coverage ratio) will prove to be sufficient.  
Should actual credit risk exceed current estimates on which net allocations to provisioning have been 
made, the Issuer's loan loss provisions could be insufficient to cover losses. This would have a material 
adverse impact on the Issuer's financial position and results of operations and could affect the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
The military action by the Russian Federation ("Russia") in Ukraine, and the related negative 
economic and financial spill over effects, and outbreaks of diseases can have severe and lingering 
impact on banking operations, the social and economic environment, and financial market 
developments. 
The actions of Russian military forces and support personnel in Ukraine at the beginning of 2022 have 
escalated tensions between Russia and the U.S., the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO"), the 
European Union (the "EU") and the UK to an unprecedented level. The U.S., the EU and the UK have 
imposed material financial and economic sanctions and export controls against certain Russian 
organisations and individuals. The resulting effects of these actions have caused and may continue to 
cause material negative disruptions, including but not limited to energy markets, global supply chains, 
economic growth and access to wholesale funding, all of which can have unforeseen impact on the Issuer's 
business activity and customers. As at the date of this Prospectus, the military action by Russia in Ukraine 
is still ongoing and its scale, duration and economic impact represents a continuing uncertainty.

--- Page 11 ---
Page 11 
Similarly, pandemics, epidemics and outbreaks of infectious diseases such as the outbreak of COVID-19 
can have severe impacts on banking operations, the social and economic environment, and financial 
market developments. Forced closures of bank premises due to infection and travel restrictions and the 
quarantine of areas and even whole regions can have a severe impact on the Issuer's ability to maintain 
banking operations. 
A protracted uncertainty or disruptions caused by the above risk factors may include several negative 
consequences for the Issuer: 
• 
Temporary moratoria on the credit obligations of clients towards the Issuer, such as the one 
instituted by: (i) the Government Emergency Ordinance no. 37/2020 on awarding certain relief 
measures in relation to loans granted by credit institutions and non-banking financial institutions 
to certain classes of debtors, (ii) by the Government Emergency Ordinance no. 90/2022 on the 
granting of facilities for loans granted by banks and non-bank financial institutions to certain 
categories of debtors, (iii) the Government Emergency Ordinance no. 4/2024 for establishing 
temporary supportive measures for agricultural producers with the purpose of managing the 
effects of the pedological drought phenomenon from 2023 and resulting from the military action 
by Russia in Ukraine, all such enactments, as amended and supplemented from time to time, may 
temporarily affect the Issuer's financial revenue streams; 
• 
Economic downturn, shifts in consumer behaviour, diminished business and consumer 
confidence, inflation and market volatility, currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
• 
Increasing levels of temporary unemployment resulting in a loss of wage income among the 
Issuer's customers or various other forms of deterioration of the financial standing of the Issuer's 
customers, e.g. customers could be forced to reduce or close down their own operations, may 
lead to their inability to service their debt obligations towards the Issuer. 
A characteristic of military conflicts, such as in the Ukraine, or severe infection outbreaks, like COVID-
19, is that they can cause a shock on the social and economic environment the Issuer operates in with 
potentially severe impacts on many if not most business segments, its operational capabilities as well as 
valuation of market assets and the Issuer's market access to manage liquidity and funding. In particular 
the combination of these stress factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial 
position and results of operations and could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations 
under the Notes. There can be no assurance that governmental or other actions would result in prompt 
and adequate improvement of such market conditions in the future, should the situation deteriorate further 
or additional restrictions be imposed, or current or new restrictions persist for a prolonged period.  
The Issuer faces intense competition and changes in the market landscape for banking services, which 
could impede the growth of the Issuer's business and may negatively impact the Issuer's revenue and 
profitability. 
The Issuer is in competition with a relatively large number of financial institutions, of both international 
and local calibre (banks with retail and wholesale clients, mortgage banks, investment banks, as well as 
other non-banking financial institutions which are active in the Romanian financial services sector), 
whereby this competition is expected to intensify further, especially among top tier banks, on the 
background of an ongoing consolidation process in the market. Increased competition may determine a 
higher attrition of the Issuer's current clients and may also limit the Issuer's potential to attract new 
customers, with adverse impact on the Issuer's revenues and profitability. 
Existing competitors, as well as others that may enter the market in the future, may benefit from certain 
competitive advantages that the Issuer does not have, such as having greater economies of scale, larger 
financial and non-financial resources and portfolios, access to more advanced technological and 
operational resources, more comprehensive product offerings in certain business lines, greater personnel 
resources, better brand name recognition and more experience or longer-established relationships with 
regulatory authorities and clients. The majority of the Issuer's main competitors in the Romanian banking 
sector are part of large international financial groups, such as the local subsidiaries of Erste Group (Banca 
Comercială Română S.A.), Société Générale (BRD – Groupe Société Générale S.A.), UniCredit 
(UniCredit Bank S.A.), ING (ING Bank N.V. Amsterdam Sucursala Bucureşti) and others. Competitors 
with wider regional presence might seem more attractive for some institutional clients which have an 
established relationship with the respective international financial groups in other jurisdictions. In

--- Page 12 ---
Page 12 
addition, in the context of the development of the Romanian financial services market in recent years, 
local financial institutions, such as Banca Transilvania S.A. (currently the largest bank in Romania by 
assets) have gained market shares by appealing to a large number of customers and positioning 
themselves with a national-centric branding. 
The Issuer's market landscape is also evolving, with fintech companies entering the competition by 
offering current accounts, free-of-charge currency exchange and instant peer-to-peer payments (such as 
Revolut or Monese). These entities bring a completely digital, non-traditional-bank experience to the 
market, characterised by offering low margins and high flexibility in providing a transactional platform 
with new benefits. The Issuer's market may thus be affected by price competition for existing services 
and rapid development of new products, services and distribution channels. 
The Issuer's market position will also depend on effective marketing initiatives and its ability to anticipate 
and respond to various competitive factors affecting the financial services industry, including new 
services, pricing strategies by competitors, changes in consumer preferences and economic, political and 
social conditions in the market in which it operates. 
The Issuer's success depends on its capacity to maintain high levels of loyalty among its customer base 
and to offer a wide range of competitive and high-quality products and services to its customers. Intense 
competition and an increased emphasis in cost reduction may result in an inability to maintain high loyalty 
among the Issuer's customer base, to provide competitive products and services, or to maintain high 
customer service standards, each of which may adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Strong competition may lead to increased pressure on the Issuer in connection with prices for products 
and services offered to clients, which may have an impact on the Issuer's capacity to maintain or increase 
its profitability. The competitiveness of the Issuer in the current environment will depend largely on its 
capacity to adapt quickly to the market's new developments and tendencies. To the extent the Issuer will 
not be able to effectively cope with pressure exerted by competitors, or to the extent the Issuer fails to 
respond to, or effectively anticipate consumer sentiment, this may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
market share, earnings and cost structure and thus, its business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
The Issuer may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates. 
As the Issuer derives the majority (72.54% in 2023 and 72.53% in 2022) of its operating income from net 
interest income, the risk of adverse interest rate changes is a significant risk to which the Issuer's non-
traded portfolios are exposed. Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, such 
as inflation, monetary and fiscal policies set by the NBR and by the Romanian government, monetary 
policy decisions of the European Central Bank ("ECB") in connection with the Euro, the liberalisation of 
financial services, increased competition, as well as domestic and international economic and political 
conditions. Changes in the absolute level of interest rates can affect the spread between the rate of interest 
that a financial institution pays to borrow funds from its depositors and other lenders and the rate of 
interest that it charges on loans it extends to its customers. To the extent the interest margin decreases, 
net interest income will also decrease, unless the Issuer is able to compensate for such decrease by 
increasing the total amount of funds it lends to its customers. An increase in rates charged to customers 
can also negatively impact interest income if it reduces the amount of customer borrowings. For 
competitive reasons, the Issuer may choose to raise rates of interest it pays on deposits without being able 
to make a corresponding increase in the interest rates it charges to its customers. A mismatch in the 
structure of interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period could, in the event 
of changes in interest rates, reduce the Issuer's net interest margin. Moreover, an increase in market 
interest rates may lead to a negative mark-to-market of securities held at fair value through profit or loss 
or through other comprehensive income with a negative impact on the Issuer's capital position. 
As a result of the above, interest rate fluctuations and, in particular, decreasing interest rate margins could 
negatively affect the Issuer's net interest income and capital position, resulting in a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 13 ---
Page 13 
The Issuer is subject to the risk that liquidity may not be readily available. 
The Issuer relies on customer deposits to meet a substantial portion of its funding requirements. Customer 
deposits are subject to fluctuation due to factors outside the Issuer's control, and the Issuer can provide 
no assurance that it will not experience a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time. 
Because a significant portion of the Issuer's funding comes from its deposit base, any material decrease 
in deposits could have a negative impact on the Issuer's liquidity. Outbreaks of military conflicts, such as 
the military conflicts in Ukraine or in the Gaza Strip and Israel, and the resulting economic and financial 
uncertainties may determine a systemic change in customers' behaviour, including but not limited to 
exchanging local currency deposits to hard currency deposits or cash withdrawals, at the same time with 
a decrease in money market liquidity. Additionally, high inflation rates and an increasing interest rate 
differential between the local currency and the hard currency (i.e. Euro) can put downward pressure on 
the Issuer's foreign currency liquidity position due to a higher demand for foreign currency loans and 
deposit conversion from the hard currency to the local currency. Such developments could limit the 
Issuer's ability to rebalance its liquidity position across currencies and lead to further deterioration in the 
Issuer's overall liquidity. 
As a credit provider, the Issuer is exposed to market liquidity risk, which arises from an inability to easily 
sell an asset because there is inadequate market liquidity or market disruption. The Issuer is also exposed 
to funding liquidity risk, which is an exposure to additional expenditure arising out of a change in the 
cost of refinancing, or from a spread over a certain horizon and confidence level, or from insolvency of 
counterparties, which may result in difficulties in meeting future payment obligations, either in full, on 
time or on economically beneficial terms. 
Credit and money markets worldwide have experienced and continue to experience a reluctance of banks 
to lend to each other on an unsecured basis due to uncertainty regarding the creditworthiness of the 
borrowing bank and increased capital requirements. Even a perception among market participants that a 
financial institution is experiencing greater liquidity risk may cause significant damage to the institution, 
since potential lenders may require additional collateral or other measures that further reduce the financial 
institution's ability to secure funding. If such increase in perceived counterparty risk would happen with 
respect to the Issuer, this would lead to reductions in the Issuer's access to traditional sources of liquidity 
and would be compounded by further regulatory restrictions on funding, liquidity and capital structures. 
The Issuer's access to and cost of funding could be adversely affected by a resurgence of financial crises, 
worsening economic conditions, rating downgrades and other relevant factors. A change in the funding 
structure towards less stable and more expensive funding sources could also result in a higher liquidity 
buffer requirement and an adverse impact on the Issuer's liquidity ratios. If the Issuer has difficulty in 
securing adequate sources of short- and long-term liquidity or if it were subject to material deposit 
outflows, this could negatively affect the Issuer's ability to comply with the applicable regulatory and 
commercial liquidity requirements, and have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer is subject to operational risks. 
The Issuer's businesses depend on the ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently 
and accurately. Operational risks and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to 
document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorisations, failure to comply with the 
applicable regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules, equipment failures, natural disasters or 
the failure of external systems, for example, those of the Issuer's suppliers or counterparties. There is a 
risk that the Issuer's risk control and loss mitigation actions are not effective in preventing and controlling 
each of these operational risks. The Issuer may also suffer service interruptions from time to time due to 
failures by third-party service providers and natural disasters, which are beyond its control. Such 
interruptions may affect the services provided to clients. If the Issuer would experience such difficulties 
in its operational activity, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect the Issuer's results of operations. 
A significant portion of the Issuer's assets and liabilities is denominated in foreign currencies, particularly 
in EUR (as of 31 December 2023, 27.05% of monetary assets and 33.53% of monetary liabilities were 
denominated in foreign currency, out of which EUR denominated monetary assets represented 25.33%

--- Page 14 ---
Page 14 
of total monetary assets and EUR denominated liabilities accounted for 29.68% of total monetary 
liabilities). The Issuer translates such assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on such assets 
and liabilities, and gains/losses realised upon the sale of such assets, to RON in preparing its financial 
statements. Fluctuations in the rate of exchange of such currencies into RON may have a negative impact 
on the Issuer's reported consolidated results of operations, financial position and yearly cash flows. 
If the Issuer does not maintain or improve its reputation for the quality of its service, its ability to 
attract new customers and retain existing customers may be harmed. 
Reputational risk is inherent to the Issuer's business activity. The ability to retain customers and to attract 
new customers depends in part on the Issuer's and RBI Group's brand recognition and its reputation for 
the quality of its services. Negative public opinion towards the Issuer, RBI Group or the financial services 
sector as a whole could result from real or perceived practices in the financial sector in general, such as 
negligence during the provision of financial products or services, or even from the way that the Issuer 
conducts, or is perceived to conduct, its business operations. In addition, the Issuer's reputation is strongly 
linked to the reputation of RBI Group, meaning that any objective or perceived negative aspects of RBI 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could in its turn have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's reputation. 
Negative publicity and negative public opinion could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to maintain and 
attract customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition 
and prospects. 
The Issuer may be subject to onerous tax liabilities. 
In its business activities, the Issuer is required to pay various taxes and contributions, such as profit tax, 
value added tax, various social contributions and others. While the Issuer believes it has paid its taxes 
when due, interpretation of applicable rules by tax authorities may differ. In practice, tax inspections 
typically result in tax authorities requiring payment of additional amounts as well as interest and/or 
penalties. Recently, both, the Romanian government and institutions of the EU, have applied significant 
pressure in relation to taxes paid or payable by banks. Whether as a result of such pressure from the fiscal 
authorities or in the ordinary course of business, it is likely that the Issuer will be subject to one or more 
tax inspections from time to time. In the period December 2017 – May 2019, the Issuer was subject to a 
fiscal audit from the Romanian Tax Authority ("ANAF"). The object of the audit was income tax (period 
2011-2016) and withholding tax (period 2013-2016). The fiscal audit report indicated total additional 
charges of RON 262.4 million which includes income tax, withholding tax and related penalties. The 
Issuer has paid all the charges resulting from the fiscal inspection. In response, the Issuer submitted an 
administrative appeal against the inspection report, requesting its cancellation. During 2020, the Issuer 
received the answer to the appeal, according to which the Issuer is entitled to receive back 10% of all 
charges included in the tax report. The Issuer continued legal procedures for the recovery of the remaining 
amounts and initiated a litigation proceeding in this respect. Based on the chances to win the legal case 
as estimated by tax advisers and by the law firm that represents the Issuer in the litigation against the tax 
authority, the Issuer has recognised receivables and provisions. The amounts of receivables from the tax 
audit, are booked under two balance sheet positions: "Other assets" (the part representing withholding 
taxes and related penalties) and "Income tax receivable" (the part representing income tax and related 
penalties). As of 31 December 2023, the net amount reflected under "Other assets" is RON 8.2 million 
and the net amount reflected under "Income tax receivable" is RON 49.5 million. 
Generally, the results of tax inspections may be the imposition of material additional amounts on the 
Issuer and this may have a material and adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Issuer is exposed to risk of fraud and illegal activities of other forms. 
The Issuer is subject to rules and regulations related to the prevention of money laundering/terrorism 
financing and the application of international sanctions, as enacted by the United Nations and the EU. 
Compliance with anti-money laundering/terrorist financing and international sanctions rules entails 
significant cost and effort for the Issuer. Non-compliance with these rules may have severe consequences, 
including adverse legal and reputational risks for the Issuer. In accordance with legal and regulatory 
provisions, administrative sanctions as well as sanctioning measures may be applied. Administrative 
measures may include, among others: written warning; public warning (on NBR's website); in case of

--- Page 15 ---
Page 15 
individuals - fines between RON 10,000 and RON 23,000,000, in case of legal entities - fines up to 10% 
of the total annual consolidated turnover or up to RON 23,000,000; withdrawal of the approval of the 
directors/administrators of the respective entity. Sanctioning measures may refer to: order to stop the 
illicit conduct of the individual or the legal entity; temporary restriction of exercising certain 
roles/functions within the institution by the persons responsible for committing the respective action; 
withdrawal of the authorisation of the respective entity. Although the Issuer believes that its current anti-
money laundering/anti-terrorism financing and international sanctions policies and procedures are 
adequate to ensure compliance with the applicable legislation, it cannot be guaranteed that they will 
comply at all times with all rules applicable to these risk areas extended and applied to all its employees 
under all circumstances. In addition, criminals continue to adapt their techniques and are increasingly 
focused on targeting customers and clients through ever more sophisticated methods of social 
engineering, whereas external data breaches also provide criminals with the opportunity to exploit the 
growing levels of compromised data. A possible violation, or even any suspicion of a violation of these 
rules, may have serious negative legal and financial consequences as well as negative impact on the 
Issuer's reputation, which could have a material and adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Issuer's operational systems and networks may become vulnerable to an increasing risk of 
continually evolving cyber security or other technological risks. 
A significant portion of the Issuer's operations relies heavily on the secure processing, storage and 
transmission of confidential and other information as well as the monitoring of a large number of complex 
transactions on a constant basis. The Issuer stores an extensive amount of information (including personal 
data) specific to its clients (natural or legal persons) for its retail, corporate and governmental customers 
and clients and must accurately record and reflect their extensive account transactions. The proper 
functioning of the Issuer's payment systems, financial and sanctions controls, risk management, credit 
analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and other information technology systems and other 
IT systems, as well as the communication networks existent between the branches and working points of 
the Issuer and its main data processing centres, is critical to the Issuer's operations. If the respective 
services cannot be supplied uninterruptedly, particularly in the case where updates may be necessary for 
a proper delivery of new or extended products and services, then these systems might not support the 
Issuer's activity in its entirety, as this activity is conditional upon the continuous and uninterrupted 
performance of these systems. 
These activities have been, and will continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of cyber-attacks, the 
nature of which is continually evolving. The financial sector remains a primary target for cyber criminals, 
with an increasing level of sophistication in both, criminal and nation state hacking for the purpose of 
stealing money, stealing, destroying or manipulating data, and/or disrupting operations. The Issuer's 
computer systems, software and networks may become vulnerable to unauthorised access, loss or 
destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability of 
service, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber-attacks and other events. These threats may 
derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties or may result from 
accidental technological failure. If one or more of these events occur, it could result in the disclosure of 
confidential client information, damage to the Issuer's reputation with its clients and the market, 
additional costs to the Issuer (stemming from the need to repair systems or add new personnel or 
protection technologies), regulatory penalties and financial losses to the Issuer. Such events could also 
cause interruptions or malfunctions in the operations of the Issuer (such as the lack of availability of the 
Issuer's online banking systems), as well as the operations of its clients, customers or other third parties. 
Disaster recovery, security and service continuity protection measures that the Issuer has undertaken or 
may undertake in the future may be insufficient to prevent losses caused. Given the volume of transactions 
conducted by the Issuer, certain errors or actions may be repeated or compounded before they are 
discovered and rectified, which would further increase these costs and consequences. 
In addition, third parties with which the Issuer does business under stringent contractual agreements may 
also be sources of cyber security or other technological risks. Unauthorised access, loss or destruction of 
data or other cyber incidents could occur, resulting in similar costs and consequences to the Issuer as 
those described above. The risks associated with cyber security and other technological risks might 
generate disruptions that, if persistent, might significantly affect the Issuer's business, prospects, results 
of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 16 ---
Page 16 
The Issuer may be unable to attract and retain key personnel, directors, managers, employees and 
other individuals without whom the Issuer may not be able to manage its business effectively. 
The Issuer depends on the availability and continued service of a relatively small number of key 
managers, employees and other individuals. These key individuals are heavily involved in the daily 
operation of the Issuer's business and are, at the same time, required to make strategic decisions, ensure 
their implementation and manage and supervise the Issuer's development. The loss of any of these key 
individuals could significantly impede the Issuer's financial plans, product development, network 
expansion, marketing and other plans. 
In addition, competition for qualified executives in the Romanian financial services industry is intense. 
The Issuer's future results depend, in a significant part, upon the continued contributions of its existing 
management and its ability to expand the senior management team by adding highly skilled new 
members, who may be difficult to identify and recruit. If any of the Issuer's senior executives or other 
key individuals terminate their employment or engagement, the Issuer's business, prospects, results of 
operation and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, this may disrupt 
the services provided by the Issuer which could in turn lead to disenfranchising certain customer groups, 
customer detriment and reputational damage. 
The Issuer may undertake future acquisitions on an opportunistic basis. 
The Issuer may in the future undertake, on an opportunistic basis, acquisitions in the existing business 
lines of the Issuer or in other businesses complementary to them. The main risk of such transactions lies 
in the fact that the real financial benefits of a potential acquisition cannot be guaranteed to be in line with 
the ones estimated when the decision to acquire was made. Also, integration efforts may prove more 
costly than initially expected and acquisitions may divert management attention or financial or other 
resources away from the existing business of the Issuer or require additional expenditures. Such 
developments could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
Any suspension, downgrade or withdrawal of the Issuer's credit ratings by an international rating 
agency could have a negative impact on the Issuer's business. 
The Issuer's ability to obtain financing and the costs related to the Issuer's financing depend on general 
market conditions and the Issuer's (perceived) creditworthiness and ratings. Any adverse revisions to the 
Issuer's credit ratings for domestic or international debt by international rating agencies may adversely 
impact the credit rating of its indebtedness (including the Notes), the Issuer's ability to raise additional 
financing via debt issuances and the interest rates and other commercial terms under which such 
additional financing is available. Any suspension, downgrade or withdrawal of the Issuer's credit ratings 
by an international rating agency could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, liquidity 
position, competitive position, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
Derivative transactions may expose the Issuer to unexpected risk and unforeseen losses. 
The Issuer is party to certain derivative transactions, such as interest rate swap contracts, with financial 
institutions to hedge against certain financial risks. Changes in the fair value of these derivative financial 
instruments that are not cash flow hedges, are reported in profit and loss, and accordingly could materially 
affect the Issuer's reported results in any period. Moreover, the Issuer may be exposed to the risk that its 
counterparty in a derivative transaction may be unable to perform its obligations as a result of being 
placed in receivership or otherwise. In the event that a counterparty to a material derivative transaction is 
unable to perform its obligations thereunder, the Issuer may experience losses that could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition, financial returns and results of operations. 
Hedging measures might prove to be ineffective. When entering into unhedged positions, the Issuer is 
directly exposed to the risk of changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or prices of financial 
instruments. 
The Issuer utilises a range of instruments and strategies to hedge risks. Unforeseen market developments 
may have a significant impact on the effectiveness of hedging measures. If hedging measures prove to be 
ineffective, the Issuer may incur losses. Unexpected market developments which cannot be correlated 
with the Issuer's historical trading patterns may adversely affect the effectiveness of the Issuer's hedging

--- Page 17 ---
Page 17 
strategies, the results, the operations and the Issuer's business prospects. In a worst-case scenario, an 
originally hedged position may become an unhedged position due to counterparty's default. 
In addition, the Issuer assumes open, i.e. unhedged, positions with respect to interest rates, foreign 
exchange and financial instruments either in the expectation that favourable market movements may 
result in profits or it considers certain positions cannot be hedged effectively or at all. These open 
positions are subject to the risk that changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or the prices of 
financial instruments may result in significant losses. 
1.2 
Economic and political risks 
Concerns related to social, political and military conflicts in the region and to global geopolitical 
tensions may have consequences which may adversely affect the Issuer's business. 
The ongoing political and military instability in regions neighbouring Romania (marked by the military 
conflict in Ukraine, as well as by the increased political instability in the Republic of Belarus, the 
Republic of Moldova and the Balkan region), may cause materially adverse economic conditions, 
significant currency fluctuations, increases in interest rates, decreases in the availability of credit, trading 
and capital flows, further price spikes and even disruptions on energy and food markets with a profound 
potential negative impact on inflation and the financial situation of companies and households. Effects 
are to a large extent unpredictable but may include even social turmoil or, in the worst case, military 
confrontation in Romania or other European countries. These developments and other unforeseen 
negative effects of regional crises or the perception that any of these developments will occur or 
exacerbate, have had, and could continue to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
prospects, operational results and financial position and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Relations between the United States of America and China have deteriorated in recent years. If these 
relations further deteriorate, this could have a material adverse effect on the global economy and global 
financial markets, and implicitly on the Romanian economy and financial markets. In this case, the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes may be adversely affected. 
There is high uncertainty on the persistence of elevated inflation, on the global economic growth 
outlook, and on the course of monetary policies in both developed and emerging economies, which 
increases the uncertainty with regards to the future profitability of the Issuer. 
Global supply chain dysfunctionalities and expansionary fiscal and monetary policies implemented 
globally following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in global inflationary pressure in 
2021 that was further aggravated by the start of the military conflict in Ukraine in February 2022. 
Inflationary pressures eased worldwide in 2023 as the shocks of the previous years dissipated. However, 
at the end of 2023, in most of the developed and emerging countries, including Romania, inflation rates 
were still well above central banks' inflation targets. In view of the elevated inflation dynamics, central 
banks in developed and emerging economies, including Romania, increased interest rates substantially 
during the period from 2021 to 2023. This disinflation process is expected to continue in 2024 and the 
subsequent years, and it is expected that central banks will reduce interest rates (with some central banks 
in the CEE region having already started to reduce interest rates in 2023). However, there is a high degree 
of uncertainty with regard to the outlook of inflation rates and economic growth, as well as to the course 
of the monetary policy in the coming years, both in developed and emerging economies. If inflationary 
pressure remains elevated and inflation rates persist at levels above those considered to be normal, central 
banks in developed and emerging economies could continue their restrictive monetary policies for a 
longer period, even if economic growth remains weak. In this case, higher levels of interest rates might 
persist for longer, including in Romania. This could have a negative impact on the economy, financial 
position of debtors and market value of securities, and thus on the profitability and capital position of the 
Issuer. However, if the global economy were to enter into a recession and inflationary pressures were to 
fall rapidly to levels below those considered to be normal, then central banks would have to lower interest 
rates again rapidly. A quick return to a low interest rate environment could also have a negative impact 
on the Issuer's profitability.

--- Page 18 ---
Page 18 
Concerns related to the sustainability of the public finances could increase if large public budget 
deficits persist, keeping the public debt on an upward trajectory. Increase in borrowing costs of the 
Romanian government could have a negative impact on the Issuer's profitability. 
During 2020-2023, the Romanian government had to provide financial support to private individuals and 
companies to help them cope with the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the rapid increase 
in prices. As a result, the public budget deficit was significantly elevated during this period (9.2% of GDP 
in 2020, 7.1% of GDP in 2021, 6.2% of GDP in 2022, and expected to be close to 6% of GDP in 2023 
according to the European System of National and Regional Accounts (ESA) 2010 standards). Public 
budget deficits are expected to decrease only gradually in the coming years, reaching a level of 2.9% of 
GDP not before 2027 according to the most recent plans of the Romanian government. Persistent and 
very elevated public budget deficits and a failure of the fiscal consolidation process could trigger an 
increase in risk aversion among investors towards Romania. In this case, covering the public funding 
needs (the public budget deficit and the rollover of the maturing debt) could become more difficult to 
achieve, while borrowing costs of the Romanian government could increase. A sharp increase in yields 
of Romanian government bonds would result in losses for the Issuer due to its holdings of such financial 
instruments. Borrowing costs in the economy would increase as well in this case, limiting economic 
growth and making it difficult for private individuals and companies to take new loans or to service their 
debt, which would have a negative impact on the profitability of the Issuer. 
The real convergence of the Romanian economy towards the other EU member states' economies was 
significant in the last two decades. In 2023, Romania's GDP per capita in Purchasing Power Standards 
("PPS") amounted to 78% of the EU's average. Romania's real GDP increased by 2.1% in 2023 from 
2022, which was one of the fastest advances in the region. According to the European Commission's 
forecasts from February 2024, Romania's real GDP might increase by 2.9% in 2024 and 3.2% in 2025. 
According to these forecasts, Romania's GDP growth during 2024-2025 might be the fastest one among 
the Central, Eastern and South-eastern Europe countries that are part of EU. Romania's unemployment 
rate was stable during 2023 and stood at 5.6% at end-year. Romania's annual inflation rate peaked at 
16.8% in November 2022 and entered on a downward trend subsequently, reaching 6.6% in March 2024. 
Over the following years, Romania is eligible to receive funds (transfers and loans) from the European 
Commission as part of the EU budget for the period 2021-2027, and as part of the Next Generation EU 
package. Such foreign capital inflows should foster economic potential and economic growth and ensure 
funding for the public investments. A failure to increase the absorption of EU funds would make the fiscal 
consolidation process more difficult and would result in higher borrowing cost in the economy and lower 
profitability of companies and of the Issuer. 
Indirect taxes (VAT and excises) and direct taxes could be hiked and/or new taxes (including, without 
limitation to, a windfall tax applicable to credit institutions such as the Issuer) could be enacted if the 
fiscal consolidation process fails and the Romanian government faces difficulty to cover public funding 
needs. This would have a negative impact on the disposable income and the financial position of private 
individuals and companies, lowering their capacity to borrow new money or to repay existing debt. 
Therefore, revenues of the Issuer could be negatively impacted by an increase in taxation aiming to reduce 
the public deficit. 
The failure of the fiscal consolidation process could trigger a downgrade of Romania's sovereign rating 
to non-investment category, making external funding more difficult and more expensive for Romania. 
This would have a negative impact on the economic growth, lowering the demand for loans and the 
capacity of debtors to repay their debt. Revenues of the Issuer would be negatively impacted by a 
downgrade of Romania's sovereign rating to non-investment category and/or the introduction of new 
taxes applicable to the Issuer. 
Any downgrade of Romania's credit ratings by an international rating agency could have a negative 
impact on the Issuer. 
Any adverse revisions to Romania's credit ratings for domestic or international debt by international credit 
rating agencies may materially adversely impact the Issuer's credit rating, its ability to raise additional 
financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms under which such additional financing is 
available. This could hamper the Issuer's ability to obtain financing, which could have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer's business, liquidity position, competitive position, prospects, results of operations and 
financial condition.

--- Page 19 ---
Page 19 
The Romanian Leu can be subject to high volatility. 
The Romanian currency, the Romanian Leu, is subject to a managed-floating exchange rate regime, 
whereby its value against foreign currencies is determined in the interbank foreign exchange market. The 
official monetary policy strategy of the NBR is inflation-targeting. The managed-floating exchange rate 
regime is in line with using inflation targets as a nominal anchor for monetary policy and allowing for a 
flexible policy response to unpredicted shocks likely to affect the economy. The NBR does not officially 
target any level or range for the exchange rate. The ability of the NBR to limit volatility of the Romanian 
Leu is contingent on a number of economic and political factors, including the availability of foreign 
currency reserves and foreign capital inflows, as well as developments in market sentiment and investors' 
risk aversion on the Romanian economy or on the global financial markets. 
The Romanian Leu depreciated by 0.5% against the Euro during 2023, which is in line with the trend of 
the previous years, when it also gradually depreciated against the Euro (1.2% on average per year during 
2018-2022). However, larger fluctuations of the Leu exchange rate should not be excluded. Large 
macroeconomic imbalances (public budget deficit, current account deficit) suggest that pressures for Leu 
depreciation against the Euro are more likely than ones for Leu appreciation going forward. Risks for Leu 
depreciation could be amplified by a failure of the fiscal consolidation process or by a failure to use the 
funds made available by the EU under the regular multi-annual budgets or under the Next Generation EU 
recovery package. Episodes of domestic political instability could also have a negative impact on the Leu 
exchange rate, fuelling its depreciation. 
A significant depreciation of the Romanian Leu could adversely affect Romania's economic and financial 
position. Any higher than expected inflation resulting from the depreciation of the Leu could lead to a 
reduction in customer purchasing power and an erosion of customer confidence in the local currency, 
which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, operational results and financial 
position. 
In addition, the economy, the banking system, as well as the Issuer may be negatively affected by the 
increase of indebtedness and the deterioration of the financial situation of the Issuer's debtors who have 
contracted loans in foreign currency, as a result of the RON depreciation. 
The economy of Romania is more vulnerable to fluctuations in the global economy than more developed 
markets. The Issuer may, thus, be adversely affected by the unfavourable conditions in the global 
economy or volatile equity and credit markets, in particular due to the uncertainty caused by the military 
conflict in Ukraine and other global geopolitical developments, and by policies implemented by central 
banks in major developed economies. The Romanian economy is fully integrated in the global trade and 
financial flows, with EU member states accounting for the bulk of these flows. As a result, the 
performance of the Romanian economy depends to a large extent on the developments in the global 
economy and the global financial markets. Increased global geopolitical tensions and trade controversies, 
the military conflict in Ukraine, a slowdown of economic growth at the level of the global economy, the 
availability and cost of credit and episodes of market turbulences could have an adverse impact on both 
developed and emerging countries, such as Romania. 
The impact of global economic developments historically is often felt more strongly in emerging markets, 
such as Romania, than it is in more mature markets. Many emerging economies are less economically 
developed and rely to a large extent on external demand and on foreign borrowing. As happened in the 
past, financial problems or an increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging 
economies could see the Romanian economy facing severe liquidity constraints, causing it to, among 
other things, raise tax rates or impose new taxes. Also, recession episodes on external markets will have 
a negative impact on exporting companies. Negative developments in, or the general weakness of, the 
Romanian economy, in particular increasing levels of unemployment, may have a direct negative impact 
on the debt servicing capabilities of the Issuer's customers. The Issuer can provide no assurances that a 
deterioration of the Romanian economy will not lead to a higher number of defaulting customers. 
Therefore, a weak economy and a negative economic development may jeopardise the Issuer's growth 
targets and may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, prospects, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
In addition, Romania has undergone substantial political, economic and social change in recent years. 
Typically for emerging markets, Romania does not possess the full business, legal and regulatory

--- Page 20 ---
Page 20 
infrastructure that would generally exist in more mature free market economies. In addition, the tax 
legislation in Romania is subject to varying interpretations and changes, which can occur frequently. 
Moreover, Romania has experienced periods of significant political instability. The political environment 
in Romania has been usually dominated by political conflict, facing at some moments significant pressure 
from massive street protests. Conflicts between the Romanian government, its parliament and Romania's 
president may lead to political and social turmoil, which could hinder policymaking, as well as slow down 
economic development and institutional reforms. 
Therefore, the performance of the Romanian economy remains largely dependent upon the developments 
in the global economy, equity and credit markets, as well as the effectiveness of economic, financial and 
monetary measures undertaken by its government, together with tax, legal, regulatory and political 
developments. Any potential failure of the Issuer to manage the risks associated with its business in 
emerging markets could have a material adverse effect on its business, reputation, operational results and 
financial position. 
Corruption could create a difficult business climate in Romania. 
Corruption is a significant risk confronting companies with business operations in Romania. International 
and local media, as well as international organisations, have issued numerous alerting reports on the level 
of corruption. For example, the 2023 Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index, which 
evaluates data on corruption in countries throughout the world and ranks countries from 0 (least corrupt) 
to 100 (most corrupt), ranked Romania at the 63rd position (2023 score: 46; 2022 score: 46; 2021 score: 
45; 2020 score: 44). 
Corruption has been reported to affect the judicial systems and some of the regulatory and administrative 
bodies in Romania, which may be relevant for the Issuer's business. Although it is difficult to predict all 
of the effects of corruption on the Issuer's operations, it can, among other things, slow down approvals of 
regulatory permits and licenses needed to conduct the Issuer's business. Therefore, corruption could have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, prospects, operational results or financial position. 
1.3 
Risks relating to legal and regulatory matters and litigation 
Romania may react to economic and financial crises with increased protectionist measures including 
in the field of consumer protection. 
Currently there are a few legal initiatives (some of which are domestic while some are aimed at 
transposing certain EU directives) that may have an adverse effect on banking operations in Romania. 
The proposed changes may have effects on the following key aspects: making the assignment of non-
performing credit loans less attractive, repealing the current legal provisions which stipulate that loan 
agreements concluded by credit institutions qualify as a writ of execution and therefore making the 
recovery of defaulting loans lengthier and more costly, capping interest rates in relation to consumer loans 
and increasing the "powers" of the consumer protection authority. These effects are triggered by the legal 
provisions encapsulated in the following draft laws: 
• 
the draft law on the protection of consumers against speculative assignments of claims (registered 
with the Senate under no. L583/2019 and with the Chamber of Deputies under no. PL-x 
no. 665/2019): the draft law concerns the speculative transfer (by way of assignment or otherwise) 
by a financial creditor (i.e. credit institutions, non-banking financial institutions or authorised 
collection agencies) of its loan receivables against a consumer to any third party which is not a 
financial creditor. A transfer is deemed speculative if it: (i) has no equivalent in an economic 
fact; or (ii) is not carried out for the purposes of mobilisation of trade receivables, refinancing of 
the financial creditor or the provision of financial collateral. In this context, the draft law provides, 
inter alia, that: (i) loan receivables against consumers may not be assigned to a party which is 
not a financial creditor; and (ii) a consumer can be released of his/her obligations by paying to 
the assignee the price of the assignment and that the assignee is not entitled to recover more than 
the price it has paid itself in relation to such an assigned loan receivable. The Romanian 
Consumers Protection Authority ("ANPC") would be empowered to check the "speculative" 
nature of an assignment.

--- Page 21 ---
Page 21 
• 
the draft law on the protection of consumers against unfair or untimely enforcement (registered 
with the Senate under no. L585/2019 and with the Chamber of Deputies under no. PL-x 
no. 663/2019) which has been approved by the Senate and is currently registered for debate with 
the Chamber of Deputies. Aside of other provisions, the draft law provides that credit agreements 
and related security/collateral agreements shall no longer be deemed writs of execution by virtue 
of law. Further, it also stipulates that if the "family home" is being foreclosed, the family is 
entitled to remain in their home until it finds a "decent" replacement but not more than a period 
of one year after foreclosure. 
• 
the draft law on protection of consumers against currency risk in credit agreements (registered 
with the Senate under no. L584/2019 and with the Chamber of Deputies under no. PL-x 
no. 662/2019) which has been approved by the Senate and is currently registered for debate with 
the Chamber of Deputies. The draft law states that at the request of a consumer, in order to 
balance the contract, creditors are bound to convert the currency of payment into the national 
currency or another currency in which such a consumer earns the majority of his/her income. It 
further provides that the conversion will be made at the exchange rate valid on the date of 
conclusion or perfection of the agreement, plus a maximum variation of 20% versus such an 
exchange rate. The oversight powers in relation to the application of such provisions are granted 
to ANPC. 
• 
the draft law on protection of consumers (registered with the Senate under no. L647/2022 and 
with the Chamber of Deputies under no. PL-x no. 776/2022) which has been approved by the 
Senate and is currently registered for debate with the Chamber of Deputies. The draft law seeks 
to replace the general framework on the protection of consumers regulated by Government 
Ordinance no. 21/1992 on consumer protection, as republished and further amended. Among 
others, the draft law seeks to introduce fines for breaches of the said legislation, which in the 
case of legal entities with a turnover exceeding RON 10,000,000 which are found to include 
abusive clauses in the agreements with consumers may range from RON 10,000 to RON 160,000. 
• 
the draft law for amending and supplementing Law No. 77/2016 on discharge of mortgage-
backed debts through title transfer over an immovable property ("Law on Debt Discharge") 
(registered with the Senate under no. B86/2023 and with the Chamber of Deputies under no. PL-
x no. 341/2023) which has been approved by the Senate and is currently registered for debate 
with the Chamber of Deputies. The draft law seeks to extend the scope of applicability in order 
to make the Law on Debt Discharge also applicable to retail customers who contracted "Prima 
Casa" loans (i.e. loans benefiting from the special regime under the Government Emergency 
Ordinance no. 60/2009 on measures for the implementation of the "New Home" program, as 
amended, aimed at facilitating the access of natural persons to the purchase of a home by 
contracting loans guaranteed by the state) (currently not benefiting from the Law on Debt 
Discharge). 
• 
the draft law on the protection of consumers with regard to the total cost of credit and assignment 
of claims (registered with the Senate under no. L474/2021 and with the Chamber of Deputies 
under no. PL-x no. 18/2022) which envisages measures for the limitation of the total cost of 
credit and provides specific percentage rates which cannot be exceeded for different types of 
credit facilities. The draft law was approved by the Senate and by the Chambers of Deputies and 
was sent to the President for enactment. 
Most of the above draft laws (except for the draft law on protection of consumers (registered with the 
Chamber of Deputies under no. PL-x no. 776/2022) and the draft Law on Debt Discharge (registered with 
the Senate under no. B86/2023)) provide for a retroactive application, i.e. both in relation to existing loan 
agreements concluded with consumers as well as agreements to be concluded in the future. Further, such 
draft laws reiterate provisions which have been declared unconstitutional and therefore their approval in 
the proposed form remains questionable.  
In addition to the above draft laws, there is also a draft law on the statute of ANPC (registered with the 
Chamber of Deputies under no. Pl-x no. 176/2016) aimed at extending ANPC powers and changing the 
sanctioning regime by introducing fines applicable to the turnover of the infringer versus the current 
sanctioning regime which provides for fixed value and ranges of fines irrespective of the turnover of the 
infringer.

--- Page 22 ---
Page 22 
Furthermore, Romania is expected to transpose Directive (EU) 2023/2673 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 22 November 2023 amending Directive 2011/83/EU as regards financial services 
contracts concluded at a distance and repealing Directive 2002/65/EC ("Revised Distance Marketing 
Directive") which shall enhance consumer protection with regard to financial services contracts 
concluded between a consumer and a trader at a distance. Among others, the Revised Distance Marketing 
Directive provides the right of withdrawal from distance contracts via online interface and the 
requirement of specific information to be provided, in a clear and comprehensible manner, before the 
execution of an agreement (e.g. total price, financial service details, consequences of late payments). The 
transposition of the Revised Distance Marketing Directive is due by 19 December 2025. Thereby, EU 
member states are expected to apply the transposed measures from 19 June 2026. 
Lastly, Romania is expected to transpose Directive (EU) 2023/2225 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 18 October 2023 on credit agreements for consumers and repealing Directive 2008/48/EC 
("New Consumer Credit Directive") which shall address technological developments in the credit 
market and, in particular, improve consumer protection in the credit market (e.g. including measures to 
limit borrowing rates, annual percentage rates of charge or total costs of credit to the consumer). The 
transposition of the New Consumer Credit Directive is due by 20 November 2025. EU member states are 
expected to apply the transposed measures from 20 November 2026. 
On 23 December 2023, Romania has transposed Directive (EU) 2020/1828 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 25 November 2020 on representative actions for the protection of the collective 
interests of consumers and repealing Directive 2009/22/EC ("Class Action Directive") which enhanced 
the rights of consumer customers in trials against professionals such as the Issuer and enlarge the number 
of consumer customers that can take advantage of a court decision against a professional such as the 
Issuer, through Law no. 414/2023 on representation actions for the protection of the collective interests 
of the consumers ("Law no. 414/2023"). The collective actions can be initiated (i) either to stop the 
practice or (ii) to repair the damages, the main difference between the two actions being that for the 
termination of a practice the consent of the consumer is not required, whereas for the reparation action 
the written consent of each represented consumer must be obtained. Companies should take into 
consideration that future litigation may involve class actions and increased means of evidence compared 
to the usual individual litigation. 
Besides the above-mentioned enactments on consumer protection, the draft law on the use and provision 
of trusted services (registered with the Chambers of Deputies under no. PL-x no. 701/2023 and with the 
Senate under no. L524/2023), currently approved by the Senate, aims to create a predictable legal 
framework for the use of each type of electronic signature (qualified, advanced and simple) and to provide 
extended legal value to the use of advanced signature. 
The Issuer is subject to substantial regulation and supervision. Any new governmental or regulatory 
requirement and/or any change in perceived levels of adequate capitalisation and leverage could 
subject the Issuer to increased capital requirements and an increased minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") and require the Issuer to obtain additional capital or liquidity 
in the future. 
The Issuer has to comply with complex regulatory requirements at all times. Such requirements tend to 
evolve and become more extensive and stricter. Compliance with such requirements, including the 
ongoing monitoring and implementation of new or amended rules and regulations, causes significant 
costs and effort for the Issuer. Any (factual or even only alleged) breach of such requirements may result 
in major regulatory measures and may trigger considerable legal and reputational risks. Any legislative 
or regulatory actions and any required changes to the business operations of the Issuer resulting from 
changes to applicable regulation, as well as any deficiencies in the Issuer's compliance with applicable 
regulation, could result in significant loss of revenue, limit the Issuer's ability to pursue business 
opportunities in which it might otherwise consider engaging, affect the value of assets that it holds, require 
the Issuer to increase the prices for its services (and thereby adversely impact the demand for the Issuer's 
products and services), impose additional compliance and other costs on the Issuer or otherwise adversely 
affect its business. The Issuer may be requested to comply with higher capital and liquidity requirements 
and may incur substantial costs related to the monitoring of and the compliance with these requirements, 
as described in detail below. 
Revised rules on capital and liquidity, i.e., Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage

--- Page 23 ---
Page 23 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit 
risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 ("CRR2") 
and Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures 
("CRD V") were published in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019 following a legislative process which 
began at the end of 2016. 
As of the date of this prospectus, the requirements stipulated by CRD V have been implemented into 
Romanian law. 
The new rules of the CRR2 and CRD V impose, inter alia: 
• 
A binding leverage ratio requiring institutions to maintain Tier 1 capital of at least 3% of their 
non-risk-weighted assets. An additional leverage ratio buffer applying to global systemically 
important institutions ("G-SIIs"). Unlike the Basel III standard, CRR2 allows initial margin to 
reduce the exposure measure when applying the leverage ratio to derivatives. 
• 
A net stable funding requirement ("NSFR"). Unlike the liquidity coverage ratio (which focuses 
on the quality and liquidity of institutions' assets), the NSFR focuses on the liabilities side of the 
balance sheet and is designed to ensure that exposures are broadly matched with stable funding 
sources. The NSFR has been calibrated with a view to avoiding disruption to EU covered bond, 
derivatives and repo markets with discrete divergences from the international standard. 
• 
A new approach to market risk, which reflects the Basel Committee's Fundamental Review of 
the Trading Book ("FRTB"). Initially the new framework only applies as a reporting requirement. 
Since work on FRTB is continuing at the level of the Basel Committee, the new framework will 
only be implemented as a binding capital requirement in the EU at a later date, subsequent to a 
separate legislative proposal from the Commission. 
• 
A new approach to counterparty credit risk ("SA-CCR"), CRR2 constituting the EU's 
implementation of the new Basel standardised approach to SA-CCR. The new approach is more 
risk sensitive, providing better recognition of hedging, netting, diversification and collateral. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission adopted the Banking Package 2021: new EU rules to 
strengthen banks' resilience and better prepare for the future. The package implies the review of the 
Capital Requirements Directive IV (the "CRD IV", means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms) and the Capital Requirements 
Regulation (the "CRR", means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms) 
frameworks as well as a separate legislative proposal to amend the CRR in the area of resolution (the so-
called "daisy chain" proposal), all of which aimed at ensuring that EU banks become more resilient to 
potential future economic shocks, while contributing to Europe's recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic 
and the transition to climate neutrality. With this package, the implementation of the Basel III agreement 
in the EU will be finalised. The package consists of three pillars: (i) implementing Basel III while taking 
into account the specific features of the EU's banking sector, for example when it comes to low-risk 
mortgages. The proposal aims to strengthen resilience, without resulting in significant increases in capital 
requirements. It limits the overall impact on capital requirements to what is necessary, while it reduces 
compliance costs, in particular for smaller banks; (ii) sustainability - banks will be required to 
systematically identify, disclose and manage ESG risks as part of their risk management which includes 
regular climate stress testing by both supervisors and banks while proportionate disclosure rules regarding 
the degree to which banks are exposed to ESG risks will apply; and (iii) stronger supervision meaning 
supervisors overseeing EU banks will benefit from stronger supervision tools especially in relation to 
rules applicable in assessing whether senior staff have the requisite skills and knowledge for managing a 
bank or its subsidiaries. Trilogue negotiations between the Council, the European Parliament and the 
European Commission on the Banking Package 2021 have been finalized in December 2023. The 
Banking Package 2021 has been adopted by the European Parliament in April 2024 and will, subject to 
the Council's pending formal adoption of the Banking Package 2021, be published in the Official Journal

--- Page 24 ---
Page 24 
of the European Union. The new rules of the Banking Package 2021 will in a large part apply as of 1 
January 2025. 
More generally, the risk of non-compliance with different legal and regulatory requirements and any 
adverse changes thereto, may potentially negatively affect the Issuer's current business model, internal 
policies and results, this risk being particularly relevant for the Issuer. 
Any non-compliance or failure to address these issues properly, could lead to additional legal risk and 
financial losses, as a result of regulatory fines or reprimands, litigations, or reputational damage, and in 
extreme scenarios, to the suspension of operations or even a withdrawal of the Issuer's authorisation to 
pursue business. Additional regulations or changes in the applicable laws, could add significant costs or 
operational constraints that may have a negative impact on the Issuer's business, financial condition and 
prospects. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (the "BRRD", Directive 2014/59/EU on the Bank Recovery 
and Resolution of credit institutions and investment firms) provisions may have a material adverse effect 
on the investment in the Notes, there being a risk for any holder of the Notes (each a "Holder") of losing 
their investment, as well as on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The BRRD, has been modified by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC 
("BRRD 2"). Romanian law provisions transposing BRRD 2 provide for a 180 days period as of the date 
of their entry into force (i.e. 3 January 2022) for the fulfilment of the intermediate target levels. 
In May 2023, the NBR, in its role as Romanian Resolution Authority, has communicated to the Issuer the 
new MREL targets in accordance with BRRD (as amended by BRRD 2) provisions, set in a joint decision 
with the Single Resolution Board in its capacity of Resolution Authority of RBI Group. 
Based on the joint decision, it was determined that, starting 1 January 2024, the Issuer shall comply on a 
consolidated basis at the level of the resolution group with an MREL target of 27.98% in terms of Total 
Risk Exposure Amount ("TREA") and 5.91% in terms of Leverage Ratio Exposure Measure ("LRE"). At 
the same time, the subordinated requirements are set at the levels of 24.48% in terms of TREA and 5.91% 
of LRE, effective from 1 January 2024. The intermediate binding MREL levels shall remain unchanged 
and shall be equal to 21.10% of TREA and 5.90% of LRE. The minimum interim subordination 
requirement shall remain unchanged as well at 19.88% of TREA and 5.90% of LRE. 
 
The MREL risk-based targets (TREA) do not include the Combined Buffer Requirements ("CBR") of 
the Issuer (which are determined in line with the Government Emergency Ordinance 99/2006 on credit 
institutions and capital adequacy). Own funds held to meet CBR shall not be taken into account for the 
MREL – TREA targets (stacking order principle). Law no. 312/2015 regarding the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (published in the Official Gazette, Part I No. 920 of 
12/11/2015), as amended and supplemented, including the amendments introduced by Law no. 320/2021 
amending and supplementing Law no. 312/2005 regarding the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as well as amending and supplementing certain laws in the financial 
field (published in the Official Gazette, Part I No. 1256 of 31 December 2021 transposing BRRD (as 
amended by BRRD 2)) and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform 
procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a 
Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) 
No 1093/2010 ("SRMR") recognise as resolution strategies both, a single or multiple point-of-entry 
("SPE" and "MPE") approach. In an SPE approach a failing bank subsidiary is recapitalised by using 
instruments issued by the group parent, the proceeds being down-streamed to the failing subsidiary, while 
in an MPE approach a failing bank subsidiary is recapitalised by using instruments issued by the failing 
subsidiary itself. By applying the SPE approach, the shareholder structure of the parent entity may 
undergo change as a result of the resolution, whereas by applying the MPE approach, the shareholder 
structure of the failing subsidiary is the one that may be subject to change, with the shareholding structure 
of the parent entity remaining the same.

--- Page 25 ---
Page 25 
The Group has received approval from NBR to adopt a multiple point-of-entry resolution strategy, 
meaning that in case of resolution the Group will be recapitalised by instruments issued by the Group and 
not by instruments issued by the RBI Group parent entity (as would happen in a single point-of-entry 
resolution strategy). 
The relevant minimum contribution is determined yearly by the competent resolution authority under the 
applicable banking laws. If the competent resolution authority requests an increase of the Issuer's MREL, 
the Issuer could be required to issue additional eligible liabilities at substantial costs. This could have a 
material adverse impact on the Issuer's profitability and financial situation. 
Moreover, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to meet these MREL requirements, which could 
materially adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes. In particular, under the 
bail-in tool, the resolution authorities may order a write-down of the Notes or convert them into CET 1 
instruments. Apart from potentially being subject to resolution tools and the exercise of other powers as 
set out under Law no. 312/2015, as amended or replaced from time to time (the "Romanian Recovery 
and Resolution Act"), the Issuer may also be subject to the regime instituted by the general national 
bankruptcy proceedings for credit institutions. Compliance with anti-money laundering, counter-
terrorism financing and anti-corruption rules involve significant costs and efforts, whereby any non-
compliance may have severe legal and reputational consequences for the Issuer. 
The Issuer is subject to rules and regulations regarding anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism 
financing and anti-corruption. These rules and regulations have been tightened in recent years and may 
be further tightened and more strictly enforced in particular following the implementation of the fourth 
anti-money laundering directive (Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council) and the fifth anti-money laundering directive (Directive (EU) 2018/843 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council), as enacted in Romania by Law no. 129/2019 on the prevention and 
combating of money laundering and terrorist financing, amending and supplementing certain legal acts 
("Law no. 129/2019"), as further amended and supplemented, inter alia, by Law no. 315/2021 on the 
amendment and supplement of Law no. 129/2019 and certain other laws. Monitoring compliance with 
anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and counter-terrorism financing rules can result in a significant 
financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and can pose significant technical problems. 
The Issuer cannot guarantee that it complies with all applicable anti-money laundering, anti-corruption 
and counter-terrorism financing rules at all times or that its Group-wide anti-money laundering, anti-
corruption and counter-terrorism financing standards are being consistently applied by its employees 
under all circumstances. Any violation of anti-money laundering, anti-corruption or counter-terrorism 
financing rules, or even alleged violations, may have severe legal, monetary and reputational 
consequences and could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results 
of operations, liquidity or prospects. 
On 20 October 2022, the European Banking Authority ("EBA") published the final standards and 
guidelines on interest rate risk arising from non-trading book activities. The guidelines on interest rate 
risks for banking book ("IRRBB") and credit spread risk arising from non-trading book activities 
(CSRBB) (EBA/GL/2022/14) replaced the guidelines on technical aspects of the management of interest 
rate risk arising from non-trading activities (EBA/GL/2018/02) under the supervisory review process 
(SREP) published in 2018. The final draft regulatory technical standards ("RTS") on the IRRBB 
standardised approach (EBA/RTS/2022/09) specify the criteria to evaluate the risks arising from potential 
changes in interest rates that affect both the economic value of equity ("EVE") and the net interest income 
of an institution's non-trading book activities. The final draft RTS on IRRBB supervisory outlier tests 
(SOT) (EBA/RTS/2022/10) specify the modelling and parametric assumptions and the supervisory shock 
scenarios to identify institutions for which the EVE would decline by more than 15% of Tier 1 capital, as 
well as to evaluate if there is a large decline in the net interest income, that could trigger supervisory 
measures. These standards and guidelines complete the onboarding of the Basel standards on IRRBB into 
EU law and are of crucial importance given the current interest rate environment. A new set of rules and 
standard outlier tests are proposed under these guidelines and standards with regard to net interest income 
volatility that might have an impact on the Issuer's capital requirements for market risk and on the Issuer's 
profitability. 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a legislative proposal to adjust the EU's bank crisis 
management and deposit insurance ("CMDI") framework. The package implies the review of the BRRD 
and SRMR frameworks as well as a separate legislative proposal to amend the Deposit Guarantee 
Schemes Directive (the "DGSD", Directive 2014/49/EU on deposit guarantee schemes), all of which aim

--- Page 26 ---
Page 26 
at further preserving financial stability, protecting taxpayers and depositors, and supporting the real 
economy and its competitiveness. The proposals enable authorities to organise the orderly market exit for 
a failing bank of any size and business model and consists of three pillars: (i) preserving financial stability 
and protecting taxpayers' money through facilitating the use of deposit guarantee schemes in crisis 
situations; (ii) shielding the real economy from the impact of bank failure by allowing authorities to fully 
use resolution as a key component of the crisis management toolbox; and (iii) better protecting depositors. 
The European Commission's proposal harmonises the standards of depositor protection across the EU 
and further extends the new framework of depositor protection to public entities. Furthermore, the 
proposal harmonises the protection of temporary high balances on bank accounts in excess of 
EUR 100,000 linked to specific life events. In particular, the new rules introduce a new depositor 
preference, according to which the "super-preference" of deposit guarantee schemes is removed and a 
single-tier ranking for all deposits (covered deposits and deposit guarantee schemes' claims, non-covered 
deposits of households and small and medium enterprises, other non-covered deposits) is created. 
Furthermore, the new rules foresee that all deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims are preferred. 
However, there is a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the proposed adjustments to the CMDI 
framework and when they will be finally implemented in the EU. In this regard, it is expected that trilogue 
negotiations between the Council, the European Parliament and the European Commission on the review 
of the CMDI framework will start at the end of 2024. Therefore, as at the date of this Prospectus, the 
exact impact of these adjustments and the potential effects on the Issuer cannot be assessed yet. 
The Issuer may be subject to fines, awards of damages or other penalties arising from legal proceedings, 
contractual claims and disputes, as well as negative publicity arising therefrom. 
In the context of its day-to-day operations the Issuer is exposed to litigation risk, among others, as a result 
of changing and developing consumer protection legislation and legislation on the provision of banking 
and investment services. 
In addition, the Issuer may be adversely affected by other claims (contractual or otherwise), complaints 
and litigation, including from counterparties with whom it has contractual relationships, customers, 
competitors or regulatory authorities, as well as any adverse publicity that it may attract. Any such 
litigation, complaints, contractual claims, or adverse publicity could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, reputation, results of operation and financial condition. 
Applicable Romanian insolvency and bankruptcy laws, as well as other laws and regulations governing 
creditors' rights may limit the Issuer's ability to obtain payments on defaulted loans and advances. 
Romanian bankruptcy and enforcement laws may not offer in all respect the same level of rights, remedies 
and protections that creditors enjoy under the legal regimes in other EU jurisdictions. In particular, 
Romanian bankruptcy and enforcement laws and practice may make it comparatively more difficult and 
time-consuming for the Issuer to recover amounts in respect of its secured and unsecured claims before 
the Romanian courts. Considering that a significant part of the Issuer's assets are due from debtors and/or 
secured by assets that are or are likely to be subject to Romanian bankruptcy and enforcement laws in the 
future. This could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations, 
liquidity or prospects and its ability to make payment under the Notes. 
Inability to obtain effective legal remedies in a reasonably timely manner may adversely affect the Issuer's 
business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or prospects. 
The Issuer is obliged to contribute to the Single Resolution Fund ("SRF") and to the deposit guarantee 
fund. 
In accordance with the provisions of the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act, along with Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/63, credit institutions (including the Issuer) are obliged to pay annual 
regular contributions to the bank resolution fund, the level being established by the local resolution 
authority, namely the NBR for the Issuer. The SRF was gradually built up during the initial period of 
eight years (2016 – 2023) and, according to the NBR, the target level of at least 1% of the amount of 
covered deposits of all credit institutions (including the Issuer) authorised in Romania might be reached 
by 31 December 2024. The DGSD has been implemented locally through the Romanian Act no. 311/2015 
on deposit guarantee schemes and the guarantee fund for banking deposits (Legea nr. 311/2015 privind 
schemele de garantare a depozitelor si Fondul de garantare a depozitelor bancare). Such legislation 
stipulates a target level of the ex-ante financed deposit guarantee fund of 0.8% of covered deposits to be

--- Page 27 ---
Page 27 
collected from credit institutions (including the Issuer). If required, the Issuer may also be obliged to 
make further (ex ante) contributions or certain extraordinary (ex post) contributions to the SRF and the 
deposit guarantee fund, as well as to pay a temporary special tax, if so requested by the deposit guarantee 
scheme and approved by NBR. 
The Issuer's obligation to make such contributions may result in additional financial burden for the Issuer 
and may have a negative impact on its financial position and results of operation. 
Handling customer personal data represents a significant part of the Issuer's daily activity, and a 
leakage of such data might violate the applicable laws and regulations. 
The Issuer accumulates, stores and uses in its operations data which are protected by data protection laws. 
Although the Issuer takes precautions to protect customer data in accordance with the applicable privacy 
requirements, it is possible that there may be data leakages in the future. In addition, the Issuer works 
with service providers or third-parties commercial partners, which may not fully comply with the relevant 
contractual terms and all data protection obligations imposed on them. 
The financial services sector has become increasingly digitalised, automated and online based in 
recent years, increasing the Issuer's exposure to risks of unauthorised or unintended data release through 
hacking and general information technology system failures. Unanticipated information technology 
problems, system failures, computer viruses, intentional/unintentional misuses, hacker attacks or 
unauthorised access to the Issuer's network or other failures could result in a failure to maintain and 
protect customer data in accordance with applicable regulations and requirements and could affect the 
quality of the Issuer's services, compromise the confidentiality of its customer data or cause service 
interruptions, and may result in the imposition of fines and other penalties. Also, starting with the 
application of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 on 25 May 2018, the Issuer is 
subject to extensive data processing requirements, the breach of which may entail several types of 
sanctions, including fines of up to EUR 20 million or up to 4% of the overall turnover (whichever is the 
greater); in addition, if they have suffered damage, the persons concerned may obtain compensation to 
cover the amount of such damage and their rights may also be represented by collective bodies. 
Therefore, should any violations of data protection laws be identified to have been committed by the 
Issuer, they may result in fines, claims for damages, prosecution of relevant employees and managers, 
reputational damage and loss of customers and may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
prospects, results of operation and financial condition. 
The legal and judicial system in Romania is less familiar with investments in securities, such as the 
Notes, than other European countries, which makes an investment in the Notes riskier than 
investments in securities of an issuer that operates in a more developed legal and judicial system. 
The legal and judicial system in Romania is less familiar with investments in securities such as the Notes 
than those of other European countries. Commercial law, competition law, securities law, company law, 
bankruptcy law and other areas of law are relatively new as such to the local judiciary system. At the 
same time, such legal provisions have been and continue to be subject to constant changes as new laws 
are being adopted due to the transition to a market economy and due to EU legislation. Existing laws and 
regulations may be applied inconsistently in Romania or may be interpreted in an unexpected manner. 
Further, a degree of uncertainty exists that legal remedies can be obtained in a timely manner in Romania. 
The relatively limited experience of a significant number of the competent governmental authorities, 
specifically with regard to capital markets issues and the existence of a number of issues relating to the 
independence of the judiciary system may lead to ungrounded decisions or to decisions based on 
considerations that are not grounded in the law. 
In addition, the processing of legal remedies may at times involve extensive delays. The court system in 
Romania is insufficiently funded relative to other European countries. The enforcement of judgments 
may also prove difficult and be subject to delays, especially where such judgments may lead to closure 
of businesses or job losses. This lack of legal certainty and the inability to obtain effective legal remedies 
in a timely manner may adversely affect the Issuer's business and may also make it difficult for investors 
in the Notes to enforce their claims against the Issuer.

--- Page 28 ---
Page 28 
1.4 
Other material risks 
The Issuer's major shareholder is able to control shareholder actions. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the majority of voting rights in the Issuer is held by Raiffeisen SEE 
Region Holding GmbH (with a stake of 99.95% of the shares). Raiffeisen SEE Region Holding GmbH is 
indirectly held by Raiffeisen Bank International AG. Hence, Raiffeisen Bank International AG exercises 
direct control over the Issuer through the majority of voting rights and, implicitly, through the right to 
appoint most of the members in the Issuer's supervisory board. 
As a result, Raiffeisen Bank International AG is able to control the outcome of most decisions requiring 
shareholder approval. Therefore, it is possible that Raiffeisen Bank International AG may exercise or be 
expected to exercise control over the Issuer in ways that may not be in the interest of other shareholders 
and which may also affect the Issuer. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
2.1 
Risks relating to the regulatory classification of the Notes 
Particular risks relating to the Ordinary Senior Notes 
Holders of the Ordinary Senior Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The relevant resolution authorities are provided with uniform and effective resolution tools and resolution 
powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority 
pursuant to Article 4(1)(130) CRR which is responsible for recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an 
individual and/or consolidated basis (the "Resolution Authority") shall exercise the write-down and 
conversion powers according to the reverse order of priority of claims in insolvency proceedings 
(faliment) in the following sequence (also called "loss absorbing cascade"): (i) Common Equity Tier 1 
("CET 1") items; (ii) Additional Tier 1 ("AT 1") instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments (such as the 
Subordinated Notes); (iv) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims 
resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of Article 2341 of Law no. 85/2014, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (the "Romanian Insolvency Act") (such as the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible 
Notes); and (vi) the rest of bail-inable liabilities (such as the Ordinary Senior Notes and the Ordinary 
Senior Eligible Notes) in accordance with the order of the payment of claims in bankruptcy proceedings, 
including the ranking provided for in Article 234 of the Romanian Insolvency Act, to the extent required. 
If the bail-in tool is applied to the Issuer, the principal amount of the Ordinary Senior Notes may be fully 
or partially written down or converted into instruments of ownership. Accordingly, the actual or 
anticipated exercise of any of these resolution actions in relation to the Issuer or any Ordinary Senior 
Notes could materially adversely affect the value of any Ordinary Senior Notes and could lead to Holders 
losing some or all of the value of their investment in the Ordinary Senior Notes. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, certain deposits and other claims have a higher ranking than 
claims resulting from the Ordinary Senior Notes. 
According to Article 234 of the Romanian Insolvency Act, in bankruptcy proceedings (faliment) opened 
over the Issuer's assets, the following insolvency hierarchy applies to deposits and senior unsecured 
claims: 
(a) 
(i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the rights and obligations 
of covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
(i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises which exceeds the coverage level provided for in the legislation regarding deposit 
guarantee schemes; and (ii) deposits that would be eligible deposits from natural persons, micro, 
small and medium-sized enterprises if they had not been made through branches (located outside 
the EU) of institutions established within the EU; 
(c) 
ordinary unsecured claims (such as any claims resulting from the Ordinary Senior Notes); and

--- Page 29 ---
Page 29 
(d) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of Article 2341 of the 
Romanian Insolvency Act (so-called "non-preferred senior debt instruments"), i.e. debt 
instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the original contractual maturity of the debt 
instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and 
are not derivatives themselves; (iii) the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, 
the prospectus related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking towards the ordinary 
unsecured claims under Article 234 paragraphs 1 to 7 of the Romanian Insolvency Act. 
In addition, the insolvency hierarchy under the Romanian Insolvency Act stipulates further claims that 
rank senior to claims listed above at point (c) (e.g. claims to stamp duties and stamp taxes, fees, costs and 
expenses regarding the bankruptcy proceedings, budgetary claims and certain claims of NBR, 
employment claims) ("Further Preferred Claims"). Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings 
(faliment) opened in relation to the Issuer, claims resulting from the Ordinary Senior Notes are junior to 
(i) the Further Preferred Claims (to the extent applicable) and (ii) the claims listed in points (a) and (b). 
For this reason, any payments on claims resulting from the Ordinary Senior Notes would only be made, 
if and to the extent any senior ranking claims have been fully satisfied. 
In addition, the ranking of Ordinary Senior Notes in a bankruptcy proceeding (faliment) of the Issuer is 
also expected to impact on the losses imposed on Holders if resolution powers are exercised in respect of 
the Issuer, as such resolution powers are required to be applied in a manner that respects the hierarchy of 
capital instruments under CRD IV and otherwise respects the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary 
insolvency. See also "Holders of the Ordinary Senior Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss 
absorption" above. 
Holders of the Ordinary Senior Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue further debt 
instruments or incur further liabilities. 
There may be no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of debt or other liabilities that the 
Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, ranking pari passu with the Ordinary Senior 
Notes. 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring such liabilities may reduce the amount recoverable 
by Holders of the Notes upon the Issuer's insolvency (faliment). 
The Ordinary Senior Notes may be redeemed early, where provided in the Final Terms, on specified 
call redemption dates or for reasons of taxation. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer will have the right to call the Ordinary Senior 
Notes prior to maturity on specified call redemption date(s), whether the Issuer does not have the right to 
call such Notes at all or whether such Notes will be subject to early redemption upon the occurrence of 
an event indicated in the applicable Final Terms (early redemption event). In addition, if such right is 
provided in the Final Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to 
pay additional amounts on the Notes for reasons of taxation. 
If the Notes are redeemed early, a Holder of such Note is exposed to the risk that due to early redemption 
the investment may have a lower yield than expected. Holders may be subject to the risk that 
interest/redemption proceeds earned/received from an investment in the Notes may not in the event of 
early redemption of any Notes be able to be reinvested in such a way that they earn the same rate of return 
as the redeemed Notes. 
Particular risks relating to the Subordinated Notes 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The relevant resolution authorities are provided with uniform and effective resolution tools and resolution 
powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the Resolution Authority shall 
exercise the write-down and conversion powers according to the reverse order of priority of claims in 
insolvency proceedings (faliment) in the following sequence (also called "loss absorbing cascade"): 
(i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes); 
(iv) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims resulting from debt

--- Page 30 ---
Page 30 
instruments within the meaning of Article 2341 of the Romanian Insolvency Act (such as the Non-
Preferred Senior Eligible Notes); and (vi) the rest of bail-inable liabilities (such as the Ordinary Senior 
Notes, the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes) in accordance with the order of the payment of claims in 
bankruptcy proceedings, including the ranking provided for in Article 234 of the Romanian Insolvency 
Act, to the extent required. 
Furthermore, where the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution and the Resolution Authority decides 
to apply a resolution tool to the Issuer, the Resolution Authority shall exercise the write down or 
conversion power in relation to the relevant capital instruments (i.e. CET 1, AT 1 and Tier 2 instruments) 
before applying any resolution tool. 
If the power of write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments or the bail-in tool is applied to 
the Issuer, the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes may be fully or partially written down or 
converted into instruments of ownership, although claims of other creditors of the Issuer might not be 
affected. Accordingly, the actual or anticipated exercise of any of these resolution actions in relation to 
the Issuer or any Subordinated Notes could materially adversely affect the value of any Subordinated 
Notes and could lead to Holders losing some or all of the value of their investment in the Subordinated 
Notes. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, deposits and senior unsecured claims have a higher ranking 
than claims resulting from the Subordinated Notes. 
According to Article 234 of the Romanian Insolvency Act, in bankruptcy proceedings (faliment) opened 
over the Issuer's assets, the following insolvency hierarchy applies to deposits and senior unsecured 
claims: 
(a) 
(i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the rights and obligations 
of covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
(i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises which exceeds the coverage level provided for in the legislation regarding deposit 
guarantee schemes; and (ii) deposits that would be eligible deposits from natural persons, micro, 
small and medium-sized enterprises if they had not been made through branches (located outside 
the EU) of institutions established within the EU; 
(c) 
ordinary unsecured claims; and 
(d) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of Article 2341 of the 
Romanian Insolvency Act (so-called "non-preferred senior debt instruments"), i.e. debt 
instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the original contractual maturity of the debt 
instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and 
are not derivatives themselves; (iii) the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, 
the prospectus related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking towards the ordinary 
unsecured claims under Article 234 paragraphs 1 to 7 of the Romanian Insolvency Act. 
In addition, the insolvency hierarchy under the Romanian Insolvency Act stipulates further claims that 
rank senior to claims listed above at point (c) (e.g. claims to stamp duties and stamp taxes, fees, costs and 
expenses regarding the bankruptcy proceedings, budgetary claims, certain claims of NBR, certain 
employment claims) ("Further Preferred Claims"). 
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings (faliment) opened in relation to the Issuer, claims resulting 
from the Subordinated Notes are junior to (i) the Further Preferred Claims (as applicable) and (ii) the 
claims listed in points (a) to (d). For this reason, any payments on claims resulting from the Subordinated 
Notes would only be made, if and to the extent any senior ranking claims have been fully satisfied. 
Moreover, pursuant to the Romanian implementation of Article 48(7) of BRRD (introduced by BRRD 2) 
through Article 2342 of the Romanian Insolvency Act, all claims resulting from own funds items of 
relevant institutions (such as the Issuer) are to rank lower than any claim that does not result from an own 
funds item. Therefore, the implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD (as amended by BRRD 2) in 
Romania may affect the amount of recovery (if any) a Holder of Subordinated Notes may expect to 
receive in a normal bankruptcy proceedings (faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) of the Issuer. Although 
the precise scope of this implementation has not yet been tested in the Romanian courts and its impact

--- Page 31 ---
Page 31 
remains unclear, it is expected that, in certain circumstances, it may have an impact on the effective 
ranking of own funds instruments, such as the Subordinated Notes. For example, if any own funds 
instruments issued by the Issuer, such as AT 1 instruments or Tier 2 instruments (including any 
Subordinated Notes), cease in full to be eligible to qualify as own funds instruments of the Issuer, such 
disqualified instruments are likely to be adjusted so as to rank ahead of any instruments which continue 
to qualify as own funds in whole or in part (such as any Subordinated Notes, as the case may be). In such 
circumstances, if the Issuer is bankrupt or liquidated, the claims of Holders of Subordinated Notes which 
qualify (in whole or in part) as Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer may be subordinated to claims of holders 
of such disqualified instruments (if any), and accordingly any recovery of amounts in respect of such 
qualifying Subordinated Notes in a normal insolvency proceeding (bankruptcy proceedings) (faliment) 
or liquidation (lichidare) of the Issuer may be adversely affected. 
In addition, the ranking of Subordinated Notes in a bankruptcy proceeding (faliment) of the Issuer is also 
expected to impact on the losses imposed on Holders if resolution powers are exercised in respect of the 
Issuer, as such resolution powers are required to be applied in a manner that respects the hierarchy of 
capital instruments under CRD IV and otherwise respects the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary 
insolvency. See also "Holders of the Subordinated Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss 
absorption" above. 
The Subordinated Notes do not give the right to accelerate future payments and are not subject to set-
off or any guarantee. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes do not provide for any events of default and Holders 
of the Subordinated Notes do not have the right to accelerate any future scheduled payment of interest or 
principal. 
Furthermore, the Subordinated Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would 
undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution and are neither secured nor subject to a guarantee 
or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Subordinated Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the Holders. 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes will have no rights to call for the early redemption of their 
Subordinated Notes. 
Therefore, prospective investors should not invest in the Subordinated Notes in the expectation that they 
have an early redemption right. Furthermore, Holders of the Subordinated Notes should be aware that 
they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Subordinated Notes until their 
final maturity. 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue further debt 
instruments or incur further liabilities. 
There may be no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of (ordinary unsecured or 
subordinated) debt or other liabilities that the Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, 
ranking pari passu with or senior to the Subordinated Notes. 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring such liabilities may reduce the amount recoverable 
by Holders of the Subordinated Notes upon the Issuer's insolvency. 
Where provided in the Final Terms, the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at any time for reasons 
of taxation, regulatory reasons or on specified call redemption dates. 
If such right is provided in the Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes early before 
their stated maturity (even before five years after the date of their issuance), at any time for reasons of 
taxation. 
Similarly, if such right is provided in the Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes 
early before their stated maturity (even before five years after the date of their issuance), at any time for 
regulatory reasons.

--- Page 32 ---
Page 32 
In addition, if such right is provided in the Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes 
before their stated maturity, but not before five years after the date of their issuance, on specified call 
redemption date(s). 
An early redemption feature is likely to limit the market price of the Subordinated Notes. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market price of the Subordinated 
Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may 
be true prior to any redemption period. Furthermore, during periods of perceived increased likelihood 
that the Subordinated Notes would be redeemed early, the market price of the Subordinated Notes may 
be adversely affected. 
Any decision by the Issuer as to whether it will exercise its option to redeem the Subordinated Notes will 
be made at the absolute discretion of the Issuer taking into account factors such as, but not limited to, the 
economic impact of exercising such option to redeem the Subordinated Notes, any tax consequences, the 
regulatory requirements and the prevailing market conditions. Holders should be aware that they may be 
required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Subordinated Notes until maturity. 
Any rights of the Issuer to redeem early or repurchase the Subordinated Notes are subject to the prior 
permission of the competent authority. 
Prospective investors should not invest in the Subordinated Notes in the expectation that any early 
redemption right will be exercised by the Issuer. 
Any early redemption and any repurchase of the Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior permission of 
the NBR as the competent authority. Under the CRR, the competent authority may only permit institutions 
to redeem early or repurchase Tier 2 instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) if certain conditions 
prescribed by the CRR are complied with. These conditions, as well as a number of other technical rules 
and standards relating to regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer, should be taken into 
account by the competent authority in its assessment of whether or not to permit any early redemption or 
repurchase. It is uncertain how the competent authority will apply these criteria in practice and such rules 
and standards may change during the maturity of the Subordinated Notes. It is therefore difficult to predict 
whether, and if so, on what terms, the competent authority will grant its prior permission for any early 
redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer is granted the prior permission of the competent authority, any decision 
by the Issuer as to whether it will redeem the Subordinated Notes early will be made at the sole discretion 
of the Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact of exercising an 
early redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions). The Issuer 
disclaims, and investors should therefore not expect (and not invest in the expectation), that the Issuer 
will exercise any early redemption right in relation to the Subordinated Notes. 
Market making by the Issuer for the Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior permission of the 
competent authority and certain conditions and thresholds. 
The Subordinated Notes may be repurchased by the Issuer (also for market making purposes) only subject 
to certain conditions, such as the prior permission of the NBR as the competent authority, and within 
certain thresholds. 
These conditions and thresholds restrict the Issuer's possibility for market making for the Subordinated 
Notes. Such restrictions may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Subordinated Notes and may 
lead to inadequate or delayed market prices for the Subordinated Notes. 
Holders agree to be bound by the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority 
In recognition of the resolution powers granted by law to the Resolution Authority (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions), by acquiring the Subordinated Notes, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that 
the Amounts Due (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) arising under the Subordinated Notes may be 
subject to the exercise of the Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents and agrees to be bound by the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in Powers, that may result in 
(i) the reduction, in full or a portion, of the Amounts Due in respect of the Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Subordinated Notes into shares or other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person and the issue to, or conferral on, it of such

--- Page 33 ---
Page 33 
shares, securities or obligations; (iii) the cancellation of the Subordinated Notes; or (iv) amendment or 
alteration of the maturity of the Subordinated Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on 
the Subordinated Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment 
for a temporary period. Each Holder further acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by 
the variation of the terms of the Subordinated Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority. 
Particular risks relating to the Eligible Notes 
Holders of the Eligible Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The relevant resolution authorities are provided with uniform and effective resolution tools and resolution 
powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the Resolution Authority shall 
exercise the write-down and conversion powers according to the reverse order of priority of claims in 
insolvency proceedings (faliment) in the following sequence (also called "loss absorbing cascade"): 
(i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes); 
(iv) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims resulting from debt 
instruments within the meaning of Article 2341 of the Romanian Insolvency Act (so-called "non-preferred 
senior debt instruments", such as the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes); and (vi) the rest of bail-inable 
liabilities (such as the Ordinary Senior Notes and the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes) in accordance with 
the order of the payment of claims in bankruptcy proceedings, including the ranking provided for in 
Article 234 of the Romanian Insolvency Act, to the extent required. 
If the bail-in tool is applied to the Issuer, the principal amount of the Eligible Notes may be fully or 
partially written down or converted into instruments of ownership, although claims of other creditors of 
the Issuer might not be affected. Accordingly, the actual or anticipated exercise of any of these resolution 
actions in relation to the Issuer or any Eligible Notes could materially adversely affect the value of any 
Eligible Notes and could lead to Holders losing some or all of the value of their investment in the Eligible 
Notes. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, certain deposits and potentially also other senior unsecured 
claims have a higher ranking than claims resulting from the Eligible Notes. 
According to Article 234 of the Romanian Insolvency Law, in bankruptcy proceedings (faliment) opened 
over the Issuer's assets, the following insolvency hierarchy applies to deposits and senior unsecured 
claims: 
(a) 
(i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the rights and obligations 
of covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
(i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises which exceeds the coverage level provided for in the legislation regarding deposit 
guarantee schemes; and (ii) deposits that would be eligible deposits from natural persons, micro, 
small and medium-sized enterprises if they had not been made through branches (located outside 
the EU) of institutions established within the EU; 
(c) 
ordinary unsecured claims (such any claims resulting from the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes); 
and 
(d) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of Article 2341 of the 
Romanian Insolvency Act (so-called "non-preferred senior debt instruments", such as the Non-
Preferred Senior Eligible Notes), i.e. debt instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the 
original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt 
instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; (iii) the 
relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance 
explicitly refer to the lower ranking towards the ordinary unsecured claims under Article 234 
paragraphs 1 to 7 of the Romanian Insolvency Act. 
In addition, the insolvency hierarchy under the Romanian Insolvency Act stipulates further claims that 
rank senior to claims listed above at point (c) (e.g. claims to stamp duties and stamp taxes, fees, costs and

--- Page 34 ---
Page 34 
expenses regarding the bankruptcy proceedings, budgetary claims, certain claims of NBR, certain 
employment claims) ("Further Preferred Claims"). 
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings (faliment) opened in relation to the Issuer, claims resulting 
from the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes are junior to (i) the Further Preferred Claims (as applicable) and 
(ii) the claims listed in points (a) and (b); and claims resulting from the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible 
Notes are junior to (i) the Further Preferred Claims (as applicable) and (ii) the claims listed in points (a) 
to (c). For this reason, any payments on claims resulting from the Eligible Notes would only be made, if 
and to the extent any senior ranking claims have been fully satisfied. 
In addition, the ranking of Eligible Notes in a bankruptcy proceeding (faliment) of the Issuer is also 
expected to impact on the losses imposed on Holders if resolution powers are exercised in respect of the 
Issuer, as such resolution powers are required to be applied in a manner that respects the hierarchy of 
capital instruments under CRD IV and otherwise respects the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary 
insolvency. See also "Holders of the Eligible Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption" 
above. 
The Eligible Notes do not give the right to accelerate future payments, and are not subject to set-off or 
any guarantee. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Eligible Notes do not provide for any events of default and the Holders 
of the Eligible Notes do not have the right to accelerate any future scheduled payment of interest or 
principal. 
Furthermore, the Eligible Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would 
undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution and are neither secured nor subject to a guarantee 
or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Eligible Notes. 
The Eligible Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the Holders. 
Holders of Eligible Notes will have no rights to call for the early redemption of their Eligible Notes. 
Therefore, prospective investors should not invest in the Eligible Notes in the expectation that they have 
an early redemption right. 
Holders of the Eligible Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue further debt instruments 
or incur further liabilities. 
There may be no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of ordinary unsecured or 
subordinated debt or other liabilities that the Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, 
ranking pari passu with or senior to the Eligible Notes. 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring such liabilities may reduce the amount recoverable 
by Holders of the Eligible Notes upon the Issuer's insolvency. 
Where provided in the Final Terms, the Eligible Notes may be redeemed at any time for reasons of 
taxation or regulatory reasons or otherwise on specified call redemption dates. 
If such right is provided in the Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Eligible Notes early before their 
stated maturity, at any time for reasons of taxation. 
Similarly, if such right is provided in the Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Eligible Notes early 
before their stated maturity, at any time for regulatory reasons. 
In addition, if such right is provided in the Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Eligible Notes before 
their stated maturity on specified call redemption date(s). 
An early redemption feature is likely to limit the market price of the Eligible Notes. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Eligible Notes, the market price of the Eligible Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to 
any redemption period. Furthermore, during periods of perceived increased likelihood that the Eligible 
Notes would be redeemed early, the market price of the Notes may be adversely affected.

--- Page 35 ---
Page 35 
Any decision by the Issuer as to whether it will exercise its option to redeem the Eligible Notes will be 
made at the absolute discretion of the Issuer taking into account factors such as, but not limited to, the 
economic impact of exercising such option to redeem the Eligible Notes, any tax consequences, the 
regulatory requirements and the prevailing market conditions. Holders should be aware that they may be 
required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Eligible Notes until maturity. 
Any rights of the Issuer to redeem early or repurchase the Eligible Notes are subject to the prior 
permission of the Resolution Authority. 
Prospective investors should not invest in the Eligible Notes in the expectation that any early redemption 
right will be exercised by the Issuer. 
Any early redemption and any repurchase of the Eligible Notes is subject to the prior permission of the 
Resolution Authority, all if and as applicable from time to time to the Issuer. Under the CRR, the 
Resolution Authority may only permit institutions to redeem early or repurchase eligible liabilities 
instruments (such as the Eligible Notes) if certain conditions prescribed by the CRR are complied with. 
These conditions, as well as a number of other technical rules and standards relating to regulatory capital 
requirements applicable to the Issuer, should be taken into account by the Resolution Authority in its 
assessment of whether or not to permit any early redemption or repurchase. It is uncertain how the 
Resolution Authority will apply these criteria in practice and such rules and standards may change during 
the maturity of the Eligible Notes. It is therefore difficult to predict whether, and if so, on what terms, the 
Resolution Authority will grant its prior permission for any early redemption or repurchase of the Eligible 
Notes. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer is granted the prior permission of the Resolution Authority, any decision 
by the Issuer as to whether it will redeem the Eligible Notes early will be made at the sole discretion of 
the Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact of exercising an early 
redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions). The Issuer 
disclaims, and investors should therefore not expect (and not invest in the expectation), that the Issuer 
will exercise any early redemption right in relation to the Eligible Notes. 
Market making by the Issuer for the Eligible Notes is subject to the prior permission of the Resolution 
Authority and certain conditions and thresholds. 
The Eligible Notes may be repurchased by the Issuer (also for market making purposes) only subject to 
certain conditions, such as the prior permission of the Resolution Authority, and within certain thresholds. 
These conditions and thresholds restrict the Issuer's possibility for market making for the Eligible Notes. 
Such restrictions may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Eligible Notes and may lead to 
inadequate or delayed market prices for the Eligible Notes. 
Holders agree to be bound by the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority 
In recognition of the resolution powers granted by law to the Resolution Authority (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions), by acquiring the Eligible Notes, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that the 
Amounts Due (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) arising under the Eligible Notes may be subject 
to the exercise of the Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents 
and agrees to be bound by the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in Powers, that may result in (i) the 
reduction, in full or a portion, of the Amounts Due in respect of the Eligible Notes; (ii) the conversion of 
all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Eligible Notes into shares or other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person and the issue to, or conferral on, it of such shares, securities or 
obligations; (iii) the cancellation of the Eligible Notes; or (iv) amendment or alteration of the maturity of 
the Eligible Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Eligible Notes, or the date on 
which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. Each Holder 
further acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by the variation of the terms of the 
Eligible Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution 
Authority.

--- Page 36 ---
Page 36 
2.2 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes 
Liquidity risk. 
Application for the Programme has been made in order for any Notes to be issued under the Programme 
to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to be traded on the Regulated Market 
"Bourse de Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and application may be made to admit the 
Notes on the Regulated Market of the Bucharest Stock Exchange or on any other stock exchange. Notably, 
the Programme provides that Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or 
not, there can be no assurance that any liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop. Further, the 
Notes could trade at prices that may be higher or lower than the initial offering price depending on many 
factors, including prevailing interest rates, the Issuer's operating results, the market for similar securities 
and other factors, including general economic conditions, performance and prospects, as well as 
recommendations of securities analysts. The liquidity of, and the trading market for, the Notes may also 
be adversely affected by declines in the market for debt securities generally. Such a decline may affect 
any liquidity and trading of the Notes independent of the Issuer's financial performance and prospects. 
The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted 
Notes. If the Notes are not listed on any stock exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, 
however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid 
market, an investor might not be able to sell its Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to 
sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. Further, the listing of any 
Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or the Regulated Market "Bourse de 
Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Regulated Market of the Bucharest Stock 
Exchange or any other stock exchange may, dependent on the circumstances of an individual case be 
suspended or discontinued. 
Investors should note that difficult global credit market conditions may adversely affect the liquidity not 
only in the primary market but also in the secondary market for debt securities issued by the Issuer and 
may affect the liquidity of any primary or secondary market in which Notes to be issued by the Issuer 
may be traded. The Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will change. 
Market price risk. 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of levels of 
the current market interest rate on the capital market for issues of the same maturity ("Market Interest 
Rate"), the development of an underlying, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, 
inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. Holders are therefore exposed 
to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of their Notes which materialises if the 
Holder sells the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If the Holder decides to hold the Notes 
until final maturity the Notes shall be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Holders of Fixed Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a 
result of changes in the Market Interest Rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate 
on the capital market typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price 
of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the 
price of Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market 
Interest Rate of comparable issues. If the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically 
increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate of comparable 
issues. If Holders of Fixed Rate Notes hold such Notes until maturity, changes in the Market Interest Rate 
are without relevance to such Holders as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, 
usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
Holders of Floating Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability 
of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate 
should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any 
Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
Page 37 
Holders of Zero Coupon Notes are exposed to the risk that the price of the Notes falls as a result of 
changes in the Market Interest Rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Notes are more volatile than prices of Fixed 
Rate Notes and are likely to respond to a greater degree to Market Interest Rate changes than interest 
bearing Notes with a similar maturity. 
Currency risk. 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency 
exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from 
various factors such as macroeconomic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central 
banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the local currency of the Holder, for example, will 
result in a corresponding change in the local currency value of Notes denominated in a currency other 
than the local currency and a corresponding change in the local currency value of interest and principal 
payments made in a currency other than in the local currency in accordance with the terms of such Notes. 
If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the local currency correspondingly rises, the price 
of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed in the local 
currency fall. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
2.3 
Risks relating to the specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Fixed to Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. 
Fixed to Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes bear 
interest at a rate that converts from one fixed rate to more fixed rate(s) or from one or more fixed rate(s) 
to a floating rate. Such conversion may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes. 
The spread on the Fixed to Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Fixed or Floating Rate 
Notes relating to the same reference rate. In addition, the new fixed or floating rate at any time may be 
lower than the interest rates payable on other Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes do not pay interest periodically. Instead, the difference between the redemption price 
and the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity. A holder of Zero Coupon Notes is exposed 
to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes in the Market Interest Rate. Prices of 
Zero Coupon Notes are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate Notes and are likely to respond to a greater 
degree to Market Interest Rate changes than interest bearing Notes with a similar maturity. 
The interest payments on the Notes may not be made free and clear of Romanian withholding tax. 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer will withhold or deduct for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by Romania or any political subdivision or any authority thereof having power to tax, if such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. 
Under Romanian tax law, the Issuer is required to withhold tax on gross interest payable under the Notes 
to the following categories of Holders: 
• 
10% to individuals tax resident in Romania; 
• 
16% to legal entities not tax resident in Romania; and 
• 
10% to individuals not tax resident in Romania, who are resident in the European Union or a 
jurisdiction with which Romania has concluded a treaty for avoidance of double taxation and 16% 
if otherwise

--- Page 38 ---
Page 38 
(without prejudice to the applicability of any treaties for avoidance of double taxation in force between 
Romania and the jurisdiction of tax residency of a Holder or of Council Directive 2003/49/EC of 
3 June 2003 on a common system of taxation applicable to interest and royalty payments made between 
associated companies of different EU member states, subject to the conditions set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes). 
At the date of approval of this Prospectus, interest on notes/debt securities issued by Romanian companies 
is tax exempt if notes/debt securities are issued under a prospectus approved by a competent regulatory 
authority and the interest is paid to a holder who is non tax resident in Romania and who is not an affiliated 
person to the Issuer of the notes/debt securities. Tax law and practice are subject to change. If the 
aforementioned tax exemption is repealed, there is a risk that relevant Holders receive less interest on the 
Notes than expected due to the application of a withholding tax on interest under notes/debt securities. 
In this regard, the Terms and Conditions provide, that the Issuer will determine the applicability of the 
withholding or deduction required by Romanian law based on information received from the Holders 
through the relevant ICSD(s) and/or intermediaries and custodians via the Fiscal Agent as to the identity 
and residency for tax purposes of Holders. If the Issuer is not provided with such information and thus 
cannot ascertain the legal form and tax residency of a Holder, the Issuer will deduct the highest of the 
above rates on gross interest payable under the Notes. As the Terms and Conditions of the Notes specify 
that no withholding tax gross-up will be made by the Issuer, the Issuer is not obliged to gross up any tax 
withheld as regards payments due under the Notes. 
The Issuer will not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, or 
enforcement of any Notes and all payments made by the Issuer will be made subject to any such tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
2.4 
Other related risks 
Risks associated with the reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate 'benchmarks'. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") have 
become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a Benchmark. 
International regulatory guidance and proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the Benchmarks 
Regulation which is fully applicable since 1 January 2018. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including in 
any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorisation 
or is registered and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the 
administrator's legal benchmark system is considered equivalent (Article 30 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation), the administrator is recognised (Article 32 of the Benchmarks Regulation) or the 
Benchmark is endorsed (Article 33 of the Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to applicable 
transitional provisions). If this is not the case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks could be 
impacted, and might have to be delisted, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise 
impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could 
impact the Notes, including Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion.

--- Page 39 ---
Page 39 
On 3 July 2019, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority authorised EMMI as the 
administrator for the EURIBOR. This authorisation as an administrator confirms, that the requirements 
contained in the Benchmarks Regulation regarding the new hybrid methodology for determining the 
EURIBOR have been met.  
The EURIBOR hybrid methodology complements the former quote-based determination by a 
methodology based on, whenever possible, actual transactions. In November 2019, EMMI confirmed that 
all panel banks successfully have implemented the new hybrid EURIBOR methodology. The new hybrid 
calculation of EURIBOR has already been adapted to the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
However, EURIBOR is also subject to constant review and revision. It is currently not foreseeable 
whether EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and beyond 2025. The ECB is currently consulting 
regarding a EUR-STR-based fallback for EURIBOR.  
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating Rate 
Notes which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back 
provisions applicable to such Notes. Such Discontinuation Event as set out in the Terms and Conditions 
could lead, inter alia, to the replacement of the Benchmark by another reference rate determined as the 
successor rate by any applicable law or regulation or administrator or authority, or, to the determination 
of a comparable successor reference rate by an independent adviser in its reasonable discretion, or, to the 
determination of the applicable interest rate on the basis of another benchmark determined by the Issuer 
in its reasonable discretion or to an early termination of the relevant Notes at the option of the Issuer. 
Finally, under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission was also granted 
powers to designate a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the 
laws of an EU member state (such as the Notes), where that contract does not already contain a suitable 
fallback. There can be no assurance, that the fallback provisions of the Notes would be considered 
suitable. Accordingly, there is a risk that any Notes linked or referencing a Benchmark would be 
transitioned to a replacement Benchmark selected by the European Commission. There is no certainty at 
this stage what any such replacement Benchmark would be. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes 
and/or any further changes in the administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an 
effect on the value of any Notes linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that any 
changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amounts payable on, Floating Rate Notes whose rate of interest is linked to such Benchmark. 
Notwithstanding any provision of § 1 of the Terms and Conditions, no successor reference interest rate, 
successor quotation rate and/or successor reference rate (each as determined in accordance with § 1 of 
the Terms and Conditions) will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of 
any Series of Notes be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes as 
Tier 2 capital or the relevant Series of Senior Eligible Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes as 
Eligible Liabilities Instruments.  
Additionally, in the case of Senior Eligible Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes, no successor 
reference interest rate, successor quotation rate and/or successor reference rate (each as determined in 
accordance with § 1 of the Terms and Conditions) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms 
and conditions of any Series of Instruments will be made pursuant to § 1 of the Terms and Conditions, if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result 
in the Resolution Authority treating an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date of such Notes. 
The application of the fallback provisions, in cases where the relevant Benchmark is no longer available, 
could result in the same interest rate being applied to such Notes until their maturity, effectively turning 
such Floating Rate Notes into Notes with a fixed rate of interest.

--- Page 40 ---
Page 40 
Risks associated with new reference rates such as €STR. 
Interest rates of floating rate Notes may be linked to, inter alia, €STR (the "Alternative Reference 
Rate"). 
The Governing Council of the ECB has decided to develop a euro short-term rate ("€STR") based on data 
already available to the Eurosystem. €STR reflects the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing 
costs of euro area banks, complements existing benchmark rates provided by the private sector and was 
first published on 2 October 2019. Given that it cannot be excluded that further changes will be 
implemented and, in particular, that there is no historical data or trends that investors could rely on and 
that the transition from existing reference rates to €STR could result in further uncertainties and 
limitations. Investors in the Notes should consider all these factors when making their investment decision 
with respect to any such Notes. 
Since €STR is a relatively new market index, the Notes may have no established trading market when 
issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for 
debt securities indexed to such €STR, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt securities may be lower than those of 
later issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if €STR does not prove to be widely used in 
securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt securities linked 
to indices that are more widely used. Investors in Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may 
not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that €STR will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the Notes. If 
the manner in which €STR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate in 
the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative and replacement for U.S. Dollar LIBOR, which was 
discontinued on 30 June 2023. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are 
exploring alternative reference rates based on SOFR, including term SOFR reference rates (which seek 
to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SOFR rate over a designated term). The 
continued development of SOFR rates as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as 
continued development of SOFR based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting 
such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of the Notes. 
The use of SOFR as a reference rate for the Notes continues to develop both in terms of the substance of 
the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading 
of bonds referencing SOFR. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR 
methodologies have been used in SOFR linked notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that 
any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future 
issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR reference rates in the 
Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other 
markets, such as the derivatives or SOFR and loan markets. Holders should carefully consider how any 
mismatch between the adoption of SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging 
or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding 
or disposal of Notes referencing SOFR. 
SOFR differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects and has a limited history. 
The composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of U.S. Dollar LIBOR. SOFR is 
a broad treasury repurchase financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions and is

--- Page 41 ---
Page 41 
not the economic equivalent U.S. Dollar LIBOR. While SOFR is a secured rate, U.S. Dollar LIBOR was 
an unsecured rate. And, while SOFR is currently only an overnight rate, U.S. dollar LIBOR was a 
forward-looking rate that represented interbank funding for a specified term. 
Publication of SOFR in its current form began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The 
future performance of SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical 
level of SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to 
SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Furthermore, the rate of interest is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant applicable 
period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Holders to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based notes, if the Notes 
become due and payable as a result of an event of default or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which 
is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined 
by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due 
and payable. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue 
SOFR. 
The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological 
or other changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which 
SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing 
related to the publication of SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate 
on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Holders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, Social Bond or 
Sustainability Bond there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will satisfy the investment 
criteria of an investor 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of net proceeds, such as a green bond, social bond or 
sustainability bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment 
criteria of an investor. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes to finance or re-finance 
Eligible Loans. The Issuer has established a Sustainability Bond Framework which further specifies the 
eligibility criteria for such Eligible Loans based on the ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles. The 
Sustainability Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion (as defined below) can be accessed on the 
website of the Issuer (https://www.raiffeisen.ro/despre-noi/guvernanta-corporativa/detinatori-de-
obligatiuni). For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustainability Bond Framework nor the content of 
the website or any Second Party Opinion (as defined below) or any other document related thereto are 
incorporated by reference into or form part of this Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the 
Sustainability Bond Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. 
Compliance with future voluntary or regulatory initiatives 
Due to the intention to apply the proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche of Notes to finance or re-
finance Eligible Loans, the Issuer may refer to such Notes as "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainable 
bonds". Furthermore, notwithstanding the current legislative efforts on EU level regarding the regulation 
of sustainable finance, there is currently no clearly defined term (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "green", "social", "sustainable" or an

--- Page 42 ---
Page 42 
equivalently-labelled project. It is an area which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many and 
wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and 
objectives. Even if such voluntary or regulatory initiatives should arrive at a definition of "green", 
"social", "sustainable" they are not necessarily meant to apply to the Notes nor will the Issuer necessarily 
seek compliance for any of the Notes with all or some of such rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies or 
objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 18 June 2020 (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation"), which was published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 22 June 2020 and entered into force on 12 July 2020, defined six environmental 
objectives and established a framework to facilitate sustainable investment in the EU. The EU Taxonomy 
Regulation tasked the European Commission with establishing the actual list of environmentally 
sustainable activities by defining technical screening criteria for each environmental objective through 
delegated acts. A first delegated act on sustainable activities for climate change adaption and mitigation 
objectives was approved in principle on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021. A second 
delegated act for the remaining objectives was recently published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 21 November 2023 and applies from 1 January 2024. The EU Taxonomy Regulation sets 
mandatory requirements on disclosure for companies and financial institutions and forms the basis for 
the European standard for green bonds as enshrined in Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 22 November 2023 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures 
for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the "EU Green 
Bond Standard"), which was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 9 January 2024 
and applies from 21 December 2024. 
The EU Green Bond Standard provides for a uniform set of specific requirements for bonds issued by 
undertakings that wish to use the designation "European Green Bond" or "EuGB". Nothing in this 
Prospectus implies that the Green Bonds issued under this Programme may comply with the EU Green 
Bond Standard. The Green Bonds issued under this Programme may not at any time be eligible for the 
relevant Issuer to be entitled to use the designation of "European Green Bond" or "EuGB" nor is the 
relevant Issuer under any obligation to take steps to have any Green Bonds become eligible for such 
designation. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the envisaged use of proceeds of the 
relevant Notes by the Issuer for any Eligible Loans in accordance with the Sustainability Bond 
Framework will satisfy, either in whole or in part, (i) any existing or future legislative or regulatory 
requirements or standards such as the EU Green Bond Standard, or (ii) any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or 
its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any projects 
or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Loans. Further, no assurance or representation 
is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the reporting under the Sustainability 
Bond Framework will meet investor needs or expectations. 
Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the 
green, sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the Issuer's Sustainability Bond 
Framework may (or may not) be modified in the future to adapt any update that may be made to the 
ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles and/or the EU Green Bond Standard. Such changes may have a 
negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of the Notes issued prior to the amendment.

--- Page 43 ---
Page 43 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds 
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any relevant Notes 
for financing and/or refinancing new or existing Eligible Loans in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in the relevant Final Terms and the Sustainability Bond Framework. However, there can be no 
assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that the relevant project(s) or use(s) 
the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loans will be capable of being implemented in or substantially 
in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be 
disbursed in whole or in part for financing and/or refinancing such Eligible Loans. Neither can there be 
any assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loans will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated 
by the Issuer or that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Loans. Furthermore, 
under its terms and conditions, green bonds, social bonds or sustainable bonds may provide for the right 
of the Issuer to redeem the green bond, social bond or sustainable bond early. If such redemption occurs 
prior to the full allocation of the proceeds of such Notes, such allocation may not take place in full or not 
at all and, in that case, the Notes may no longer be able to contribute to any Eligible Loans. Neither the 
Arranger, nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible 
Loans or the application, impact or monitoring of the use of proceeds of the relevant Notes. 
(i) Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so or (ii) any failure to provide or publish any 
reporting or any (impact) assessment, or (iii) any failure to obtain any certification or label (or the 
withdrawal of any such certification or label or of the Second Party Opinion (as defined below)), or 
(iv) any Eligible Loans ceasing to be classed as such prior to maturity of the relevant Notes, or (v) the 
fact that the maturity of an Eligible Asset may not match the minimum duration of the Notes, will not 
(a) constitute an event of default under the Notes or (b) give the Holders the right to otherwise early 
terminate and demand redemption of the Notes. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of relevant Notes will be made from the Issuer's general funds 
and will not be directly linked to the performance of any Eligible Loans (or any other environmental or 
similar targets set by the Issuer). 
Second Party Opinion 
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the second party opinion dated 29 April 2024 issued by 
Sustainalytics in relation to the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework or any other opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Loans to fulfil any 
environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria (each a "Second Party Opinion"). Any such 
Second Party Opinion may not address risks that may affect the value of any Notes issued under the 
Sustainability Bond Framework or any Eligible Loans against which the Issuer may assign the proceeds 
of any Notes. 
Any such Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations 
and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including 
without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Any such 
Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Any such Second Party Opinion 
is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. Any such Second Party Opinion is only current as of the date 
that opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) 
at any time. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second Party 
Opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such Second Party Opinion for 
the purpose of any investment in any Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. There can be no assurance that Holders will have any recourse against the 
provider(s) of any Second Party Opinion.

--- Page 44 ---
Page 44 
Listing of Notes on dedicated stock exchange segments or platforms or inclusion in dedicated indices 
In the event that any Series of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Green Exchange 
or any other dedicated "ESG", "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-
labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated) or included in any 
index so labelled, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing, admission or inclusion satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which 
any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing, 
admission to trading or inclusion in any index may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or 
any other person that any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any index will be obtained in 
respect of any Series of Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in 
any index will be maintained during the life of that Series of Notes. 
Summary of potential implications for Holders 
Any of the risks mentioned above and in particular (i) the non-compliance of the Notes with any future 
voluntary or regulatory standard for sustainable instruments, (ii) a failure to apply an amount equivalent 
to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Loans, (iii) the withdrawal of any Second Party 
Opinion or (iv) the Notes ceasing to be listed, admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or 
securities market or included in any dedicated index may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance or refinance 
similar Eligible Loans and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Ratings of the Notes, if any, may not reflect all risks - ratings of the Notes may be subject to change at 
all times. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes, as may be specified 
in the Final Terms. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, 
market, additional risk factors discussed herein and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating 
will remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be reduced or withdrawn 
entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Rating agencies may 
also change their methodologies for rating securities in the future. Any suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one or more of the credit rating agencies 
could adversely affect the value and trading of such Notes. 
Rating agencies may also change their methodologies for rating securities with features similar to the 
Notes in the future. If the rating agencies were to change their practices for rating such securities in the 
future and the ratings of the Notes were to be subsequently lowered, this may have a negative impact on 
the trading price of the Notes. In any case, the ratings of the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of 
all risks related to structure, market, additional factors described above, and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Notes. 
Furthermore, as a result of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation"), if the status of a rating agency 
rating the Notes changes or the rating is not endorsed by a credit rating agency registered under the CRA 
Regulation, European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes. 
Any such change could cause the Notes to be subject to different regulatory treatment. This may result in 
such European regulated investors selling the Notes, which may impact the value of the Notes and any 
secondary market.

--- Page 45 ---
Page 45 
Holders may be unable to effect service of process or enforce foreign judgments against the Issuer or 
its assets. 
The Issuer is incorporated in Romania and the Notes are issued pursuant to German law, which may limit 
the legal recourse that investors in the Notes may enjoy against it. 
Romanian law may require additional formalities to be performed or conditions to be met in order to 
enforce judgments against the Issuer that were obtained in foreign courts. The laws of Romania permit 
an action to be brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in Romania for the recognition and 
enforcement of a final and conclusive judgment in personam rendered by a court from an EU member 
state, provided that the relevant conditions set forth in Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement 
of judgments in civil and commercial matters, as amended, are met. However, other conditions may be 
applicable with respect to specific matters, under special Romanian legislation or international 
conventions. Similar rules on the recognition and enforcement of foreign court judgments apply to 
judgments issued in non-EU member states which are parties to the 2007 Lugano Convention on 
jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. 
Judgments rendered by courts in the United States and other non-EU member states (which includes the 
United Kingdom), which are not parties to the 2007 Lugano Convention are subject to different 
requirements and may be more difficult to enforce. Subject to special internal legislation (including 
ratified international conventions) regulating the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments on 
specific matters, Romanian law allows an action to be brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in 
Romania for the recognition of a judgment in personam rendered by a court of a non-EU member state, 
provided that the relevant conditions in respect of recognition of foreign judgments set out under the 
Romanian Civil Procedure Code are met. Furthermore, the recognition and enforcement of foreign 
judgments in administrative, customs, criminal or other public law related matters is subject to special 
legislation and certain conditions may need to be fulfilled. The limitations set out above may deprive 
investors in the Notes of effective legal recourse for claims related to their investment. 
The Notes are not covered by any (statutory) deposit guarantee scheme. 
Notes which qualify as own funds instruments (pursuant to the CRR) or as transferable securities 
(including listed Senior Ordinary Notes) are not covered by the statutory deposit guarantee scheme 
pursuant to the Romanian Act no. 311/2015 on deposit guarantee schemes and the guarantee fund for 
banking deposits, as amended (Legea nr. 311/2015 privind schemele de garantare a depozitelor si Fondul 
de garantare a depozitelor bancare). Therefore, in the event of insolvency or resolution, Holders may 
lose their entire investment. 
Risks related to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009. 
Since the Terms and Conditions of Notes issued under the Programme provide for meetings of Holders 
of a series of Notes or the taking of votes without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes 
may be amended (as proposed or agreed by the Issuer) by majority resolution of the Holders of such 
Notes and any such majority resolution will be binding on all Holders. Any Holder is therefore subject to 
the risk that its rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant series of Notes 
are amended, reduced or even cancelled by a majority resolution of the Holders. Any such majority 
resolution will even be binding on Holders who have declared their claims arising from the Notes due 
and payable based on the occurrence of an event of default but who have not received payment from the 
Issuer prior to the amendment taking effect. According to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG"), the relevant majority for Holders' resolutions is generally 
based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. 
Therefore, any such resolution may effectively be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. 
To the extent that any amendments by majority resolution to the Terms and Conditions may affect the 
eligibility criteria for the Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments, such 
amendments are subject to the prior approval of the Competent Authority or the Resolution Authority, 
respectively.

--- Page 46 ---
Page 46 
Under the SchVG, an initial common representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) of the Holders 
(the "Holders' Representative") may be appointed in the terms and conditions of an issue. 
However, no initial Holders' Representative might be appointed in the Terms and Conditions at the issue 
date. Any appointment of a Holders' Representative at a later stage will, therefore, require a majority 
resolution of the Holders of the Notes. If the appointment of a Holders' Representative is delayed, this 
will make it more difficult for Holders to take collective action to enforce their rights under the Notes. 
If a Holders' Representative will be appointed by majority decision of the Holders it is possible that 
Holders may be deprived of their individual right to pursue and enforce their rights under the Terms and 
Conditions against the Issuer, if such right was passed to the Holders' Representative by majority vote 
who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders. 
In case of certain events of default with respect to Ordinary Senior Notes, any notice to the Issuer 
declaring the Notes due and payable shall become effective only when the Paying Agent has received 
such default notices from Holders representing at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding. Under the SchVG, even if a default notice is given by a sufficient number of 
Holders, it could be rescinded by majority resolution within three months. A simple majority of votes 
would be sufficient for a resolution on the rescission of such acceleration but, in any case, more Holders 
would have to consent to a rescission than have delivered default notices. Holders should be aware that, 
as a result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default, 
unless the required quorum of Holders with respect to the Notes delivers default notices and such 
acceleration is not rescinded by majority resolution of the Holders.

--- Page 47 ---
Page 47 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
1. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
1.1 
Corporate history and development of the Issuer 
In 1990, Banca Agricola S.A. was incorporated, under Law no. 15/1990 on the reorganisation of state 
economic units as autonomous entities and commercial companies and Government Decision 
no. 1196/1990 on the establishment of Banca Agricola S.A., as a joint stock company (societate pe 
acţiuni). The Issuer operated under the name of Banca Agricola S.A., having the State of Romania as its 
major shareholder, represented by the State Property Fund (Fondul Proprietăţii de Stat) and subsequently 
by the Authority for State Assets Management (Autoritatea pentru Privatizare şi Administrarea 
Participaţiilor Statului – "APAPS"), but also certain private shareholders, including the Private Property 
Funds (Fondurile Proprietăţii Private), which were subsequently transformed into financial investment 
companies (societăţi de investiţii financiare), and the Issuer's employees. 
On 18 February 1999, the Issuer was established for an indefinite period and registered with the Register 
of Credit Institutions held by the NBR under registration number RB-PJR-40-009. The Issuer operates 
on the basis of the applicable laws and regulations issued by the NBR. 
In 2001, Raiffeisen Zentralbank Österreich Aktiengesellschaft ("RZB", the legal predecessor of 
Raiffeisenbank International AG – "RBI", together with its subsidiaries, "RBI Group"), together with 
the Romanian-American Enterprise Fund (Fondul Româno-American de Investiţii), filed an acquisition 
offer for Banca Agricola S.A. with the Romanian State, represented by APAPS. The takeover agreement 
over 98% of the shares of Banca Agricola S.A. (out of which 93.36% were to be owned by RZB) was 
signed in April 2001. In July 2001, the takeover was completed. The newly formed entity was named 
"Banca Agricola-Raiffeisen S.A". 
In July 2002, Banca Agricola-Raiffeisen S.A. merged with Raiffeisenbank (Romania) S.A., RZB's 
subsidiary in Romania. Following the merger, the name of the resulting entity is "Raiffeisen Bank S.A." 
The Issuer's major shareholder is Raiffeisen SEE Region Holding GmbH (with a stake of 99.95% of the 
shares). Raiffeisen SEE Region Holding GmbH is indirectly held by RBI. 
1.2 
General information about the Issuer 
The Issuer's legal name is "Raiffeisen Bank S.A." and it uses the commercial name "Raiffeisen Bank". 
The Issuer is organised as a joint-stock company (societate pe acţiuni) administrated in a dualist system 
incorporated and carrying out its activity in accordance with Romanian law. The Issuer is registered with 
the Bucharest Trade Registry Office (Oficiul Registrului Comerţului din Bucureşti) under the number 
J40/44/1991, EUID ROONRC J40/44/1991, sole registration code 361820 and is a Romanian tax 
resident. The Issuer's legal entity identifier (LEI) code is LEI 549300RFKNCOX56F8591. 
The Issuer's registered office is located at 246D Calea Floreasca, FCC Office Building, Bucharest 1st 
District, Romania, its general telephone number is: +40 021 306 10 00 and its website is 
"www.raiffeisen.ro". The information on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Prospectus unless 
that information is explicitly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (please see section "Financial 
Information and Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
1.3 
Independent auditors 
The Issuer's independent auditor in relation to the financial statements of the Group for the fiscal years 
ending on 31 December 2022 and on 31 December 2023, respectively, prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed by the European Union ("IFRS") was Deloitte 
Audit S.R.L., 82-98 Calea Grivitei, The Mark Tower, 14th floor, Sector 1, 010735, Bucharest, Romania 
("Deloitte"). 
Deloitte has audited the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the years ending 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 and issued an unqualified independent auditor's report dated 
28 March 2023 and 25 March 2024, respectively. Deloitte is a member of the Chamber of Financial 
Auditors in Romania (Camera Auditorilor Financiari din România) and is subject to the supervision and

--- Page 48 ---
Page 48 
authorisation of the Statutory Audit Public Oversight Authority (Autoritatea pentru Supravegherea 
Publică a Activităţii de Audit Statutar - ASPAAS). 
1.4 
Any recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant for the evaluation 
of its solvency 
The Issuer is not aware of any recent events which are particular to the Issuer (i.e. occurring after the 
most recent published audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of 31 December 2023) 
that are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of its solvency. 
1.5 
Deposit Ratings and Credit Ratings 
The Issuer has obtained deposit ratings and credit ratings from Moody's Deutschland GmbH 
("Moody's")*. As of the date of this Prospectus such ratings are as follows: 
Type 
Rating 
Outlook 
Long Term Counterparty Risk 
Foreign Currency Rating 
Baa1 
-** 
Long Term Foreign Currency 
Bank Deposit Rating 
Baa1 
Stable 
Long Term Domestic Currency 
Bank Deposit Rating 
Baa1 
Stable 
Senior Unsecured Rating 
Baa1 
Stable 
Junior Senior Unsecured Rating 
Baa2 
-** 
(*) Moody's Deutschland GmbH, An der Welle 5, 2nd Floor, 60322 Frankfurt, Germany is established in the 
European Union, is registered under the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 
its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). 
(**) Outlook not applicable. 
On 2 May 2023, Moody's affirmed the Issuer's Baa1 senior unsecured debt and deposit ratings. At the 
same time, the Issuer's junior senior unsecured ratings have been upgraded from Baa3 to Baa2.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
2. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
2.1 
Principle areas of activity 
The Issuer's statutory purpose is to engage in banking and financial business of any kind and in other 
related activities, in accordance with the applicable laws and within the authorisation for functioning 
(autorizaţia de funcţionare) granted by the NBR. 
The Issuer's core area of business activity (principalul domeniu de activitate) is monetary intermediation 
and the principal object of activity (obiectul principal de activitate) is activities related to monetary 
intermediation.

--- Page 49 ---
Page 49 
2.2 
General presentation of main categories of the products sold and services performed 
The Issuer addresses the Romanian market. 
The Issuer's business activities are subdivided into the following segments: 
• 
Private Customers 
• 
Small and Medium-sized Enterprises 
• 
Corporate Banking 
• 
Treasury 
• 
Capital Markets and Financial Institutions 
2.3 
Private Customers 
The Issuer offers banking products to private customers and aims to provide them with simple and reliable 
services in every interaction, adequate digital solutions and satisfying banking experiences. In order to 
achieve these goals, the Issuer uses a customer feedback collection mechanism (PULS) that is designed 
to allow for instantaneous service improvement and real-time input for process and product optimisations. 
The range of products offered to private individual customers is extensive, ranging from digital daily 
banking products to financing products, savings and investments. 
Digital daily banking products 
In 2023, the Issuer continued to offer its customers low-barrier, free-of-charge access to daily banking 
packages, tailored to the needs of respective customer groups: 
• 
Customers aged between 18 and 25 are offered free access to daily banking services. 
• 
Customers older than 25 years are offered free access to daily banking services through the Zero 
Simplu (Simple Zero) current account package, provided they perform at least one electronic 
transaction every month. 
• 
Payroll customers are offered mobile desks for serving them directly at their place of work, with 
dedicated offers including enhanced benefits and pricing discounts linked to salary cashing. 
• 
High-value customers are offered Raiffeisen Bank Premium services and a dedicated product 
offering matching their complex needs and demanding profile. 
• 
Since 2021, the Issuer offers a digital enrolment process for private individual clients through 
the mobile banking application Smart Mobile. In 2022, the Issuer obtained the authorisation from 
the Authority for the Digitization of Romania, for the remote identification solution related to 
the digital enrolment process, confirming the quality and safety of the video identification 
solution available for the clients' remote onboarding, through the digital enrolment process. 
• 
Further, the Issuer offers its digital banking application Smart Mobile and its application for the 
authentication in the mobile/internet banking application and for transactions authorisation, 
called SmartToken, to its private individual customers. These applications are designed to ensure 
an uncomplicated way to remote banking, by offering value-added services and functions to 
customers such as Smart Hour (the possibility of exchanging RON to EUR and EUR to RON at 
National Bank of Romania rates, between 10:00 and 11:00 (local time)), Smart Search, a smart 
widget for checking the account balance without logging in, quick payments, biometric customer 
identification, push notifications, debit and credit cards management (blocking and re-issuing) 
and the possibility to open new products such as current accounts, saving accounts, deposits 
online. 
• 
In 2022, the Issuer launched an improved SmartToken activation flow. The security component 
was emphasised and more awareness on online safety was created among the customers through

--- Page 50 ---
Page 50 
educational and informational campaigns. In addition to various optimisations in the mobile 
banking applications, new and more accessible functionalities were also launched: a shorter 
process for obtaining a pre-approved loan for personal needs, instant payments and SavingBox, 
a service that allows customers to automatically transfer a percentage of each debit card payment 
to a savings account. 
• 
Another new application was launched by the Issuer in 2022 with the aim to increase the 
customers' satisfaction: Smart Market – a loyalty ecosystem which aims to bring together all 
customer segments (individuals, SMEs, Corporate). The application is the first of its kind on the 
market that offers its digital customers all types of rewards: cashback, discount vouchers from 
partner merchants, loyalty points, prizes or offers on banking products. 
• 
The payment experience of the Issuer's customers aims to be digital native by enhancing it 
through the mobile payment solutions offered: ApplePay, GarminPay and, since 2023, also a 
GooglePay wallet solution. More than 100.000 customer already enrolled in the new mobile 
payment solution. 
Access to financing products 
The Issuer offers various financing instruments to private individual customers such as personal loans, 
mortgage loans, credit cards and overdrafts. For personal loan and mortgage loan products, the Issuer 
offers the option of deferring the repayment of the instalment for 3 months. Other facilities offered by the 
Issuer on the financing products are a preapproval automated process valid for 90 days (applicable to 
mortgage loans), a first instalment grace period (for mortgage loans), bonus points and up to 24 free 
instalments for credit cards and 60 instalments with reduced interest rate. The Issuer provides the 
customers with the possibility to access personal loans online via their mobile banking application 
including preapproved loans. Regarding mortgage loans, the Issuer offers a special pricing for green 
homes (i.e. buildings with an energy performance certificate (EPC) class A or buildings certified by the 
Romania Green Building Council). 
Saving and Investment products 
The Issuer offers multiple saving and investment solutions for RON, EUR and USD investments, ranging 
from savings accounts and term deposits with various maturities to mutual funds managed by Raiffeisen 
Asset Management and government bonds, among others. Starting in 2021, all standard saving products 
(saving accounts & term deposits) are offered exclusively in digital channels (Smart Mobile and 
Raiffeisen Online).  
The SmartInvest investment plans address all retail customers and aim to sustain and encourage a 
periodical saving and investment behaviour. SmartInvest solutions are RON and EUR denominated and 
offer customers liquidity, capital preservation or growth investment opportunities, as well as potential 
higher yields as an alternative to classic savings instruments (e.g. saving accounts or deposits). 
Additionally, the Issuer offers the possibility to invest in two master-feeder funds (Raiffeisen Sustainable 
Equity and Raiffeisen Sustainable Mix) managed by Raiffeisen Asset Management, being among the first 
Romanian investment funds that incorporate environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors in 
the investment decisions. 
Furthermore, the Issuer offers private pension schemes to customers, to cater for long term needs of 
customers. 
Private Banking Customers 
The Issuer's Private Banking division is aimed at offering investment services to high-net-worth 
individuals (with assets under the Group's management in excess of EUR 250,000 each). At the date of 
this prospectus, the Issuer has EUR 1.5 billion in assets under management. In 2023, the Private Banking 
division focus was centred on intensifying the communication with customers in a challenging market 
context, by organizing interactive events on investment topics, as well as on streamlining digital flows 
and providing access to new products. 
In order to better respond to high-net-worth individuals' need to invest their short-term available financial 
resources, the Issuer added to the investment products offer a new Raiffeisen Asset Management

--- Page 51 ---
Page 51 
monetary fund – Raiffeisen Euro Flexi – marking the most successful fund launch in the history of the 
asset management company in terms of subscriptions volumes. From its launch until the date of this 
Prospectus, the fund has captured the interest of more than 250 Private Banking investors, who have 
accumulated gross subscriptions of over EUR 70 million. 
Furthermore, the Issuer enlarged the investment products universe for Private Banking clients by 
introducing in the last quarter of 2023 a wide range of financial instruments focused on sustainability: 
investment funds managed by the investment fund management company of Raiffeisen Group, based in 
Vienna. The volume subscribed since the start of distribution amounts to approximately EUR 3 million. 
Corporate bonds were also added to the Private Banking offering. In 2024, a zero-coupon corporate bond 
was successfully issued by RBI for the first time, with USD 12 million raised from high-net-worth 
individuals. 
Small and medium-sized enterprises 
Considering the characteristics of the Romanian market, the Small and Medium-sized Enterprises 
("SMEs") segment, as defined in the Issuer's business segmentation, comprises of SMEs with private 
capital and an annual turnover of up to approximately EUR 5.9 million, including freelancer 
professionals. By positioning customers' needs in the centre of the Issuer's focus and offering easy to use 
financial solutions and products, the Issuer aims at building an ecosystem that provides necessary 
financial services for conducting entrepreneurial businesses and establishing long term relationships. 
SME customers are further segmented into micro-companies (with an annual turnover of up to 
EUR 1.176 million) and small and medium enterprises with an annual turnover of up to EUR 5.9 million, 
as well as professionals based on their membership to respective associations and bodies. This approach 
aims to ensure a customised service level appropriate to the profile, size of activity, complexity as well 
as the transactional and financial needs of the respective SMEs. Moreover, products and services are 
permanently adapted to the specific requirements of the various entrepreneurs' subcategories, while 
communication is directed through their preferred channels. 
From a service model perspective, the Issuer's consultants (SME relationship managers and branch 
managers) provide financial advisory and dedicated assistance to SME customers, using a 360º approach 
for identifying appropriate financial solutions, hosted in a digital advisory tool dedicated to SME 
customers. Besides the branch network, the Issuer offers SMEs a wide range of alternative channels 
through which they can access the Issuer's banking products and services, such as Smart Mobile, 
Raiffeisen Online or a call centre (including a ChatBot). 
Digital solutions continued to be the Issuer's primary focus in 2023. The Issuer actively supports 
migration to these alternative channels of banking by offering digital channels to host all its main products 
and services as one major pillar of the strategy on SME clients. These digital solutions seek to enhance 
customer experience for SMEs and ensure extended service availability besides offering low transaction 
costs. 
In 2023, more than 81,000 SME clients actively used the Issuer's solutions for digital banking. Further, 
the Issuer offers over 1,195 multi-functional machines ("MFMs"), ATMs & cashboxes to its SME 
customers which allow for multiple transactions such as cash deposits and withdrawals, bill payment, 
account statements, and foreign currency exchange. The new solution Smart Cashbox extends benefits of 
cash transactions for SME customers and offers the possibility to deposit multicurrency-type cash. Cash 
operations can be performed by SME customers at any ATM/MFM of any other bank in Romania, with 
similar fees and commissions.  
This range of solutions for cash management, combined with the high number of active clients using 
digital payments solutions, contributed to raising the share of digital transactions to 99% during 2023. 
The simplification and digital transformation process was sustained also by the success of the new 
acquiring solution RaiPOS (soft POS – soft point of sale), which was launched in 2022. This application 
allows SME customers to transform their phone or tablet in an electronic payment terminal with reduced 
and optimised pricing structure. In 2023, more than 5,800 new RaiPOS terminals were used by SME 
customers.

--- Page 52 ---
Page 52 
New and old acquiring solutions achieved an important result in 2023: the acquiring business recorded 
an increase in volume of more than 20% compared to 2022, with more than 6,400 additional merchants 
becoming part of the service and with above market performance. 
Also, digital solutions for lending continued to be a focus of the Issuer, as part of the digital transformation 
strategy for the SME segment. More than 15% of new volumes in the micro-companies segment (more 
than 1,500 clients) were granted digitally. 
At the same time, financing solutions remained a critical need for SME clients and the Issuer continued 
to support them by lending solutions such as (i) IMM Invest (SME Invest), a Romanian government 
guarantee scheme dedicated to SMEs, and (ii) existing programmes of the European Investment Fund 
("EIF"), such as the EU programme for the Competitiveness of Small and Medium-sized Enterprises 
("COSME") and the European Programme for Employment and Social Innovation ("EaSI"). Lending 
was supported by those schemes, with IMM Invest remaining the most frequently used lending solution 
due to its very favourable conditions for SME companies. 2023 also marked the market entry of three 
new programs developed with the EIF: Microfinance, Competitiveness and Sustainability Guarantees 
with a potential loan amount of more than EUR 350 million for both SME segments (micro-companies 
and small and medium enterprises). 
In 2023, the SME Invest programme with its 5 components IMM Invest, Agro IMM Invest, Garant 
Construct, Rural Invest and IMM Prod addressed more than 1,350 clients with financing exceeding 
EUR 160 million. 
After its launch in 2018, the Issuer continued the development of the online platform "Factory by 
Raiffeisen" in 2023. This programme became a flagship initiative intended to support the development 
of innovation-driven start-ups, contributing to the building of a strong ecosystem for start-ups in Romania. 
The financed amounts provided in the "Factory by Raiffeisen" programme are guaranteed by the EIF, 
under the COSME initiative. The factory community sums up more than 5,000 active members, with 
more than EUR 15 million approved loans. 
2.4 
Corporate Banking 
The general strategy of the Corporate Division is to focus on developing long-term relationships with the 
economic ecosystems formed around the macro relevant corporate companies. 
The main strategic directions are: 
• 
Focus on the holistic approach towards the ecosystems formed around corporate customers, 
addressing all the stakeholders (e.g. suppliers, customers, employees, shareholders, key 
executives, etc.); 
• 
Continue implementation of business development programmes (e.g. financial development, 
human resources management, research, optimise operational processes) for the customers, 
especially on the Mid Market segment (e.g. Catalizator platform). The events have also a strong 
networking component for best practice sharing; 
• 
Boost the efficiency programme through: 
• 
Continued migration to electronic channels and/or expertise centralisation; 
• 
Structured sales process (e.g. top-up volumes, pre-approved amounts campaigns); 
• 
Upgraded information infrastructure for a faster and more reliable response to customer 
demands; 
• 
Ensure compliance with increased regulatory requirements: complying with local, international 
and group requirements. 
The main corporate banking segments are: 
• 
Large Corporates which represent the segment including customers having an annual turnover 
above EUR 50 million or part of a group with turnover above EUR 250 million;

--- Page 53 ---
Page 53 
• 
Mid Market which represents the segment including customers annual turnover between 
EUR 5 million and EUR 50 million; and 
• 
Local Regional Government. 
The Large Corporates segment is focused on delivering personalised customer development programmes, 
structured on the Issuer's industry expertise. 
Focusing on the regional coverage of the customers, the Mid Market segment strives to develop the 
business community by encouraging collaboration and best practice sharing. Evolving from the 
experiences gained in previous years, the Raiffeisen Catalizator is already part of the continuous 
development programme of the Issuer for the business community. 
The Issuer offers special attention to the customers of the RBI Group, where the Issuer solidified its status 
as focus country for the RBI Group. The Issuer offers customised solutions for each customer and is 
continuously trying to improve its financing solutions e.g. by extending them to factoring products. 
An important role in the growth effort was the continued partnership with institutional investors 
(European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, European Investment Bank, EIF), especially in 
the Mid Market segment. The COSME and SMEi programmes are particularly notable, where the Issuer 
was granted the largest portion of funds on the market. 
The Corporate Division is also active in the syndicated loan market, with transactions in different 
economic sectors and entailing various roles of the Issuer in large and complex transactions. 
Another important contributor to the Issuer's assets' growth is the Project Finance business line, which 
focuses on large projects in real estate and retail. 
Important successes were also registered by the Transactional Banking line, with online payments sharing 
well above the 98% threshold, following the Issuer's continued optimisation efforts towards digitalisation 
and streamline processing. 
2.5 
Treasury  
The Balance Sheet and Portfolio Management Department ("Treasury") is responsible for the strategic 
management of the Issuer's assets and liabilities with the goal of ensuring a stable net interest income 
while maintaining a sustainable medium and long-term liquidity and capital position of the Issuer. 
The Issuer manages the interest rate risk with the objective to balance the net interest rate sensitivity and 
economic value of equity. The strategy is to invest in both fixed rate and floating rate assets in a given 
set of risk limits approved for net interest income sensitivity and economic value of equity. 
The management of the balance sheet considers both the liquidity and interest rate perspective and is 
performed by using a set of tools, including a system of internal funds transfer pricing for both liquidity 
and interest rate risk management. The internal funds transfer pricing system is based on market rates and 
is designed to allocate all costs and benefits to the business segments in a way that incentivises the 
efficient use of liquidity. As part of the overall risk management framework, the assets and liabilities of 
the Issuer are modelled and analysed in order to adequately reflect the liquidity and interest rate risk 
profile of the Issuer. 
In order to ensure an adequate level of liquidity under stress conditions, the Issuer maintains a liquidity 
reserve comprised of high-quality liquid assets ("HQLA"), including cash held at the central bank and 
bonds eligible as collateral for central bank liquidity facilities. By maintaining this reserve, the Issuer 
ensures alignment with internal requirements and liquidity risk regulations for stress conditions. 
The liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR" or "Liquidity Coverage Ratio"), the regulatory standard for stress 
conditions, aims to ensure sufficient liquid assets to meet stress-free liquidity needs for 30 days. 
According to regulatory requirements, the Issuer has to maintain a LCR level above the minimum 
threshold of 100%. In the case of the Issuer, the value of the liquidity buffer held by the Issuer amounted 
to EUR 4,347 million in December 2023, the corresponding ratio being close to 267%, significantly 
higher than the regulatory level.

--- Page 54 ---
Page 54 
The net stable funding ratio ("NSFR" or "Net Stable Funding Ratio") focuses on the long-term funding 
and serves to define the minimum acceptable amount of stable funding, based on the credit institution's 
liquidity characteristics of assets and activities over a one-year time horizon. As of December 2023, the 
Issuer had the NSFR ratio at 163%, a level significantly above the 100% limit. 
 
DECEMBER 2022 
DECEMBER 2023 
High-quality Liquid Assets 
(EUR mn) 
3,032 
4,347 
Net Outflows (EUR mn) 
1,734 
1,627 
LCR value (%) 
175% 
267% 
NSFR (%) 
147% 
163% 
Source: The Issuer; RON/EUR exchange rate: 4.9474 (2022) and 4.9746 (2023)  
The Treasury also oversees the funding management of the Issuer, being responsible for the development, 
execution and regular updating of the Issuer's funding plan. Furthermore, the funding management team 
is responsible for the coordination of the access and participation to the implementation of various 
programmes developed by international financial institutions, supporting the lending activity of the 
business lines. 
The Issuer's funding plan is updated at least annually in accordance with the balance sheet funding needs, 
taking into consideration all regulatory requirements imposed by the relevant authorities. 
2.6 
Capital Markets and Financial Institutions 
Capital Markets 
The capital markets department ("CM") is covering the needs of the Issuer's customers interested in 
capital markets products, as well as being responsible for the management of all the risks linked to 
customers' transactions, as well as transactions with financial instruments. The Issuer covers all customer 
segments for specific products that it may sell based on the approved distribution model, as well as being 
involved in interbank transactions for the purposes of managing customer demand and for undertaking 
risks, based on the approved trading model and the market risk set of limits approved specifically for CM. 
The Issuer is one of the primary dealers in the relation with the Romanian Ministry of Public Finance and 
it distributes RON, as well as EUR denominated securities issued by the Romanian Ministry of Public 
Finance. 
The key objective for CM is the digitalisation of low risk-taking transactional business. Through the 
trading desk, CM is active on the EUR-RON foreign exchange ("FX") market, the Romanian government 
Bonds ("ROMGB") market and RON related plain vanilla FX derivatives. 
Financial Institutions 
The financial institutions department ("FI") is responsible for the relationships among the Issuer and 
various domestic and foreign bank and non-bank financial institutions. These include commercial banks, 
investment banks, insurance companies, leasing companies (having a financial group as the main 
shareholder), investment funds, pension funds, brokerage companies, finance companies (mortgage or 
consumer finance), and supranationals. Recently, a new group of companies, representing payment 
service providers/money service businesses, was added to FI's portfolio. 
Securities Services 
The securities services department is the business unit responsible for custody, depository services for 
investment and pension funds, and for the distribution of investment products, including via digital 
channels. The department is also responsible for special settlement activities at the Romanian Central 
Depository (Depozitarul Central SA) and for the paying agency services offered to the bond issuers.

--- Page 55 ---
Page 55 
2.7 
Market Position 
Market positioning in Romania by reference to total assets and gross loans as of December 2023: 
Rank 
Bank 
Total assets 
(RON billion) 
Market 
share 
Gross loans 
(RON billion) 
Market 
share 
1 
Banca Transilvania S.A. 
161.8 
20.1% 
75.9 
18.9% 
2 
Banca Comerciala 
Romana S.A. 
(Consolidated) 
108.0 
13.4% 
59.7 
14.9% 
3 
CEC Bank S.A. 
83.5 
10.4% 
33.2 
8.3% 
4 
BRD Groupe Societe 
Generale S.A. 
81.4 
10.1% 
41.88 
10.4% 
5 
ING Bank N.V. 
(Romanian Branch) 
71.8 
8.9% 
38.3 
9.5% 
6 
The Issuer 
70.2 
8.7% 
41.93 
10.4% 
Source: Internal data of the Issuer as of December 2023 and public data for market competitors.  
Total assets and gross loans rankings are reflected as of December 2023 based on publicly available data. 
Figures presented in the table reflect the standalone total net assets and gross loans for each of the 
Romanian credit institutions mentioned therein and are compared with the total net assets and gross loans 
figures published by the NBR for December 2023. 
Considering the data available at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer holds the sixth position in the 
market according to total assets. Total net assets level in the Romanian banking system used in this market 
share calculation was around RON 803 billion. Notably, the first two Romanian banks in the system have 
secured their top positions with some margin and cumulate almost a third of the assets in the Romanian 
banking system. The Issuer's market share is approximately 8.7%, with total assets of around 
RON 70 billion. 
Regarding gross loans stock, the Issuer holds the third position in the banking system with a market share 
of 10.4% corresponding to RON 41.9 billion, slightly above BRD. Total gross loans level in the 
Romanian banking system used in this market share calculation was around RON 402 billion. 
2.8 
Notes with a specific green, social or sustainable use of proceeds 
The Issuer provides more details with regard to any notes with a specific green, social or sustainable use 
of proceeds issued by it (i) in its Annual Sustainability Report and Annual Sustainability Bond Report, 
which are both disclosed on the Issuer's website (https://www.raiffeisen.ro/despre-noi/) and may be 
updated from time to time and (ii) in the relevant Final Terms under "Use of Proceeds". Neither the 
Annual Sustainability Report, nor the Annual Sustainability Bond report are or shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated into and/or form part of this Prospectus. 
2.9 
Capital requirements 
Implementation of the risk profile at the Issuer's level is realised by establishing a strategy for each 
significant risk and implementation of corresponding policies. The Issuer adopted policies for managing 
significant risks, ensuring the implementation of the adequate risk profile. 
The main objective of the risk management activity in the Issuer is to maintain an adequate level of 
internal capital in relation to the risks taken, both from a regulatory (sustainability perspective) and 
economic (target rating perspective) point of view.

--- Page 56 ---
Page 56 
It is considered that the Issuer has an adequate level of capital for covering risks when economic capital 
is less than or equal to the risk capital, for all risks. 
As at 31 December 2023, the internal capital of the Group (risk capacity) amounted to 
RON 7,307 million, resulting in an amount of risk tolerance of RON 6,577 million, calculated as 90% 
from internal capital. 
As the risk tolerance of RON 6,577 million is higher than the economic capital in total amount of 
RON 3,715 million, on 31 December 2023 the Group had an adequate level of internal capital for 
covering risks. 
Capital ratios are at a comfortable level, above the minimum requirements. Figures for both 2022 and 
2023 do not include the profit incorporation, approved in the general meeting of the shareholders dated 
25 April 2024. 
Capital structure for the Group (sub-consolidated level): 
Capital structure  
(% RWA*) 
Regulatory 
requirements 2022 
Actual  
2022 
Regulatory 
requirements 2023 
Actual  
2023 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") (Pillar 1 + Pillar 2 capital): 
CET 1 
7.25% 
 
7.14% 
 
Tier 1 
9.66% 
 
9.52% 
 
CAR, out of which: 
12.88% 
 
12.69% 
 
SREP 
4.88% 
 
4.69% 
 
Capital buffers: 
Total capital buffers, 
out of which: 
4.00% 
 
4.50% 
 
Conservation 
2.50% 
 
2.50% 
 
Countercyclical 
0.50% 
 
1.00% 
 
O-SII 
1.00% 
 
1.00% 
 
Systemic Risk 
0.00% 
 
0.00% 
 
Total capital (SREP + Capital Buffers): 
CET 1 
11.25% 
16.19% 
11.64% 
16.74% 
Tier 1 
13.66% 
18.16% 
14.02% 
18.55% 
Total CAR** 
16.88% 
20.94% 
17.19% 
21.09% 
Note: Own funds elements from the table above (Pillar 1, Pillar 2, CET1, T1 and capital buffers) are defined in CRR 
and NBR regulation no 5/2013 regarding the prudential requirements for credit institutions, as amended from time 
to time. 
*RWA – Risk weighted assets; ** CAR – Capital adequacy ratio.  
Source: The Issuer, dated 31 December 2023

--- Page 57 ---
Page 57 
3. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The RBI Group 
The Issuer is a subsidiary of RBI and is part of the RBI Group. RBI is a stock corporation incorporated 
in Austria and operating under Austrian law with unlimited duration with its registered seat in Vienna 
and its principle place of business located at Am Stadtpark 9, 1030 Vienna, Austria. RBI is registered 
with the Austrian companies register of the commercial court of Vienna under registration number 
FN 122119 m since 9 July 1991. 
RBI operates as a credit institution according to § 1 para 1 of the Austrian Banking Act 
(Bankwesengesetz), and is listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange. 
RBI regards Austria, where it engages primarily in corporate and investment banking, as well as Central 
and Eastern Europe ("CEE") as its home markets. RBI Group is a universal banking group offering 
banking and financial products as well as services to retail and corporate customers, financial institutions 
and public sector entities predominantly in or with a connection to Austria and CEE. In CEE, RBI 
operates through its subsidiary banks, leasing companies and numerous specialised financial service 
providers. 
Since the outbreak of the war in Ukraine, RBI is reducing its exposure in Russia and is working on a 
deconsolidation of AO Raiffeisenbank, Russia ("Raiffeisenbank Russia") and its subsidiaries 
(Raiffeisenbank Russia and its subsidiaries together, the "Russian Subsidiaries") from the RBI Group 
by way of a sale or spinoff of the Russian Subsidiaries, in full compliance with local and international 
laws and regulations and in consultation with the relevant competent authorities. In case of a spin-off, the 
Russian Subsidiaries would be carved out of the RBI Group and RBI shareholders would receive shares 
in an entity that holds this stake. 
Since February 2022, RBI has taken substantial measures to mitigate the risks deriving from its ownership 
of the Russian Subsidiaries, including specifically risks to its capital position and liquidity, and risks from 
increased sanction compliance requirements. RBI expects the ECB in the near term to issue a request for 
an acceleration of the business reduction in Russia. 
On 14 February 2024, RBI announced that it is in advanced negotiations on the disposal of its 87.74 per 
cent. stake in Priorbank JSC, Belarus, and its subsidiaries, with Soven 1 Holding Limited, an investor 
from the United Arab Emirates, resulting in a potential exit of RBI from the Belarusian market. The 
signing of the transaction is – among other conditions – pending proof of funds by the investor with 
transfer of full collateral for the transaction consideration. 
In January 2023, RBI received a Request for Information ("RFI") from the Office of Foreign Assets 
Control ("OFAC") of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. The questions raised by OFAC in the RFI 
seek to clarify payments business and related processes maintained by RBI with respect to U.S. 
correspondent banks in light of the developments related to Russia and Ukraine. RBI has also been 
cooperating with the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") since March 2023 in connection with a DOJ 
inquiry into RBI's compliance with sanctions against Russia. As a matter of principle, RBI maintains 
policies and procedures that are designed to ensure compliance with applicable embargoes and financial 
sanctions and is cooperating fully with OFAC and DOJ in relation to their requests to the extent permitted 
by applicable laws and regulations. 
Additionally, the RBI Group comprises numerous other financial service providers, for instance in the 
fields of leasing, asset management, as well as M&A. To support its business activities, RBI operates 
representative offices and service branches at selected Asian and Western European locations.

--- Page 58 ---
Page 58 
Structure of the RBI Group as of 31 December 2023 (main participations only) 
 
Raiffeisen Bank 
International 
Financial institutions/insurance companies 
 
Other participations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Austria: 
Foreign countries: 
 
Austria: 
International: 
Card complete 
Hobex AG 
Kathrein Privatbank 
Notartreuhandbank 
Österreichische Hotel- und 
Tourismusbank GmbH 
Oesterreichische 
Kontrollbank AG 
Posojilnica Bank eGen 
Raiffeisen Bausparkasse 
Raiffeisen Centrobank 
Raiffeisen Factor Bank 
Raiffeisen KAG 
Raiffeisen-Leasing 
Raiffeisen Wohnbaubank 
Uniqa AG 
Valida Vorsorge 
Management 
12 RBI subsidiaries CEE 
 
Elevator Ventures 
Beteiligungs GmbH 
Leipnik-Lundeberg Invest 
Medicur-Holding 
Raiffeisen Informatik 
Raiffeisen Property 
Holding International 
GmbH 
Raiffeisen 
Verbundunternhemen-IT 
RALT Raiffeisen-Leasing 
GmbH 
RSC Raiffeisen Service 
Center 
Wiener Börse 
ZHS Office- & 
Facilitymanagement 
GmbH 
Centralised Raiffeisen 
International 
Services & Payments, 
Romania 
Regional Card Processing 
Center, Slovakia 
Ukrainian Processing 
Center, Ukraine 
• Raiffeisen Bank Sh. A., 
Albania 
 
• Raiffeisen Bank d.d, 
Bosnia Herzegovina 
 
• Raiffeisen Bank Zrt., 
Hungary 
 
• Raiffeisen Bank Kosovo 
J.S.C, Kosovo 
 
• Raiffeisenbank Austria 
d.d., Croatia 
 
• Raiffeisen Bank S.A., 
Romania 
 
• AO Raiffeisen Bank, 
Russia 
 
• Raiffeisen banka a.d., 
Serbia 
 
• Raiffeisenbank a.s., Czech 
Republic 
 
• Raiffeisen Bank JSC, 
Ukraine 
 
• Priorbank JSC, Belarus 
 
• Tatra banka a.s., Slovakia 
 
Raiffeisen-Bausparkasse 
International/Bauspar-
Einheiten 
Raiffeisen-Leasing 
International/Leasing units 
Investment firms/Pension 
fund companies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The RBI Group is present in Romania through its subsidiaries on different segments of the financial 
market, banking, investment fund management, leasing and the savings and crediting in collective system 
for housing segment. 
Principal subsidiaries of the Issuer 
As of the date of this Prospectus the Issuer has the following principal subsidiaries (the "Principal 
Subsidiaries"): 
• 
S.A.I. Raiffeisen Asset Management S.A. which is the asset management company of the 
Group in Romania. The objective of S.A.I. Raiffeisen Asset Management S.A. is to develop a 
large range of products to best serve the Group's customers' financial objectives. At the end of 
2023, S.A.I. Raiffeisen Asset Management S.A. was the only asset management company in 
Romania offering both open investment funds and voluntary pension funds. The share capital 
amounting to RON 10,656,000 is 99.99% owned by the Issuer. As of December 2023, the total 
assets reached EUR 11.8 million. In December 2023, S.A.I. Raiffeisen Asset Management S.A. 
was the second largest player on the local mutual funds market, with a market share of 20.1% 
and assets under management exceeding RON 4.1 billion. 
• 
Raiffeisen Leasing IFN S.A. which has been representing the Group on the Romanian leasing 
market since 2002. The company share capital is RON 14,935,400 and 99.99% is owned by the 
Issuer. Raiffeisen Leasing IFN S.A. offers a wide range of products for SMEs, corporations and, 
in a small part, for individuals.

--- Page 59 ---
Page 59 
The company provides customised financing solutions in RON or EUR, offering fixed or 
variable interest finance for various types of projects and assets, such as vehicles and equipment. 
Raiffeisen Leasing IFN S.A.'s offer is also available in all agencies of the Issuer. 
As of December 2023, Raiffeisen Leasing IFN S.A.'s assets amounted to RON 1,433 million and 
its active contracts database included about 11,000 contracts. 
• 
Aedificium Banca pentru Locuinţe S.A. ("ABL") (former name - Raiffeisen Banca pentru 
Locuinţe S.A.) which is the first company in Romania promoting the savings-lending (known as 
Bauspar) system, established in 2004 and focused on developing the housing sector. Starting 
with July 2019, the Issuer owns the majority stake in ABL representing 99.99% of the entire 
share capital of ABL. 
ABL's current activity level is limited due to the ongoing litigation in connection with the alleged 
deficiencies identified by the Romanian Court of Accounts (See section "7. Legal and 
Arbitration Proceedings"). 
At the end of November 2023, the shareholders of ABL decided to initiate the process to revoke 
the banking licence, followed by a transparent process in which ABL will fully perform all its 
obligations towards its stakeholders as part of a voluntary liquidation process. The shareholders' 
decision was submitted to the NBR for a preliminary approval, which is a mandatory requirement 
for the start of the voluntary liquidation process. 
At the end of 2023, ABL had a share capital of RON 50.2 million and assets amounted to 
approximately RON 88 million, with a balance sheet decreasing by 18% compared to the end of 
2022, mainly following the decrease in the number of active contracts from the portfolio. 
However, to put the Principal Subsidiaries of the Issuer in perspective in the context of the Group, 
the Issuer represents approximately 98% of the Group's assets as of 31 December 2023. 
Dependencies on other entities within the RBI Group or the Group 
The Issuer is operationally independent from the RBI Group, but strategically integrated in the RBI 
Group's operations with steering influences received in virtue of the ownership position. As such, material 
changes in the strategy at the RBI Group level can result in changes with regards to steering direction at 
the Issuer level. Also, the Issuer represents the RBI Group within the local market, thus any perceived 
adverse effect at the RBI Group level may have an adverse effect on the Issuer. 
4. 
TREND INFORMATION 
4.1 
Material adverse changes in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements 
Since 31 December 2023, there have been no material adverse changes in the prospects of the Issuer. 
4.2 
Significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published 
Since 31 December 2023, there have been no significant changes in the financial performance of the 
Group to the date of this Prospectus. 
4.3 
Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are 
reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Issuer's prospects for at least the current financial 
year 
The Issuer has identified the following trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are 
reasonably likely to have a material effect on its prospects for at least the current financial year: 
• 
The ongoing military conflict in Ukraine, near the Romanian borders, triggers the need for the 
Issuer's management to constantly monitor and reassess the business and financial perspectives. 
The main areas of change from normal business assumptions are related to the pace of economic 
growth, which is likely to be lower due to the impact of the conflict on the markets, which in turn

--- Page 60 ---
Page 60 
may also impede the intensity of the lending business, savings and transactional activity across 
the banking sector. Persistently high inflation rates and elevated market interest rates may result 
in higher operational expenses as well as higher interest revenues and higher cost of funds for 
the Issuer, while at the same time affecting consumer sentiment and possibly also the ability of 
some clients to repay their loans. 
• 
Continuing increasing regulatory requirements. 
The regulatory requirements (as implemented by the CRR, CRD IV, BRRD and SRMR) and the 
envisaged amendments to these regulatory requirements (in particular due to the EU Banking 
Package 2021 including the Basel III reforms as well as the review of the CMDI framework (for 
further details see also in the section Risk Factors under 1.3. "The Issuer is subject to substantial 
regulation and supervision. Any new governmental or regulatory requirement and/or any 
change in perceived levels of adequate capitalisation and leverage could subject the Issuer to 
increased capital requirements and an increased minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities ("MREL") and require the Issuer to obtain additional capital or liquidity in 
the future.")), as well as any stress tests conducted by the competent authorities, will likely result 
in increased requirements for the Issuer, – in particular on its capital and liquidity planning – 
which may restrict the Issuer's margin and potential for growth. 
A turnover tax for banks in Romania has been introduced starting 2024. The banking tax is 
calculated based on a 2% annual rate applied to the turnover of the Issuer. This change was 
proposed within the Romanian Tax Code stipulating a tax of 2% on the banks' turnover for two 
years (2024-2025), followed by a tax of 1% starting in 2026. 
• 
General trends regarding the financial services industry. 
The trends and uncertainties having an impact on the financial sector in general and consequently 
also on the Issuer continue to be affected by the military conflict in Ukraine, the re-emergence 
of the conflict in the Gaza Strip and Israel with an acute risk of a widening of the conflict, an 
environment of elevated interest rates due to persistently high inflation, as well as financial 
market concerns that have emerged with the failure of a number of U.S. and European banks. 
The financial sector as a whole, but in particular also the Issuer, is affected by the economic 
impact from and related uncertainties about the military conflict in Ukraine, the conflict in the 
Gaza Strip and Israel as well as the post-COVID economic development, interruptions in the 
global production chains, high materials, food and energy prices and as a result persistently high 
inflation rates, elevated interest rates and increased volatility on the financial markets. Thus, the 
Issuer will not be able to escape the effects of corporate insolvencies, deteriorations in the 
creditworthiness of borrowers and valuation uncertainties. Although the ECB has increased its 
key interest rates, the still lower interest rate level in the Euro area against higher interest rate 
levels in the U.S., in CEE and in other countries could affect the behaviour of investors and 
clients alike, which may lead to reduced fee income and/or pressure on the interest rate spread. 
Furthermore, an increase in the funding spread of the Issuer caused by the military conflict in 
Ukraine may influence both, the liability and the asset side, and make the Issuer less competitive. 
Though the recent upward trend in interest rates creates a positive backdrop for the net interest 
income of the banking sector, as assets are generally repricing faster than liabilities, this effect 
might be more than offset by lower amounts of customer borrowings, higher risk costs, as well 
as negative mark-to-market of securities held at fair value through profit or loss or through other 
comprehensive income. As regards the Romanian banking sector in particular, its balance sheet 
is structurally healthy with its loans-to-deposits ratios remaining low in total, both for the 
RON segment and the Foreign Currency ("FCY") segment. Furthermore, the profitability of the 
Romanian banking sector was elevated in recent years, and the Romanian banking sector is well 
capitalized at present. The Non-Performing Loans ("NPL") ratio in the Romanian banking sector 
was on a decreasing trend in 2022 and slightly decreasing in 2023 (amounting to 2.33% in 
December 2023). The Romanian banking sector has capital and liquidity resources to support 
lending expansion, but also to cope with potential adverse financial and economic conditions. 
Lastly, a reversal of the elevated interest rate environment and a return to a low interest rate 
environment could affect the behaviour of investors and customers alike, which may lead to 
weaker fee income for the Issuer and/or pressure on the interest rate spread.

--- Page 61 ---
Page 61 
5. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
5.1 
Members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer 
The Issuer is managed in a two-tier management system consisting of the management board (the 
"Management Board") and the supervisory board (the "Supervisory Board"). 
The members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board may be contacted at the Issuer's 
business address at 246D Calea Floreasca, FCC Office Building, Bucharest 1st District, Romania. 
The Supervisory Board and the Management Board 
The two-tier management system allows for the segregation of the Issuer's management responsibilities 
– carried out by the Management Board – from the responsibilities of control/supervision that are fulfilled 
by the Supervisory Board. The dual management system ensures the operational decision-making process 
to become efficient, while increasing control over the decision makers. 
The Supervisory Board exercises an ongoing control over the Issuer's current management activity 
conducted by the Management Board. The Supervisory Board consists of 9 members appointed by the 
shareholders' meeting within four-year mandates, being possible to be re-elected for additional mandates. 
The Management Board ensures the managing of the Issuer's current business and it consists of 
7 members appointed by the Supervisory Board for mandates of up to 4 years, with the possibility of 
being re-appointed for additional time periods. 
At the date of this Prospectus, the current members of the Supervisory Board and the Management Board 
listed below hold the following additional supervisory board mandates or similar functions in various 
companies as of the date of this Prospectus. 
The current members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board listed below hold the 
following additional supervisory board mandates or similar functions in various companies as of the date 
of this Prospectus. 
Member 
Major functions outside the Issuer 
(functions within the Issuer's Group are marked with *) 
Members of the Issuer's Management Board 
Zdenek Romanek 
(Chairman) 
Management Board function 
• 
Council of Banking Employers in Romania (Member) 
Vladimir Nikolov Kalinov 
(Vice-president) 
Management Board functions 
• 
Raiffeisen Leasing IFN S.A., Bucharest, Romania 
(Chairman)* 
• 
Biroul de Credit S.A., Bucharest, Romania (Member) 
• 
Raiffeisen Rent S.R.L (Member) 
Supervisory Board function 
• 
Aedificium Banca pentru Locuinte S.A., Bucharest 
Romania (Member)*

--- Page 62 ---
Page 62 
Member 
Major functions outside the Issuer 
(functions within the Issuer's Group are marked with *) 
Cristian Marius Sporiș 
(Vice-president) 
Management Board function 
• 
American Chamber of Commerce in Romania, 
Bucharest, Romania (Chairman) 
• 
Raiffeisen Rent S.R.L (Member) 
Iancu Mircea Busuioceanu 
(Vice-president) 
Management Board function 
• 
Romanian Banking Association (Member) 
• 
Raiffeisen Rent S.R.L (Member) 
Nicolae Bogdan Popa 
(Vice-president) 
Supervisory Board function 
• 
Regional Card Processing Centre, s.r.o., Bratislava, 
Slovakia (Member)* 
Mihail -Catalin Ion 
(Vice-president) 
None. 
Alina Rus 
(Vice-president) 
Management Board function 
• 
Association Diversity Chamber of Commerce (Member) 
Members of the Issuer's Supervisory Board 
Johann Strobl 
(Chairman) 
Supervisory Board functions 
• 
Raiffeisenbank a.s., Prague, Czech Republic (Member)* 
• 
Tatra banka, a.s., Bratislava, Slovakia (Vice-Chairman)* 
• 
UNIQA Insurance Group AG, Vienna, Austria (Second 
Vice-Chairman)* 
• 
UNIQA Österreich Versicherungen AG, Vienna, Austria 
(Member)* 
• 
Österreichische Raiffeisen-Sicherungseinrichtung eGen, 
Vienna, Austria (Member)* 
Management Board functions 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Vienna, Austria 
(Chairman)* 
• 
Raiffeisen 
Kooperations 
eGen, 
Vienna, 
Austria 
(Member)*

--- Page 63 ---
Page 63 
Member 
Major functions outside the Issuer 
(functions within the Issuer's Group are marked with *) 
Hannes Mösenbacher 
(Deputy Chairman) 
Supervisory Board functions 
• 
Raiffeisen Digital Bank AG, Vienna, Austria (Vice-
Chairman)* 
• 
Raiffeisenbank a.s., Prague, Czech Republic (Member)* 
• 
Tatra banka, a.s., Bratislava, Slovakia (Member)* 
• 
Österreichische Raiffeisen-Sicherungseinrichtung eGen, 
Vienna, Austria (Member)* 
Management Board functions 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Vienna, Austria 
(Member)* 
• 
Raiffeisen Kundengarantiegemeinschaft Österreich, 
Vienna, Austria (Chairman)* 
Andreas Gschwenter 
Supervisory Board functions 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank Zrt., Budapest, Hungary (Chairman)* 
• 
Tatra banka, a.s., Bratislava, Slovakia (Member)* 
• 
RSC Raiffeisen Service Center GmbH, Vienna, Austria 
(Vice-Chairman)* 
• 
Raiffeisen 
Informatik 
Geschäftsführungs 
GmbH, 
Vienna, Austria (Vice-Chairman)* 
• 
Österreichische Raiffeisen-Sicherungseinrichtung eGen, 
Vienna, Austria (Member)* 
• 
Raiffeisen Digital Bank AG, Vienna, Austria (Member)* 
Management Board function 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Vienna, Austria 
(Member)* 
Claudia Pendred 
(Independent member) 
Supervisory Board functions 
• 
MAS PLC, Ta' Xbiex, Malta (Member) 
• 
GED Eastern fund II, Private Equity Fund, focused on 
Romania, Madrid, Spain (Member) 
• 
Zagreb Airport International Company (ZAIC-A 
Limited), Zagreb, Croatia (Member)

--- Page 64 ---
Page 64 
Member 
Major functions outside the Issuer 
(functions within the Issuer's Group are marked with *) 
Andrii Stepanenko 
Supervisory Board functions 
• 
Raiffeisen 
Digital 
Bank 
AG, 
Vienna, 
Austria 
(Chairman)* 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank JSC, Kyiv, Ukraine (Vice-Chairman)* 
• 
Raiffeisenbank a.s., Prague, Czech Republic (Member)* 
• 
Tatra banka, a.s., Bratislava, Slovakia (Chairman)* 
• 
Kathrein Privatbank Aktiengesellschaft, Vienna, Austria 
(Chairman)* 
• 
Raiffeisen Kapitalanlage-Gesellschaft m.b.H., Vienna, 
Austria (Vice-Chairman)* 
• 
Raiffeisen Bausparkasse Gesellschaft m.b.H., Vienna, 
Austria (Chairman)* 
• 
Raiffeisen banka a.d., Belgrade, Serbia (Member)* 
Management Board function 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Vienna, Austria 
(Member)* 
Lukasz Janusz Januszewski 
Supervisory Board functions 
• 
Raiffeisen Digital Bank AG, Vienna, Austria (Member)*  
• 
Raiffeisen Kapitalanlage-Gesellschaft m.b.H., Vienna, 
Austria (Chairman)* 
• 
Raiffeisenbank 
a.s., 
Prague, 
Czech 
Republic 
(Chairman)* 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank JSC, Kyiv, Ukraine (Chairman)* 
Management Board function 
• 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Vienna, Austria 
(Member)* 
Pedro Miguel Weiss 
(Independent member) 
Supervisory Board functions 
• 
FINCA UK, London, United Kingdom (Chairman) 
• 
Cypet Technologies Ltd, Nicosia, Cyprus (Chairman) 
• 
Hellas Direct HD Insurance Ltd, Nicosia, Cyprus 
(Member) - subject to approval by the Cypriot regulatory 
authority

--- Page 65 ---
Page 65 
Member 
Major functions outside the Issuer 
(functions within the Issuer's Group are marked with *) 
Mihaela Cristina Mitroi 
(Independent member) 
Supervisory Board functions 
• 
Aedificium banca pentru locuinte, Bucharest, Romania 
Administrator functions 
• 
Skioni Holding S.R.L., Bucharest, Romania 
• 
Global Tax and Business Advisory S.R.L., Bucharest, 
Romania 
• 
GTA Financial Consultants S.R.L., Bucharest, Romania 
• 
GTA Accounting S.R.L., Iasi, Romania 
 
5.2 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory bodies' Potential Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer is not aware of any undisclosed respectively unmanaged conflicts of interest between the 
obligations of the Issuer's Supervisory Board members and/or the Management Board members and their 
private or other interests. 
In addition, the Issuer has internal provisions pursuant to the NBR regulation no 5/2013 regarding the 
prudential requirements for credit institutions as well as compliance rules (taking into account respective 
Romanian legal provisions as well as the EBA's Guidelines for internal governance (EBA/GL/2017/11)), 
the Joint ESMA and EBA Guidelines on the assessment of suitability of members of the management 
body and key function holders. 
No potential conflict of interests exists in respect of any member of the Management Board or 
Supervisory Board between his duties to the Issuer and his private or other duties. Members of the 
Management Board or Supervisory Board may enter into business transactions with the RBI Group in the 
ordinary course of business on an arm's length basis. 
The Issuer has in place dedicated conflict of interest policies ("COI Policies") for both its staff and the 
Management Board and Supervisory Board. The Management Board and Supervisory Board are 
responsible for the establishment, approval and oversight of effective implementation of COI Policies. 
The Issuer is monitoring conflicts of interest in order to prevent any conduct that could negatively impact 
its clients and partners. The internal COI Policies are intended to effectively identify, assess, manage and 
mitigate or prevent actual and potential conflicts of interest, including those related to financial services 
performed by the Issuer as well as regarding the private, personal interests of the members of the 
Management Board and Supervisory Board, which could negatively influence the fulfilment of their 
duties and responsibilities. 
The internal COI Policies require staff and members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board 
to immediately report any situation that could result in a conflict of interest. This could be stemming, 
among others, from close relationships, supplementary jobs, events participations, gifts, invitations and 
trades with financial instruments. Conflicts of interest could as well arise in relation to corruption, fraud 
and market abuse. 
Where conflicts of interest arise, the Issuer assesses their materiality and takes appropriate mitigation 
measures. 
With respect to policies applied to the Management Board and Supervisory Board, members of the 
Management Board and Supervisory Board who intend to accept positions as members of the supervisory 
board, executive board or directors/administrator positions in entities outside the RBI Group must seek 
prior approval of the Issuer's Supervisory Board. The preliminary approval granted by the Issuer's

--- Page 66 ---
Page 66 
Supervisory Board is also required in cases where members of the management bodies intend to engage 
in other activities on their own, on behalf of a third party or associate with other companies as a 
partner/manager. 
The appointment to the aforementioned positions is made with prior approval from the Issuer's 
compliance directorate (the "Compliance Directorate"). 
The Compliance Directorate is responsible for assessing potential conflicts of interests related to members 
of the Management Board and Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board acts as the final decision-
maker and is in charge of accepting the inherent risks resulting from the implementation of proposed 
mitigation measures (and/ or residual occurring from the respective conflict of interest). 
Based on the information available to the Issuer at the date of this Prospectus, there is no conflict between 
the duties of the Issuer's administrative, management and supervisory bodies concerning the Issuer and 
their private interests and/or other duties. 
Insofar as new situations of conflicts of interest arise, the persons concerned will fully comply with the 
applicable legal and internal provisions addressing conflicts of interest. 
6. 
SHARE CAPITAL AND MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
6.1 
Share capital of the Issuer 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer's nominal share capital amounts to RON 1,200,000,000 and 
is fully subscribed and paid. It is divided into 12,000 nominative, dematerialised shares, each having a 
nominal value of RON 100,000 and granting equal voting rights. The shares in the Issuer are not listed 
on any market. 
6.2 
Shareholders of the Issuer 
The Issuer is majority-owned by Raiffeisen SEE Region Holding GmbH ("RSRH"), an Austrian 
company with limited liability, registered with Commercial Court of Vienna under number FN 255194 
k, with its registered seat at Am Stadtpark 9,1030 Vienna, Austria, which holds 99.95%. of the Issuer's 
share capital as of the date of this Prospectus. RSRH is indirectly held by RBI (100%). The remaining 
shares of the Issuer are owned by two legal entities (in total 2 shares, representing 0.02% of the share 
capital of the Issuer) and three natural persons (in total 4 shares, representing 0.03% of the share capital 
of the Issuer). 
As mentioned above, the majority voting rights in the Issuer is held directly by RSRH and indirectly by 
RBI. Hence, RSRH exercises direct control over the Issuer through the majority of voting rights and, 
implicitly, through the right to appoint most of the members in the Supervisory Board. 
Notwithstanding the control relationship between the Issuer and RSRH, the applicable Romanian 
legislation as well as the internal by-laws of the Issuer prevent the controlling shareholder from exercising 
its rights in an abusive manner; in particular: (i) the transactions and relationships in place between the 
Issuer and its controlling shareholder comply with the arm's length principle and are entered into on a 
normal commercial basis; (ii) the control is not exercised against the interests of the Issuer; (iii) each 
share issued by the Issuer grants equal rights to any holder thereof; and (iv) misuse of corporate assets is 
strictly prohibited under the applicable corporate laws and internal regulations. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, there are measures, like applicable corporate governance 
regulations, to ensure that such control over the Issuer is not abused. 
The source of the abovementioned information is internal data. 
6.3 
Arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Issuer 
At the date of this Prospectus, there are no arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which 
may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Issuer.

--- Page 67 ---
Page 67 
7. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
The Issuer is involved and has been involved in the twelve months preceding the date of this Prospectus 
in certain legal, governmental or arbitration proceedings before various courts and governmental agencies 
arising in the ordinary course of business involving contractual and other matters. 
The following is a description of the most significant proceedings in which the Issuer is currently involved: 
(a) 
The litigation between ABL and the Romanian Court of Auditors. 
The Romanian Court of Auditors claimed that several deficiencies were identified and that 
conditions for payment by ABL of the state premiums on savings have not been met. ABL 
initiated a court dispute against the findings of the Romanian Court of Auditors, and in 
November 2020, lost the trial. During 2022, ABL used a legal provision allowing entities to pay 
debts towards the state (principal) and be exonerated from payment of accessories. ABL has 
calculated the prejudice and paid the principal (RON 115 million) and filed for fiscal amnesty of 
accessories (RON 151 million). 
The Romanian Ministry of Development, Public Works and Administration ("MADLP") has 
denied the request for amnesty and the ABL has disputed the denial in court and won on the 
merits. MADLP disputed the first court decision. In December 2022, MADLP has issued a title 
and asked ABL to pay also the penalties within 30 days. ABL disputed the payment request both 
at the ministry level and in court and also filed a motion in court, to ask for a suspension of the 
payment request, given that ABL considers that amnesty should have been granted. The 
suspension has been won by ABL on merits. At the date of this Prospectus, the proceedings are 
still ongoing and the next court hearing is scheduled for May 2024. 
(b) 
Order no. 837 dated 20 October 2017 received from the ANPC. 
ANPC has issued an order for the Issuer to stop its alleged practice of not informing its customers 
about future changes in the interest rate charged to the customers. 
The Issuer disputed the order in court, but finally lost. The Issuer implemented the order by 
reimbursing the amounts to affected consumers. Based on the latest calculations, as of 31 
December 2023, the remaining amounts to be paid are RON 16.1 million representing amounts 
to be paid after identifying the payment details of the customers who no longer have accounts 
opened with the Issuer. 
(c) 
In the period from December 2017 to May 2019, the Issuer had been subject to a fiscal audit 
from ANAF. The object of the audit was income tax (for the period 2011 to 2016) and 
withholding tax (for the period 2013 to 2016). 
The Issuer has paid the additional tax liabilities resulted from the fiscal audit, however, it has 
assessed that the amounts in respect of tax liabilities are recoverable and continued the legal 
procedures for the recovery of the remaining amounts. 
The amounts receivable from the tax audit are presented under two balance sheet positions: 
"other assets" (the part representing withholding taxes and related penalties) and "income tax 
receivable" (the part representing income tax and related penalties). As of 31 December 2023, 
the amount reflected under other assets is RON 93,606 thousand (31 December 2022: RON 
85,383 thousand) and the correspondent provision is RON 85,431 thousand (31 December 2022: 
RON 53,985 thousand). As of 31 December 2023, the amount reflected under income tax 
receivable is RON 143,246 thousand (31 December 2022: RON 130,129 thousand) and the 
correspondent provision is RON 93,784 thousand (31 December 2022: RON 56,280 thousand). 
(d) 
Order no. 280 dated 9 July 2014 ("Order no. 280") and Order no. 234 of 3 September 2021, 
received from the ANPC ("Order no. 234"). 
On July 2014, the ANPC issued Order no. 280 which contains a decision requesting the Issuer 
to stop the incorrect practice of including the administration fee in the bank's margin, at the 
implementation of the restructuring acts. The Issuer was further sanctioned for not implementing 
the ANPC Order no. 280. Subsequently, the ANPC issued Order no. 234, which ordered the

--- Page 68 ---
Page 68 
application of the additional sanction of suspending the activity of the Issuer with regard to the 
unfair commercial practice consisting in the unilateral decision of the Issuer to increase the 
margins of the interest component at the time of loan restructuring, by introducing the 
management fee, which the Issuer expressly waived by the additional acts signed with the clients, 
and to refund the amounts incorrectly collected from the consumers. Against the order the Issuer 
filed an action for annulment, which is suspended until the resolution of the appeal against the 
minutes issued by the ANPC, an action which was won by the Issuer, and the ANPC filed an 
appeal (there is no deadline set for the appeal). 
Also, the Bucharest Court of Appeal ordered the suspension of the execution of Order no. 234, 
until the resolution of the action to cancel the order, a decision that was not appealed by the 
ANPC. 
At the end of 2023, the existing provisions have been derecognized (RON 34.2 million), as there 
are no material risks associated with these proceedings any longer. 
Save as disclosed in this section "7. Legal and Arbitration Proceedings" and based on the Issuer's and 
the Group's current assessment of the facts and legal implication, there are no other governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) during the twelve months prior to the date of this Prospectus, which may have, or have 
had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
8. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE GROUP 
Save as disclosed in section "4.3 Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, 
commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Issuer's prospects 
for at least the current financial year", there has been no significant change in the financial position of 
the Group since 31 December 2023. 
9. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries have not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of 
business which could result in any member of the Issuer's Group being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to holders of the Notes. 
10. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
If and to the extent information contained in this Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time, has been 
sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that to the best of its knowledge this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information 
published by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
11. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
This Prospectus, any supplements hereto and the documents incorporated herein by reference are 
available on the Issuer's website (www.raiffeisen.ro) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). The day of such first publication is deemed to be the valid day of 
publication. 
This Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of its approval. For the period of 
validity of this Prospectus all documents mentioned above and Issuer's articles of association 
(the "Articles of Association") are available free of charge at the Issuer's registered office and on the 
Issuer's website (www.raiffeisen.ro). 
The Issuer's Articles of Association can be inspected under www.raiffeisen.ro/despre-noi/guvernanta-
corporativa/. 
The Sustainability Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion may be obtained from the Issuer's 
website (https://www.raiffeisen.ro/despre-noi/guvernanta-corporativa/detinatori-de-obligatiuni/).

--- Page 69 ---
Page 69 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Selected financial information 
The selected financial information is extracted from the consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2023 
and of 31 December 2022 and is to be read in conjunction with these financial statements. The Annual 
Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with Order no. 27/2010 of the 
NBR and subsequent amendments, which require that these consolidated financial statements are prepared in 
accordance with IFRS. The Annual Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements have been audited by the 
independent auditor. 
The Group's accounting policies applied in preparing the Annual Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements 
are described in Note 3 to the Annual Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements. 
Where: 
"Annual Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements" means the Group's audited consolidated and 
separate financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 that include the comparative figures for the 
year ended 31 December 2022, prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
Selected historical key financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the year ended 
31 December 2022: 
 
The Group 
The Issuer 
in RON thousands 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
Total liabilities and equity 
70,777,847 
62,589,756 
70,157,658 
62,012,749 
Total equity 
7,628,177 
6,453,972 
7,468,769 
6,275,977 
 
 
The Group 
The Issuer 
in RON thousands 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
Net interest income 
2,820,929 
2,400,353 
2,778,312 
2,355,694 
Net result for the period 
1,700,767 
1,256,230 
1,719,490 
1,234,695 
Net result attributable to 
non-controlling interests 
1 
2 
- 
- 
Net result attributable to 
owners of the parent 
1,700,766 
1,256,228 
1,719,490 
1,234,695 
Source: Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.

--- Page 70 ---
Page 70 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
1. 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular 
Tranche of the Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions of the relevant Notes will result from the choice 
of a set of Terms and Conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") (each such set of Terms and Conditions 
an "Option") as set forth below and from the provisions of the Final Terms, as set out and described in 
more detail below. 
1.1 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
This Prospectus provides for various sets of Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms enable the Issuer to 
choose among the following Options: 
• 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Ordinary Senior Notes. 
• 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Subordinated Notes. 
• 
Option III – Terms and Conditions for Eligible Notes. 
1.2 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
• 
The Final Terms shall determine by the choice of the set of Terms and Conditions (Option I, 
Option II or Option III) and the complete replication of all applicable selections and the 
completion of the relevant placeholders contained in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, 
which Option and which selections shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. The 
replicated and completed provisions of the respective Option plus Part II of the Final Terms shall 
constitute the Conditions of the Notes, which will be attached to each Global Note representing 
the Notes. 
• 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which set of Terms and Conditions (Option I, 
Option II or Option III) shall be applicable and which selections within the chosen Option are 
applicable to the individual issue by only referring to the specific sections of the relevant Option. 
The Final Terms will then specify that the provisions of Part I of the Form of Final Terms and 
the relevant Option, taken together with Part II of the Form of the Final Terms, shall constitute 
the Conditions. Each Global Note representing any Notes will have the Final Terms and the 
relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus attached. 
1.3 
Choice of Options 
The Final Terms shall determine in the first step which of Option I, Option II or Option III shall be 
applicable to the individual issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I, Option II 
or Option III contains certain further sub-options (characterised by indicating the optional provision 
through instructions and explanatory notes set out in the square brackets within the text of the relevant 
Option) as well as placeholders (characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) 
which, based on the features determined for the concrete issue, will be determined by the Final Terms as 
follows: 
• 
Determination of selections 
The Issuer will determine which selections will be applicable to the individual issue either by 
replicating the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the 
sections of the relevant Option. If the Final Terms do not replicate or refer to an alternative or 
optional provision the relevant provisions shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.

--- Page 71 ---
Page 71 
• 
Completion of placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant Option 
will be completed. In case of replication of the applicable provisions the placeholders will be 
completed at the relevant place in the respective Option. In case the provisions of the Final Terms 
and the relevant Option, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant Option shall 
be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such 
information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets and not 
chosen in the relevant Option and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be 
deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
• 
Deletion of Options and placeholders in the Final Terms 
When preparing the Final Terms the Issuer may, in the case that the Final Terms together with 
the relevant Option represent the Conditions, delete not chosen or filled in placeholders or, as 
the case may be, provisions that are not applicable for reasons of readability.

--- Page 72 ---
Page 72 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for three options: 
• 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Ordinary Senior Notes. 
• 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Subordinated Notes. 
• 
Option III comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Eligible Notes. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further sub-options, which are 
characterised accordingly by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory 
notes set out in square brackets within the Option. 
In the Final Terms, the Issuer will determine which of Option I, Option II or Option III including certain further 
sub-options contained therein, shall apply with respect to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the 
relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
To the extent that upon the approval of this Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge of certain items which are 
applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square brackets which 
include the relevant items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
In case the options applicable to an individual issue are to be determined by referring in the Final Terms to 
the relevant options contained in the set of Terms and Conditions for Option I, Option II or Option III, insert: 
• 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the terms of the final 
terms which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; 
alternative or optional provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which the corresponding provisions 
of the Final Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and 
Conditions; and all provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the Notes 
(including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. 
Copies of the Final Terms may be obtained by Holders upon written request free of charge, either 
electronically or at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the registered office of the Issuer subject 
to the provisions of proof of holding the Notes in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer as 
the case may be.

--- Page 73 ---
Page 73 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ORDINARY SENIOR NOTES 
OPTION I - TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ORDINARY SENIOR NOTES 
§ 1 
Definitions 
"Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System is operational 
[if the Specified Currency is EUR or if T2 is needed for other reasons, insert: as well as the real-time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system (T2)] [if the Specified Currency is not 
EUR or if needed for other reasons, insert: and commercial banks are open for business in and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres]]. 
"Clearing System" means [each of] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, ("CBL")] [and] [Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear")] [([CBL and Euroclear are each an][the] "ICSD" 
(International Central Securities Depositary) [and together the "ICSDs")]] [and] [Depozitarul Central SA as 
clearing system for the Notes listed at Bucharest Stock Exchange]. 
"Conditions" means these terms and conditions of the Notes as completed. 
"Holder" means any holder of a co-ownership interest or other beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
[In case of a Reference Interest Rate other than SOFR, insert: 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [[second] [insert other applicable number of days] Business Day prior 
to the [commencement] [end] of the relevant Interest Period.] [first day of the relevant Interest Period.] 
[[•] Business Day[s] prior to [the expiry] [the Coupon Date] of the relevant Interest Period.] 
"Reference Interest Rate" means the offered quotation for the [number]-month [EURIBOR] [ROBOR] [€STR] 
[insert other reference interest rate] which appears on the Screen Page as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant 
time] ([insert relevant time zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day]. 
"Screen Page" means [REUTERS Screen Page [EURIBOR01] [ROBOR=]] [insert Screen Page and additional 
information if necessary] or each successor page.] 
[For Compounded Daily €STR, insert: 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate for such 
Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, 
or any successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") in each case, 
on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the European Central Bank publishes guidance as to (i) how 
€STR is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace €STR, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving 
written instructions from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in 
order to determine €STR for the purpose of the Notes for so long as €STR is not available or has not been published 
by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Interest 
Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to such Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
[For EURIBOR or any other Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight reference rate, 
insert: 
If – other than in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined below) – the Screen Page is not available or if no 
such quotation appears as at such time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] [insert other

--- Page 74 ---
Page 74 
period]) for the Reference Interest Rate at approximately [11.00 a.m.] [insert relevant time] ([insert relevant time 
zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day]. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Reference Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one [thousandth][insert other rounding rules] of a 
percentage point, with [0.0005][insert other rounding rules] being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations[, 
however at least 0.00% per annum], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Reference Interest 
Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate [per annum] [insert other time period] which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one [thousandth] [insert other 
rounding rules] of a percentage point, with [0.0005][insert other rounding rules] being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated at the request of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two 
or more of them, at which such banks were offered, as at [11.00 a.m.][insert relevant time] ([insert relevant time 
zone]) on the relevant [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day], deposits in the Specified Currency 
for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the [insert financial centre] interbank market [in the Euro-
Zone] [, however at least 0.00% per annum]. 
If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions the Issuer will 
determine the Reference Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period at its equitable discretion according to § 317 
of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") and also having regard to the operational 
requirements of the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent of any determination made 
by it under these Conditions. 
"Reference Banks" means the offices of not less than [four] [insert other number] major banks in the [relevant] 
[insert relevant financial centre] interbank market [in the Euro-Zone] selected by the Issuer. 
Reference Interest Rate replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. If (i) a public statement or information 
has been published by the competent administrator of the Reference Interest Rate to the effect that the Reference 
Interest Rate has ceased to be representative or is no longer an industry-accepted rate for debt market instruments 
such as the Notes, or comparable instruments, (ii) a public statement or information has been published to the 
effect that the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate commences the orderly wind-down of the Reference 
Interest Rate or ceases the calculation and publication of the Reference Interest Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the publication of such statement or information, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Reference Interest Rate (iii) the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceedings (affecting the 
administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority, (iv) the competent 
authority for the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate withdraws or suspends the authorisation pursuant to 
Article 35 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmarks Regulation") or the recognition 
pursuant to Article 32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or requires the cessation of the endorsement pursuant to 
Article 33(6) of the Benchmarks Regulation, provided that, at the time of the withdrawal or suspension or the 
cessation of endorsement, there is no successor administrator that continues to provide the Reference Interest Rate 
and its administrator commences the orderly wind-down of the Reference Interest Rate or ceases to provide the 
Reference Interest Rate or certain maturities or certain currencies for which the Reference Interest Rate is 
calculated permanently or indefinitely; or (v) the Reference Interest Rate is otherwise discontinued or it becomes 
unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference Interest Rate for any other reason (each of 
the events in (i) through (v) a "Discontinuation Event"), the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced, on [the] 
[each] [relevant Interest Determination Date] [determine other day], by a rate determined or procured, as the case 
may be, by the Issuer (the "Successor Reference Interest Rate") according to the following paragraphs in the 
order of (I)-(III): 
(I) 
The Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is determined by any 
applicable law or regulation or announced by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, the 
competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the Reference 
Interest Rate and the source of which is accessible to the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall thereafter 
inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and, 
subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14. If, on any previous Interest Determination 
Date, the Successor Reference Interest Rate was also determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (I), no other publication obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with such Successor 
Reference Rate or any adjustments or changes made in relation thereto or relating to the determination of 
the [Rate of Interest] [or] [the] [Interest Amount][determine other rate or amount] as set out below;

--- Page 75 ---
Page 75 
(II) 
An Independent Adviser will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor reference 
rate that is most comparable to the Reference Interest Rate, provided that if the Independent Adviser 
determines that there is an industry accepted reference rate as being most comparable to the Reference 
Interest Rate, then the Independent Adviser will use such reference rate as successor reference rate (the 
"Successor Reference Rate") and determine which screen page or source shall be used in connection 
with such Successor Reference Rate (the "Successor Screen Page"). Provided that such Successor Screen 
Page is accessible to the Calculation Agent, any reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the date 
of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate on be read as a reference to the Successor Screen 
Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Independent Adviser will 
notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
about such determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 14. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Interest Rate with a Successor Reference 
Interest Rate in accordance with the above paragraphs (I) or (II) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may specify (i) an interest adjustment factor or fraction or spread (to 
be added or subtracted) which shall be applied to the Successor Reference Interest Rate, for the purpose 
of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the Reference Interest Rate 
before the Discontinuation Event occurred, and (ii) any further changes necessary for determining the 
Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest Amount in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Reference Interest Rate (such as the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day 
Convention, Business Days, the Interest Determination Dates, the method of calculating the Interest 
Amount). Thereafter, the Issuer shall inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14 (other 
than in the case set out in paragraph (I) above). 
(III) 
If the source of the successor rate for the Reference Interest Rate determined in accordance with the above 
paragraph (I) or the Successor Screen Page determined in accordance with the above paragraph (II) is not 
accessible to the Calculation Agent or if the Independent Adviser fails to determine the Successor 
Reference Rate at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and to notify the Calculation 
Agent or in the event that the Issuer, having used reasonable endeavours, fails to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or the period to determine a Successor Reference Interest Rate according to the provisions above 
was not sufficient, the Issuer will decide in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) and not less than 
3 Business Days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] relating to the [next 
succeeding Interest Period] [determine other event / day] (the "Procedures Determination Date"): 
[(a)] 
that the Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered quotation for the Reference Interest Rate 
which appeared on the Screen Page on the last day preceding the relevant Interest Determination 
Date on which such quotations were offered and shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes 
in accordance with § 14[.][; or 
(b) 
to redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, by giving not less than 20 days' notice in accordance 
with § 14, at the Final Redemption Amount (as defined below pursuant to § 6), together with 
interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such early redemption. 
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment 
Date] following the Procedures Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
the Final Redemption Amount. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the [Rate of Interest][Reference Interest Rate] applicable from 
the last [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] [determine other day] prior to the redemption date until 
(but excluding) the redemption date shall be the [Rate of Interest][Reference Interest Rate] applicable to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period.]] 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international standing or an independent 
financial adviser with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.]

--- Page 76 ---
Page 76 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
"Reference Interest Rate" means the offered quotation for the [number]-month SOFR which appears on the 
New York Federal Reserve's website as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([insert relevant time zone]) 
on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day]. 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve's website, in each case 
on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If SOFR is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time and, (1) unless the Issuer has confirmed to 
the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day applies for which SOFR was 
published on the New York Federal Reserve's website; or (2) if the Issuer has confirmed to the Calculation Agent 
that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as being the rate 
that was recommended as the replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a replacement 
for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other 
designated administrator), provided that, if no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer 
as having been recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if (i) references to SOFR were references to OBFR, (ii) references to 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day were references to New York Business Day, (iii) references to SOFR 
Index Cessation Event were references to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references to SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date were references to OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date; and provided further that, if 
no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as having been so recommended within one 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date and an OBFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date has occurred, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if (x) references to SOFR were references to FOMC 
Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. Government Securities Business Day were references to New York Business 
Day and (z) references to the New York Federal Reserve's website were references to the Federal Reserve's 
website. 
Where: 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [[second] [insert other applicable number of days] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end]1 of the relevant Interest Period.] [first day of the 
relevant Interest Period.] [[•] U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to [the expiry] [the Coupon Date] 
of the relevant Interest Period.] 
"FOMC Target Rate" means, the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the Federal Reserve's website or, if the Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single rate, 
the mid-point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee and published 
on the Federal Reserve's website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target range and 
the lower bound of the target range). 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
"New York Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks in New 
York are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency). 
"OBFR" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate in 
respect of the New York Business Day immediately preceding such Interest Determination Date as provided by 
 
1  
In case of SOFR interest determination in arrear, the Interest Determination Date shall not be less than five 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Coupon Date.

--- Page 77 ---
Page 77 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the 
New York Federal Reserve's website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Interest Determination Date. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), 
ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
may no longer be used. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the OBFR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish 
or provide OBFR; or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of OBFR 
that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap transactions. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate), 
ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate may no longer be used. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity prohibiting the use of the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, 
including existing swap transactions.] 
§ 2 
Currency, Denomination, Issue Date, Form, Custody 
(1) 
Currency – Denomination – Issue Date. This Series of notes (the "Notes") of Raiffeisen Bank S.A. 
(the "Issuer") is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the "Issue Date") in [insert Specified Currency] 
(the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [aggregate principal amount] 
(in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the denomination of [insert Specified 
Denomination2] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form. 
(a) 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(b) 
Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" or the "Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be 
 
2 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount 
in such other currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000.

--- Page 78 ---
Page 78 
signed by two duly authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note to be 
exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(b) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange – Permanent Global Note. 
(i) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global 
Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in 
the Specified Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" and, 
each a "Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each be signed by two duly authorised signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
(ii) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a 
date not earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such 
exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is 
not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding 
Notes through such financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any 
such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global 
Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 2(2). Any securities delivered in exchange 
for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States. For 
purposes of this subparagraph, "United States" means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands).] 
(3) 
Custody. The Global Note will be kept in safe keeping by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
[In the case that the Global Note is an NGN, insert: The Notes are issued in New Global Note form and 
are kept in safe keeping by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's 
interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by ICSD stating the principal 
amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
ICSD at that time. For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial early redemption of the 
Notes the outstanding redemption amount will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a nominal 
reduction or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs. 
On any redemption in respect of, or purchase by or on behalf of the Issuer and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the Global Note details of such redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) shall be entered by or on behalf of the Issuer in the records of the ICSDs.] 
[In the case that the Global Note is a CGN, insert: The Notes are issued in Classical Global Note form 
and are kept in safe keeping by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]

--- Page 79 ---
Page 79 
§ 3 
Status 
Status Ordinary Senior Notes. The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking in the event of normal insolvency proceedings (bankruptcy proceedings) 
(faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) of the Issuer pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer except for any instruments or obligations 
preferred by law.  
§ 4 
Interest 
[In case of Fixed Rate Notes, insert: 
(1) 
Rate of Interest, Interest Period[s]. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest based on their principal amount during the Interest Period[s] from 
(and including) [insert interest commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in 
case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in§ 6(1))]. 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in 
case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date][Maturity Date] 
[and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but 
each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following Coupon 
Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: next following 
Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
The rate of interest is [insert Rate of Interest]% per annum. 
(2) 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] in each year (each 
such date a "Coupon Date").] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the "Coupon Date").] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert 
last Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" means subject to § 5[(6)] (Business Day Convention) such Business Day, on 
which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
[In the case of short/long Interest Periods insert: The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended]. The [first Coupon Date is: [•]] [last Coupon Date is: [•]].] 
(3) 
Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of less than 
a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below).] 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
(1) 
Interest Period[s], Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. 
(a) 
Interest Period[s]. The Notes shall bear interest in arrear based on their principal amount during 
the Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period 
insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date 
(as defined in § 6(1))].

--- Page 80 ---
Page 80 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in 
case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] 
[and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Interest Payment Date] to (but 
each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following Coupon 
Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following 
Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] 
(each such date a "Coupon Date").] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the "Coupon 
Date").] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on 
[insert last Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" means subject to § 5[(6)] (Business Day Convention) such Business 
Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
[In the case of short/long Interest Period, insert: The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended]. The [first Coupon Date is: [insert first Coupon Date] ("First Coupon Date")] [last 
Coupon Date is: [insert last Coupon Date] ("Last Coupon Date")].] 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for [the][each] Interest Period will be, except 
as provided below, 
[For EURIBOR or another Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight 
reference rate, insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate [, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00% per annum, 
a Reference Interest Rate of 0.00% per annum will be applied,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, 
insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin, insert: 
[plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a 
percentage rate [per annum] [insert other time period].] 
[For Compounded Daily €STR: 
the Compounded Daily €STR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with the formula below on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] (as 
defined below) [, whereby a Compounded Daily €STR of 0.00% per annum will be applied, should such 
Compounded Daily €STR be below 0.00% per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, 
multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] 
[minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage 
rate [per annum] [insert other time period]. 
The Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Interest Rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the [fifth] [•] decimal place, with [0.000005] [•]% being rounded upwards: 
                [∏(1 + 𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation 
Method is observation shift: the Observation Period].

--- Page 81 ---
Page 81 
"BD" means a Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such Applicable Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day 
in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is "p" Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] Business Days (provided that "p" shall not be less 
than five Business Days without the prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such 
number is specified five Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable reference rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where lag is 
specified as the Observation Method: the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i".][otherwise: the 
relevant Business Day "i".]] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily SOFR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with the formula below on the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) [, whereby a 
Compounded Daily SOFR of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied, should such Compounded Daily 
SOFR be below 0.00 per cent per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied 
by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate per annum. 
The Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Interest Rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] ×
𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation 
Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest.

--- Page 82 ---
Page 82 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in such Applicable Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(provided that "p" shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days without the prior 
written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Interest Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where 
lag is specified as the Observation Method: the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i".][otherwise: the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i".]] 
[In the case of short/long first Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the First Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of short/long last Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Last Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)] 
["Factor" means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [•] Interest Period] 
as [+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
["Margin" means [for the [first] [•] Interest Period] [•] [for the [•] Interest Period [•]].] 
[(3)] 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest 
(the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period. The relevant Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below) to [the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes] [the Specified Denomination] and

--- Page 83 ---
Page 83 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded upwards. 
[(4)] 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, the Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange 
as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the [second] [•] Business 
Day prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest Period] [first day of the relevant Interest 
Period] [insert other date], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of 
the stock exchange on which the Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.] 
Each Interest Amount and each Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the 
Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange and to the Holders as soon as possible 
in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest[, the Interest Amount for each Interest Period,] 
[and] each Interest Period [and the relevant Interest Payment Date] 
(i) 
[to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange 
as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the [[•] Business Day 
prior to the expiry of the relevant Interest Period] [[the second] [•] Business Day prior to the 
[Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] of the [relevant] Interest Period] [insert other date], and] 
[(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange on 
the day which is two (2) Business Days after the end of the [Interest Determination Date] [specify 
other date], and] 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of 
the stock exchange on which the Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.]]] 
[In case of Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
(1) 
No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will not be any periodic payments of interest on the Notes. The 
Amortisation Yield[s] [is][are] [insert Amortisation Yield]. 
[In the case of different Amortisation Yields for individual Interest Periods, set forth applicable 
provisions (including fallback provisions) herein]]

--- Page 84 ---
Page 84 
[(5)]  
Accrual of Interest and Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
accrue on the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes from (and including) the due date to (but excluding) 
the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by law.1 
[(6)] 
Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"):  
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined below) 
during which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation Period will be the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in 
such Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year]; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the Calculation 
Period will be the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days 
in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year]; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any year to but 
excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, 
then such dates in the alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) (Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February 
 
1  
According to paragraphs 288(1) and 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB"), the 
default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published 
by Deutsche Bundesbank semi-annually.

--- Page 85 ---
Page 85 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30/360 
or Bond Basis).] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month) (30E/360 or Eurobond Basis).] 
[If 360/360, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with twelve 30-day months (360/360).] 
§ 5 
Payments 
(1) 
(a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal, and any additional amounts, in respect of the Notes 
shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
[In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes and any additional amounts shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary 
Global Note to be exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon 
due certification as provided in § 2(2)(b).] 
[(2)] 
[Payment Reference Date. Payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made to the Holders 
shown in the holders' registry as provided by the Clearing System, on the payment reference date 
(the "Payment Reference Date") which is to be determined as follows: 
(a) 
regarding payments due in case of acceleration, the date when any notice declaring the Notes 
due and payable is given by a Holder in accordance with § 10 and 
(b) 
in relation to any other payments on the Notes, at the close of business on the 15th calendar day 
before the due date for payment thereof (including the Maturity Date). Any person who acquires 
a Note between a Payment Reference Date and the corresponding due date for a payment of 
interest shall not be entitled to receive payment of interest on the Notes for the corresponding 
interest due date notwithstanding that such person is shown in the holders' registry on the relevant 
interest due date as the Holder of the Note. 
No Holder may transfer its Note(s) during the period from and including [in case of Notes admitted to 
trading on the spot regulated market or an alternative trading system operated by the Bucharest Stock 
Exchange insert: the second Business Day prior to] the Payment Reference Date immediately preceding 
the Maturity Date up to and including the Maturity Date.] 
[(3)] 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts 
due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the freely negotiable and convertible currency which on the 
respective due date is the currency of the country of the Specified Currency. 
[In the case of Notes not denominated in Euro, insert: 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the respective Payment Business Day is not available 
to it in such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons beyond its control or that the Specified 
Currency or any successor currency to it provided for by law (the "Successor Currency") is no longer

--- Page 86 ---
Page 86 
used for the settlement of international financial transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment obligations 
by making such payment in Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the respective 
Payment Business Day on the basis of the Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled to 
[further] interest or any other payment as a result thereof. The "Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be, 
(i) if available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for the Specified Currency or the Successor 
Currency determined and published by the European Central Bank for the most recent practicable date 
falling within a reasonable period (as determined by the Issuer in its equitable discretion) prior to the day 
on which the payment is made or, (ii) if such rate is not available, the foreign exchange rate of the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency against the Euro as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion.] 
[(4)] 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
[(5)] 
Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day, then the Holder, subject to subparagraph ([6]) shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place. Irrespective of the provisions regarding the Interest Period, 
the Holder shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any day which is a Business Day. 
[(6)] 
Business Day Convention. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Notes would fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day, payment of such amount shall be 
[if Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if FRN Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in 
the month which falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
§ 6 
Redemption 
(1) 
Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [in case of a specified Maturity Date 
insert such Maturity Date] [in case of a Redemption Month insert: the Interest Payment Date falling in 
[insert Redemption Month and Redemption Year]] (the "Maturity Date"). 
(2) 
Final Redemption Amount. 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at their principal amount, insert: 
The final redemption amount in respect of each Note shall be equal to its principal amount (the "Final 
Redemption Amount").] 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount other than the principal amount, insert: 
The final redemption amount in respect of each Note shall be [insert currency] [insert amount greater 
than or equal to the principal amount] for each Note (the "Final Redemption Amount").] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation insert: 
(3) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation.  
(a) 
The Notes may be declared repayable, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon 
not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent 
and, pursuant to § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing), to the Holders, at their Early

--- Page 87 ---
Page 87 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) [in case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes insert: 
together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption] if as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Romania or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties 
of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such 
laws or regulations (including relevant court decisions), which amendment or change is effective 
on or after the date on which the last tranche of this Series of Notes was issued, the Issuer is 
required to pay additional amounts [in case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes insert: on 
the immediately succeeding [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] (as defined in § 4)] [in case 
of Zero Coupon Notes insert: at maturity or upon the sale or exchange of any Note], and this 
obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer. 
(b) 
However, such early redemption may not occur (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such 
additional amounts does not remain in effect. [In case of Floating Rate Notes insert: The date 
fixed for early redemption must be [a Coupon Date] [an Interest Payment Date].] 
(c) 
Any such notice for early redemption shall be given to the Fiscal Agent and, pursuant to § 14 
(Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders. It shall be irrevocable and must specify 
the date fixed for redemption and the Early Redemption Amount. 
[In case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
(d) 
The Early Redemption Amount of a Note is equal to [the Final Redemption Amount pursuant to 
§ 6(2)] [insert other amount/rate] (the "Early Redemption Amount").] 
[In case of Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
(d) 
The Early Redemption Amount of a Note is equal to the Amortised Face Amount (the "Early 
Redemption Amount"). 
[(i)] 
[In the case of accrued interest being added: The amortised face amount ("Amortised 
Face Amount") of a Note shall be an amount equal to the sum of (x) [insert Reference 
Price] (the "Reference Price"), and (y) the product of the Amortisation Yield being 
[insert Amortisation Yield] (compounded annually) and the Reference Price from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which the Notes become due and payable.] 
[In the case of unaccrued interest being deducted: The amortised face amount 
("Amortised Face Amount") of a Note shall be the principal amount thereof adjusted 
for interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the date of final 
repayment by the Amortisation Yield, being [insert Amortisation Yield]. Such 
calculation shall be made on the assumption of an annual capitalisation of accrued 
interest.] 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year (the "Calculation Period") 
shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined in § 4). 
[(ii) 
If the Issuer fails to pay the Early Redemption Amount when due, the Amortised Face 
Amount of a Note shall be calculated as provided herein, except that references in 
subparagraph (i) above to the date fixed for redemption or the date on which such Note 
becomes due and repayable shall refer to the earlier of (x) the date on which upon due 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Note (if required), payment is made, and 
(y) the fourteenth day after notice has been given by the Fiscal Agent in accordance with 
§ 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) that the funds required for redemption 
have been provided to the Fiscal Agent.]]

--- Page 88 ---
Page 88 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(4)]  
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole or in part, upon giving not more than [60][•] [Business 
Days'] [days'] nor less than [30][•] [Business Days'] [days'] notice in accordance with 
subparagraph (f) below, on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the Call Redemption Amount[s] set 
forth below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the [respective] Call 
Redemption Date. 
(b) 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder insert: The Issuer is not 
entitled to exercise such option in respect of any Note which is subject to the prior exercise of 
the Holder's option to redeem such Note pursuant to subparagraph [(5)] of this § 6.] 
(c) 
"Call Redemption Date[s]" means [insert Call Redemption Date[s]]. 
(d) 
"Call Redemption Amount[s]" means [insert Call Redemption Amount[s] and corresponding 
Call Redemption Date[s]]. 
(e) 
[If the Notes are redeemed early only in part, the Notes to be redeemed are determined according 
to the rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form, the following 
applies: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial redemption the outstanding 
redemption amount will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in nominal 
amount or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
(f)  
Any notice of early redemption of the Notes shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and 
pursuant to § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders and shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes that is to be redeemed; 
(ii) 
a statement as to whether the Series is redeemed in whole or in part and in the latter case 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Date[s]; and 
(iv) 
the Call Redemption Amount[s] at which the Notes are redeemed.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount 
insert: 
[(5)] 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount. 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, upon giving not more than [60] [insert other 
number] [Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30] [insert other number] [Business Days'] [days'] prior 
notice to the Fiscal Agent and pursuant to § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders 
early and redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) together with interest 
(if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer, and in each case, 
cancelled.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder insert: 
[(6)]  
Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder. 
(a) 
Each Holder has the right to claim an early redemption of the Notes in whole or in part on the 
Optional Early Redemption Date[s] at the Optional Early Redemption Amount[s] pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (d), together with any interest accrued until the Optional Early Redemption Date 
(excluding). 
(b) 
The Holder is not entitled to exercise such option in respect of any Note which is subject to the 
prior exercise of the Issuer's option to redeem such Note pursuant to subparagraph [(4)] of this 
§ 6.

--- Page 89 ---
Page 89 
After a legally effective exercise of the relevant option by the Holder pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (e), the Issuer has to redeem the Notes on the Optional Early Redemption Date[s] 
at the Optional Early Redemption Amount[s], together with any interest accrued until the 
Optional Early Redemption Date[s] (excluding). 
(c) 
Optional Early Redemption Date[s]. "Optional Early Redemption Date[s]" means [insert 
Optional Early Redemption Date[s]]. 
(d) 
Optional Early Redemption Amount[s]. "Optional Early Redemption Amount[s]" means 
[insert Optional Early Redemption Date[s] and corresponding Optional Early Redemption 
Amount[s]]. 
(e) 
To exercise this option, the Holder shall notify the Fiscal Agent about the exercise of the option 
by way of notification in text form ("Exercise Notification") not less than [insert minimum 
notification period of at least 5 Business Days] and not more than [insert maximum notification 
period] days prior to the day on which the redemption shall occur according to the Exercise 
Notification. If the Exercise Notification is received on the last day of the notice period before 
the Optional Early Redemption Date after 5:00 p.m. Bucharest time, the exercise of the option is 
not effective. The Exercise Notification has to specify: (i) the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes regarding which the option is exercised and (ii) the security identification numbers of such 
Notes. The form in the English language available at the offices of the Fiscal Agent and the 
Paying Agent may be used for the purpose of the Exercise Notification. The exercise of the option 
is irrevocable. The Notes regarding which the option was exercised, will only be redeemed 
against delivery of the relevant Notes to the Issuer or its order.] 
[If Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder insert: 
[(6)]  
No Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder. The Holders do not have a right to demand an early 
redemption of the Notes.] 
[(7)]  
Rounding of Redemption Amounts. Redemption amounts are rounded to [insert number] decimals. 
§ 7 
Agents 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents (the "Agents") and their respective specified offices 
are: 
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent": 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
[other/further Fiscal/Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s)] 
["Calculation Agent": 
[The Fiscal Agent shall also act as Calculation Agent.] 
[insert name and address of Calculation Agent]] 
[Other Agents: [insert name and address of other Agents]] 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to change its respective specified office to some 
other specified office in the same country. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint another Fiscal Agent/Paying Agent or 
additional or other Agents in accordance with all applicable regulations. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of

--- Page 90 ---
Page 90 
immediate effect) after 10 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance 
with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing). 
(3) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Agents named above act solely as agent of the Issuer and do not have any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) 
Determinations Binding. All determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained under these Conditions by any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer and all other Agents/agents and the Holders. 
§ 8 
Taxation 
(1) 
Taxation. All amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be made by the Issuer free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by Romania or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. 
If such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer shall withhold or deduct from amounts 
payable in respect of the Notes to a Holder sufficient funds for the payment of any tax that it is required 
to withhold or deduct under Romanian law and shall not pay such additional amounts to the Holder in 
respect of such withholding or deduction. 
At least 5 Business Days prior to the relevant interest payment date, the Issuer will receive from the 
Holders through the relevant ICSD(s) and/or intermediaries and custodians via the Fiscal Agent 
information as regards the identity and residency for tax purposes of any Holder. On the basis of such 
information, the Issuer will determine the applicability of the withholding or deduction required by 
Romanian law. 
If such withholding or deduction is required by law and the Issuer withholds or deducts from amounts 
payable in respect of the Notes to a Holder the necessary funds for the payment of any tax that it is 
required to withhold or deduct under Romanian law, the Issuer shall (subject to the applicable law and 
upon the relevant Holder's request) provide that Holder with the relevant documents required for the 
Holder to request from the competent Romanian tax authority the certificate evidencing such withholding 
in Romania (certificatul de atestare a impozitului plătit de nerezident). 
Any endeavour to adjust the supplementary income tax paid or in order to obtain reimbursement of such 
supplementary income tax paid shall be incumbent on the Holder. 
For greater clarity, no additional amounts will be payable on account of any Taxes which: 
(a) 
are payable by any person (including the Issuer) acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Holder, or by the Issuer if no custodian bank or collecting agent is appointed or 
otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a withholding or deduction by the Issuer from 
payments of principal or distributions made by it; or 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or business connection 
with Romania; or 
(c) 
are withheld or deducted, if such payment could have been effected by another custodian bank 
or collecting agent without such withholding or deduction; or 
(d) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing), whichever occurs later; or 
(e) 
would not be payable if the Holder is able to avoid such a withholding or deduction providing a 
certificate of residence, certificate of exemption or any other similar documents. 
(2) 
FATCA Withholding. The Issuer will be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the 
rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by

--- Page 91 ---
Page 91 
another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA Withholding"). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional 
amounts or otherwise indemnify a Holder, beneficial owner or other intermediary for any such FATCA 
Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
§ 9 
Presentation Period 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") in relation to the Notes is reduced to ten years. 
§ 10 
Events of Default 
(1) 
Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare by notice its Notes due and demand immediate 
redemption thereof at the Final Redemption Amount (pursuant to § 6), [together with accrued interest (if 
any) to the date of repayment,] in the event that: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal [or interest] and any additional amounts on the Notes within 
15 days from the relevant due date, or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other material obligation arising under the Notes which 
failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such failure continues 
for more than 45 days after the Issuer has received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
(c) 
the Issuer ceases to effect payments in general or announces its inability to meet its financial 
obligations generally; or 
(d) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer and such proceedings are not dismissed 
or suspended within 60 days after the commencement thereof or the Issuer applies for or institutes 
such proceedings or offers or makes an arrangement for the benefit of its creditors generally; or 
(e) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation; provided that a (partial) spin-off, a spin-off for re-establishment, 
a reconstruction, merger, or other form of amalgamation with another company shall not be 
considered a liquidation to the extent that such other company assumes all obligations which the 
Issuer has undertaken in connection with the Notes. 
(2) 
Quorum, cure. In the events specified in § 10 (1)(b) any notice declaring the Notes due shall, unless at 
the time such notice is received any of the events specified § 10(1)(a),(1)(c), (1)(d) or (1)(e) entitling 
Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such notices from the Holders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then 
outstanding. The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
remedied before the right is exercised. 
(3) 
Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with the above mentioned 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a declaration in text form (Textform) in the English language 
to the Issuer and delivered to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that such Holder 
at the time of such notice is a Holder of the relevant Notes by means of a certificate of its Custodian (as 
defined in § 15(3)) or in other appropriate manner. 
§ 11 
Substitution 
The provisions in this § 11 do not apply in any case of succession by operation of law. 
(1) 
Substitution. The Issuer may, irrespective of § 10, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal [or of interest] on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the Issuer any company 
as principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising under or in connection with this Series of Notes 
(the "Substitute Debtor") provided that: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Notes; 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Substitute Debtor have obtained all necessary authorisations and the Substitute 
Debtor may transfer to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required hereunder and without being 
obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country

--- Page 92 ---
Page 92 
in which the Substitute Debtor has its domicile or tax residence, all amounts required for the 
fulfilment of the payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Holder in respect of such substitution; 
[(d) 
the rating of the long-term obligations of the Substitute Debtor is the same or better as the 
respective rating of the Issuer (confirmed by two rating agencies, for example S&P, Moody's or 
other similar agencies);] 
[(d) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder the payment of 
all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes on terms equivalent to the terms 
of a guarantee of the Issuer in respect of senior Notes as a contract for the benefit of the Holders 
as third party beneficiaries pursuant to § 328(1) BGB (German Civil Code)3;] 
(e) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each of the Issuer's and the 
Substitute Debtor's jurisdiction of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied, provided that an opinion with regard 
to subparagraph (c) shall not be delivered if the Substitute Debtor has contractually committed 
to pay any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on a Holder in respect of the 
substitution. 
(2) 
Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing). 
(3) 
Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the 
Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in 
which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to 
the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. 
[If § 11(1)(d) provides for the issuance of a guarantee: 
Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
(a) 
In § 8 and § 6 an alternative reference to Romania shall be deemed to have been included in 
addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor; and 
(b) 
in § 10(1)(c) to (e) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall be 
deemed to have been included in addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor.] 
(4) 
In the event of any such substitution, the Substitute Debtor shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and 
may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under the Notes with the same effect as if the Substitute 
Debtor had been named as the Issuer herein, and the Issuer (or any corporation which shall have 
previously assumed the obligations of the Issuer) shall be released from its liability as obligor under the 
Notes. 
(5) 
After a substitution pursuant to this § 11, the Substitute Debtor may, without the consent of Holders, 
effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in § 11 shall apply mutatis mutandis. [If 
§ 11(1)(d) provides for the issuance of a guarantee: In particular § 10(1)(d) shall remain applicable in 
relation to Raiffeisen Bank S.A.] References in these Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so 
requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further Substituted Debtor. 
 
3 
An English language translation of § 328 (1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) reads as 
follows: "A contract may stipulate performance for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party 
acquires the right directly to demand performance".

--- Page 93 ---
Page 93 
§ 12 
Amendment of these Conditions, Holders' Representative 
(1) 
Amendment of these Conditions. In accordance with §§ 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Debt Securities 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree with the 
Issuer on amendments of these Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution 
with the majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who 
are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously.  
(2) 
Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75% of the votes cast. Resolutions 
relating to amendments of these Conditions which are not material and which do not relate to the matters 
listed in § 5 paragraph 3 Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) 
Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. A meeting 
of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take place in the 
circumstances of § 18 paragraph 4 sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(4) 
Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) 
Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the principal 
amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) 
Holders' Representative. 
[If no Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The common representative 
(the "Holders' Representative") shall be [insert name and address of the Holders' Representative]. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual remuneration, 
unless the Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. 
To the extent that the Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, 
the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations 
of the Holders' Representative. 
[If § 11(1)(d) provides for the issuance of a guarantee:  
(7)  
Amendment of Guarantee. The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to any guarantee provided in relation to the Notes pursuant to § 11(1)(d).] 
§ 13 
Further Issues, Repurchases and Cancellation 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same Conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Repurchases. The Issuer may at any time repurchase Notes in any market or otherwise and at any price. 
Notes repurchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the 
Fiscal Agent for cancellation.

--- Page 94 ---
Page 94 
§ 14 
Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing 
[If Notes are not intended to be listed, insert: 
(1) 
Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
[If Notes are intended to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, insert: 
(1) 
Publication. As long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices concerning the 
Notes will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on www.LuxSE.com or such 
other website or other medium for the publication of notices as required in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuer will also publish notices on its website 
www.raiffeisen.ro. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on the day 
of such publication. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. If the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may make a publication referred to in § 14(1) by giving notice to the Clearing System for communication 
by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in § 14(1) above; any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(3)]  
Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in text form (Textform) in 
the English language. The notice must be accompanied by proof that such notifying Holder is holder of 
the relevant Notes at the time of the giving of such notice. Proof may be made by means of a certificate 
of the Custodian (as defined in § 15(3) (Final Provisions)) or in any other appropriate manner. So long 
as Notes are securitised in the form of a Global Note, such notice may be given by the Holder to the Fiscal 
Agent through the Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may 
approve for such purpose. 
§ 15 
Final Provisions 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
(2) 
Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Subject to §10, any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under the Notes 
on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, 
(b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of 
such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Global Note representing the 
Notes in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or 
a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the actual 
records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights 
under the Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the proceedings. 
(4) 
Language. These Conditions are written in the English language only.

--- Page 95 ---
Page 95 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SUBORDINATED NOTES 
OPTION II - TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SUBORDINATED NOTES 
§ 1 
Definitions 
"Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System is operational 
[if the Specified Currency is EUR or if T2 is needed for other reasons, insert: as well as the real-time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system (T2)] [if the Specified Currency is not 
EUR or if needed for other reasons, insert: and commercial banks are open for business in and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres]]. 
"Clearing System" means [each of] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, ("CBL")] [and] [Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear")] [([CBL and Euroclear are each an][the] "ICSD" 
(International Central Securities Depositary) [and together the "ICSDs"])] [and] [Depozitarul Central SA as 
clearing system for the Notes listed at Bucharest Stock Exchange]. 
"Conditions" means these terms and conditions of the Notes as completed. 
"Holder" means any holder of a co-ownership interest or other beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
[In case of a Reference Interest Rate other than SOFR, insert: 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [[second] [insert other applicable number of days] Business Day prior 
to the [commencement] [end] of the relevant [Floating] Interest Period.] [first day of the relevant [Floating] 
Interest Period.] [[•] Business Day[s] prior to [the expiry] [the [Floating] Coupon Date] of the relevant [Floating] 
Interest Period.] 
"Reference Interest Rate" means the offered quotation for the [number]-month [EURIBOR] [ROBOR] [€STR] 
[insert other reference interest rate] which appears on the Screen Page as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant 
time] ([insert relevant time zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day]. 
"Screen Page" means [REUTERS Screen Page [EURIBOR01] [ROBOR=]] [insert Screen Page and additional 
information if necessary] or each successor page.] 
[For Compounded Daily €STR, insert: 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate for such 
Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, 
or any successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") in each case, 
on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the European Central Bank publishes guidance as to (i) how 
€STR is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace €STR, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving 
written instructions from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in 
order to determine €STR for the purpose of the Notes for so long as €STR is not available or has not been published 
by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Interest 
Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to such Notes 
for the first [Floating] Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first [Floating] Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the [Interest Commencement Date][Interest 
Exchange Day].]

--- Page 96 ---
Page 96 
[For EURIBOR or any other Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight reference rate, 
insert: 
If – other than in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined below) – the Screen Page is not available or if no 
such quotation appears as at such time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] [insert other 
period]) for the Reference Interest Rate at approximately [11.00 a.m.] [insert relevant time] ([insert relevant time 
zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day]. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Reference Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one [thousandth][insert other rounding rules] of a 
percentage point, with [0.0005][insert other rounding rules] being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations[, 
however at least 0.00% per annum], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Reference Interest 
Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate [per annum] [insert other time period] which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one [thousandth] [insert other 
rounding rules] of a percentage point, with [0.0005][insert other rounding rules] being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated at the request of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two 
or more of them, at which such banks were offered, as at [11.00 a.m.][insert relevant time] ([insert relevant time 
zone]) on the relevant [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day], deposits in the Specified Currency 
for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the [insert financial centre] interbank market [in the Euro-
Zone][, however at least 0.00% per annum]. 
If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions the Issuer will 
determine the Reference Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period at its equitable discretion according to § 317 
of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") and also having regard to the operational 
requirements of the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent of any determination made 
by it under these Conditions. 
"Reference Banks" means the offices of not less than [four] [insert other number] major banks in the [relevant] 
[insert relevant financial centre] interbank market [in the Euro-Zone] selected by the Issuer. 
Reference Interest Rate replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. If (i) a public statement or information 
has been published by the competent administrator of the Reference Interest Rate to the effect that the Reference 
Interest Rate has ceased to be representative or is no longer an industry-accepted rate for debt market instruments 
such as the Notes, or comparable instruments, (ii) a public statement or information has been published to the 
effect that the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate commences the orderly wind-down of the Reference 
Interest Rate or ceases the calculation and publication of the Reference Interest Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the publication of such statement or information, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Reference Interest Rate (iii) the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceedings (affecting the 
administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority, (iv) the competent 
authority for the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate withdraws or suspends the authorisation pursuant to 
Article 35 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmarks Regulation") or the recognition 
pursuant to Article 32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or requires the cessation of the endorsement pursuant to 
Article 33(6) of the Benchmarks Regulation, provided that, at the time of the withdrawal or suspension or the 
cessation of endorsement, there is no successor administrator that continues to provide the Reference Interest Rate 
and its administrator commences the orderly wind-down of the Reference Interest Rate or ceases to provide the 
Reference Interest Rate or certain maturities or certain currencies for which the Reference Interest Rate is 
calculated permanently or indefinitely; or (v) the Reference Interest Rate is otherwise discontinued or it becomes 
unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference Interest Rate for any other reason (each of 
the events in (i) through (v) a "Discontinuation Event"), the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced, on [the] 
[each] [relevant Interest Determination Date] [determine other day], by a rate determined or procured, as the case 
may be, by the Issuer (the "Successor Reference Interest Rate") according to the following paragraphs in the 
order of (I)-(III) provided that the determination of any Successor Reference Interest Rate or Successor Reference 
Rate, and any other related changes to the Notes, shall be made in accordance with the relevant Capital Regulations 
(if applicable) and shall not prejudice qualification of the Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital for the purposes 
of and in accordance with the Capital Regulations:

--- Page 97 ---
Page 97 
(I) 
The Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is determined by any 
applicable law or regulation or announced by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, the 
competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the Reference 
Interest Rate and the source of which is accessible to the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall thereafter 
inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and, 
subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14. If, on any previous Interest Determination 
Date, the Successor Reference Interest Rate was also determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (I), no other publication obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with such Successor 
Reference Rate or any adjustments or changes made in relation thereto or relating to the determination of 
the [Rate of Interest] [or][the] [Interest Amount][determine other rate or amount] as set out below; 
(II) 
An Independent Adviser will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor reference 
rate that is most comparable to the Reference Interest Rate, provided that if the Independent Adviser 
determines that there is an industry accepted reference rate as being most comparable to the Reference 
Interest Rate, then the Independent Adviser will use such reference rate as successor reference rate (the 
"Successor Reference Rate") and determine which screen page or source shall be used in connection 
with such Successor Reference Rate (the "Successor Screen Page"). Provided that such Successor Screen 
Page is accessible to the Calculation Agent, any reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the date 
of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate on be read as a reference to the Successor Screen 
Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Independent Adviser will 
notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
about such determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 14. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Interest Rate with a Successor Reference 
Interest Rate in accordance with the above paragraphs (I) or (II) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may specify (i) an interest adjustment factor or fraction or spread (to 
be added or subtracted) which shall be applied to the Successor Reference Interest Rate, for the purpose 
of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the Reference Interest Rate 
before the Discontinuation Event occurred, and (ii) any further changes necessary for determining the 
Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest Amount in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Reference Interest Rate (such as the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day 
Convention, Business Days, the Interest Determination Dates, the method of calculating the Interest 
Amount). Thereafter, the Issuer shall inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14 (other 
than in the case set out in paragraph (I) above). 
(III) 
If the source of the successor rate for the Reference Interest Rate determined in accordance with the above 
paragraph (I) or the Successor Screen Page determined in accordance with the above paragraph (II) is not 
accessible to the Calculation Agent or if the Independent Adviser fails to determine the Successor 
Reference Rate at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and to notify the Calculation 
Agent or in the event that the Issuer, having used reasonable endeavours, fails to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or the period to determine a Successor Reference Interest Rate according to the provisions above 
was not sufficient, the Issuer will decide in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) and not less than 
3 Business Days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] relating to the [next 
succeeding Interest Period][determine other event / day] (the "Procedures Determination Date"): 
[(a)] 
that the Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered quotation for the Reference Interest Rate 
which appeared on the Screen Page on the last day preceding the relevant Interest Determination 
Date on which such quotations were offered and shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes 
in accordance with § 14[.] [; or 
(b) 
to redeem the Notes in whole but not in part and subject to the adherence of the Conditions to 
Early Redemption and Repurchase (as defined in § 6 [(8)]) and subject to the prior permission 
of the Competent Authority, by giving not less than 20 days' notice in accordance with § 14, at 
the Final Redemption Amount (as defined below pursuant to § 6), together with interest (if any) 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such early redemption.

--- Page 98 ---
Page 98 
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest 
Payment Date] following the Procedures Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
the Final Redemption Amount. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the [Rate of Interest][Reference Interest Rate] applicable 
from the last [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] [determine other day] prior to the 
redemption date until (but excluding) the redemption date shall be the [Rate of 
Interest][Reference Interest Rate] applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period.]] 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international standing or an independent 
financial adviser with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
"Reference Interest Rate" means the offered quotation for the [number]-month SOFR which appears on the 
New York Federal Reserve's website as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([insert relevant time zone]) 
on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day]. 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve's website, in each case 
on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If SOFR is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time and, (1) unless the Issuer has confirmed to 
the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day applies for which SOFR was 
published on the New York Federal Reserve's website; or (2) if the Issuer has confirmed to the Calculation Agent 
that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as being the rate 
that was recommended as the replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a replacement 
for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other 
designated administrator), provided that, if no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer 
as having been recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if (i) references to SOFR were references to OBFR, (ii) references to 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day were references to New York Business Day, (iii) references to SOFR 
Index Cessation Event were references to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references to SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date were references to OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date; and provided further that, if 
no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as having been so recommended within one 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date and an OBFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date has occurred, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if (x) references to SOFR were references to FOMC 
Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. Government Securities Business Day were references to New York Business 
Day and (z) references to the New York Federal Reserve's website were references to the Federal Reserve's 
website.

--- Page 99 ---
Page 99 
Where: 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [[second] [insert other applicable number of days] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end]4 of the relevant [Floating] Interest Period.] [first day 
of the relevant [Floating] Interest Period.] [[•] U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to [the expiry] [the 
[Floating] Coupon Date] of the relevant [Floating] Interest Period.] 
"FOMC Target Rate" means, the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the Federal Reserve's website or, if the Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single rate, 
the mid-point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee and published 
on the Federal Reserve's website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target range and 
the lower bound of the target range). 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
"New York Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks in New 
York are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency). 
"OBFR" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate in 
respect of the New York Business Day immediately preceding such Interest Determination Date as provided by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the 
New York Federal Reserve's website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Interest Determination Date. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), 
ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
may no longer be used. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the OBFR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish 
or provide OBFR; or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of OBFR 
that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap transactions. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate), 
ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate may no longer be used. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
 
4  
In case of SOFR interest determination in arrear, the Interest Determination Date shall not be less than five 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Coupon Date.

--- Page 100 ---
Page 100 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity prohibiting the use of the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, 
including existing swap transactions.] 
§ 2 
Currency, Denomination, Issue Date, Form, Custody 
(1) 
Currency – Denomination – Issue Date. This Series of notes (the "Notes") of Raiffeisen Bank S.A. 
(the "Issuer") is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the "Issue Date") in [insert Specified Currency] 
(the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [aggregate principal amount] 
(in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the denomination of [insert Specified 
Denomination5] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form. 
(a) 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(b) 
Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" or the "Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be 
signed by two duly authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note to be exchanged for 
a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(b) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange – Permanent Global Note. 
(i) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global 
Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in 
the Specified Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" and, 
each a "Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each be signed by two duly authorised signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
(ii) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a 
date not earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such 
exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is 
not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding 
Notes through such financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any 
such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global 
Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 2(2). Any securities delivered in exchange 
for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States. For 
purposes of this subparagraph, "United States" means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands).] 
 
5 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount 
in such other currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000.

--- Page 101 ---
Page 101 
(3) 
Custody. The Global Note will be kept in safe keeping by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
The Notes are issued in Classical Global Note form and are kept in safe keeping by a common depositary 
on behalf of both ICSDs. 
§ 3 
Status 
(1) 
Status Subordinated Notes. The Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Instruments (as defined below). 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured, and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Subject as set out below, in the event of normal insolvency proceedings (bankruptcy proceedings) 
(faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) of the Issuer, any claim on the principal amount and interest under 
the Notes will rank, subject to exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under applicable law: 
(a) 
junior to all present or future claims in respect of any Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations, so 
that in any such event no amounts will be payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Obligations have been satisfied in full; 
(b) 
pari passu: (i) without any preference among themselves at all times; and (ii) with all other 
present or future claims in respect of Tier 2 Instruments and other subordinated instruments or 
obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank pari passu with the Notes; and 
(c) 
senior to all present or future claims from: (i) Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer; 
(ii) ordinary shares, preference shares and other Common Equity Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer; 
and (iii) all other subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to 
rank junior to the Notes. 
If the Notes do not qualify in full, or fully cease to qualify, as Tier 2 Instruments (or other own funds 
item pursuant to the Capital Regulations), any claim on the principal amount and interest under the Notes 
will, in the event of normal insolvency proceedings (bankruptcy proceedings) (faliment) or liquidation 
(lichidare) of the Issuer, rank, subject to exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under applicable 
law: 
(x) 
junior to all present or future claims in respect of any Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations, so 
that in any such event no amounts will be payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Obligations have been satisfied in full; 
(y) 
at least pari passu: (i) without any preference among themselves at all times; and (ii) with all 
other present or future claims in respect of other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that do 
not result from fully qualifying own funds items (as defined in the Capital Regulations) at the 
relevant time, which, in accordance with their terms or pursuant to mandatory provisions of law, 
rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes; and 
(z) 
senior to all present or future claims from: (i) Tier 2 Instruments; (ii) Additional Tier 1 
Instruments; (iii) ordinary shares, preference shares and other Common Equity Tier 1 
Instruments of the Issuer; and (iv) all other subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer 
ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Notes. 
Where: 
"Additional Tier 1 Instruments" means any directly issued capital instruments of the Issuer that qualify 
as Additional Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 52 CRR. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 
2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) 
No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council, as implemented 
into Romanian law by the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act, as amended from time to time, or 
such other acts as may come into effect in place thereof and any references in these Conditions to relevant

--- Page 102 ---
Page 102 
articles of the BRRD include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such 
articles from time to time. 
"Common Equity Tier 1 Instruments" means any directly issued capital instruments of the Issuer that 
qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 28 CRR. 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to 
time, and any references in these Conditions to relevant Articles of the CRR include references to any 
applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such Articles from time to time. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" means all present and future (i) unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (including senior unsecured and unsubordinated obligations that qualify as 
eligible liabilities instruments of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72b CRR); (ii) non-preferred senior 
obligations of the Issuer under debt instruments which meet the criteria for debt instruments pursuant to 
Article 2341 of the Romanian Insolvency Act; (iii) any present or future claims which are excluded 
liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a (2) of the CRR or which are excluded from the application 
of the write-down or conversion powers in accordance with the provisions of Articles 286 and 287 of the 
Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act (transposing Article 44 (2) and (3) of BRRD); and (iv) any other 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which, in accordance with their terms or pursuant to mandatory 
provisions of law, rank or are expressed to rank senior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes at 
the relevant time, including instruments or obligations of the Issuer that do not result from own funds 
items (as defined in the Capital Regulations) of the Issuer. 
"Romanian Insolvency Act" means Law no. 85/2014 on insolvency prevention procedures and on 
insolvency procedure (Legea 85/2014 privind procedurile de prevenire a insolvenţei şi de insolvenţă), as 
amended or replaced from time to time and any references in these Conditions to relevant provisions of 
the Romanian Insolvency Act include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or 
replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act" means Romanian Law no. 312/2015 on recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and for amending and supplementing certain 
normative acts of financial matter (Legea nr. 312/2015 privind redresarea şi rezoluţia instituţiilor de 
credit şi a firmelor de investiţii, precum şi pentru modificarea şi completarea unor acte normative în 
domeniul financiar) as amended or replaced from time to time, transposing BRRD. Any references in 
these Conditions to relevant provisions of the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act include references 
to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means any directly issued capital instruments of the Issuer that qualify as Tier 2 
instruments pursuant to Article 63 CRR, including any capital (or other) instruments that qualify as Tier 2 
items pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR. 
(2) 
No Negative Pledge; No Set-off/Netting; No Security/Guarantee; No Enhancement of Seniority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision included in these Terms and Conditions. 
No Holder may set off any claims under the Notes against any claims of the Issuer. The Notes are not 
subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in 
resolution, normal insolvency proceedings (bankruptcy proceedings) (faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) 
of the Issuer. 
The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee by the Issuer or any other person or subject to 
any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. 
(3) 
(a)  
Recognition of Bail-in. 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements, or understandings between the Issuer and any Holder, by its acquisition of the Notes, each 
Holder acknowledges and accepts that the Amounts Due arising under these Notes may be subject to the 
exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees 
to be bound by:

--- Page 103 ---
Page 103 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority, that may include 
and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Notes into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue 
to or conferral on the Holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including 
by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes; 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of Bail-
in Power by the Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
 
No repayment or payment of Amounts Due on the Notes, will become due and payable or be 
paid after the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority if and to the extent such 
amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such 
exercise. 
(c) 
Event of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof 
into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of 
the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an Event of Default 
or a default for any purpose. 
 
(d) 
Notice to Holders 
 
Upon the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, 
the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Holders in accordance with § 14 as soon as 
practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of 
such notice to the Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent for information purposes. Any delay or failure 
by the Issuer in delivering any notice referred to in this § 3(d) shall not affect the validity and 
enforceability of the Bail-in Powers. 
Where: 
"Amounts Due" are the aggregate principal amount of, together with any accrued but unpaid interest due 
on, the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but 
which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority. 
"Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any law or regulation in effect in Romania 
relating to the transposition of BRRD, including but not limited to the Romanian Recovery and Resolution 
Act and/or any other law or regulation applicable in Romania relating to the resolution of unsound or 
failing credit institutions, investment firms or their affiliates (otherwise than through bankruptcy 
(faliment), liquidation (lichidare) or other normal bankruptcy proceedings) and the instruments, rules and 
standards created thereunder, respectively, pursuant to which any obligation of a credit institution or 
investment firm or affiliate of a credit institution or investment firm can be reduced, cancelled, modified 
or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of such entity or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period). 
"Capital Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, standards, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities

--- Page 104 ---
Page 104 
and/or loss absorbing capacity for credit institutions of either (i) the National Bank of Romania and/or 
(ii) any other national or European authority, in each case then in effect in Romania and applicable to the 
Issuer, including, as at the date hereof, CRR, CRD IV, BRRD, as well as any delegated or implementing 
acts adopted by the European Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority, 
each as amended from time to time, or such other acts as may come into effect in place thereof and any 
references in these Terms and Conditions to relevant articles of the Capital Regulations include references 
to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such articles from time to time. 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as implemented into Romanian law, as amended from time to time, or such other acts as 
may come into effect in place thereof and any references in these Conditions to relevant articles of the 
CRD IV include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such articles from 
time to time. 
"Resolution Authority" means the National Bank of Romania or any other resolution authority which is 
responsible for recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an individual and/or consolidated basis pursuant to 
the Capital Regulations. 
§ 4 
Interest 
[In case of Fixed Rate Notes, insert: 
(1) 
Rate of Interest, Interest Period[s]. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest based on their principal amount during the Interest Period[s] from 
(and including) [insert interest commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in 
case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1))]. 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in 
case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date][Maturity Date] 
[and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Interest Payment Date] to 
(but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following 
Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: next 
following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
The rate of interest is [insert Rate of Interest]% per annum. 
(2) 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] in each year (each 
such date a "Coupon Date").] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the "Coupon Date").] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert 
last Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" means subject to § 5[(6)] (Business Day Convention) such Business Day, on 
which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
[In the case of short/long Interest Periods, insert: The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended]. The [first Coupon Date is: [•]] [last Coupon Date is: [•]].] 
(3) 
Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of less than 
a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below).]

--- Page 105 ---
Page 105 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
(1) 
Interest Period[s], Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. 
(a) 
Interest Period[s]. The Notes shall bear interest in arrear based on their principal amount during 
the Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period 
insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date 
(as defined in § 6(1))]. 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in 
case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] 
[and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Interest Payment Date] to 
(but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following 
Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next 
following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] 
(each such date a "Coupon Date").] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the "Coupon 
Date").] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on 
[insert last Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" means subject to § 5[(6)] (Business Day Convention) such Business 
Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
[In the case of short/long Interest Period, insert: The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended]. The [first Coupon Date is: [insert first Coupon Date] [("First Coupon Date")]] [last 
Coupon Date is: [insert last Coupon Date] [("Last Coupon Date")]].] 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for [the][each] Interest Period will be, except 
as provided below, 
[For EURIBOR or another Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight 
reference rate, insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate [, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00% per annum, 
a Reference Interest Rate of 0.00% per annum will be applied,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, 
insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin, insert: 
[plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a 
percentage rate [per annum] [insert other time period].] 
[For Compounded Daily €STR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily €STR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with the formula below on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] (as 
defined below) [, whereby a Compounded Daily €STR of 0.00% per annum will be applied, should such 
Compounded Daily €STR be below 0.00% per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, 
multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] 
[minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage 
rate [per annum] [insert other time period]. 
The Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate as the

--- Page 106 ---
Page 106 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the [fifth] [•] decimal place, with [0.000005] [•]% being rounded upwards: 
                [∏(1 + 𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation 
Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such Applicable Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day 
in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is "p" Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] Business Days (provided that "p" shall not be less 
than five Business Days without the prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such 
number is specified five Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where lag is 
specified as the Observation Method: the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i".][otherwise: the 
relevant Business Day "i".]] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily SOFR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with the formula below on the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) [, whereby a 
Compounded Daily SOFR of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied, should such Compounded Daily 
SOFR be below 0.00 per cent per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied 
by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate per annum. 
The Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Interest Rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% being rounded upwards:

--- Page 107 ---
Page 107 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] ×
𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation 
Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in such Applicable Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(provided that "p" shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days without the prior 
written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Interest Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where 
lag is specified as the Observation Method: the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i".][otherwise: the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i".]] 
[In the case of short/long first Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the First Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of short/long last Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Last Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)]

--- Page 108 ---
Page 108 
["Factor" means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [•] Interest Period] 
as [+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
["Margin" means [for the [first] [•] Interest Period] [•] [for the [•] Interest Period [•]].]] 
[In case of Notes with Fixed to Fixed, Fixed to Floating or Fixed to Fixed to Floating interest rates, 
insert: 
(1) 
[Fixed Interest.] 
(a) 
Rate of Interest, [Fixed] Interest Period[s], Interest Exchange Day. [In case of one interest rate 
for the entire [Fixed] Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate of interest for the [Fixed] Interest 
Rate Period is [insert Rate of Interest]% [per annum] [insert other period] (the "[Fixed] Interest 
Rate").] 
[In case of several interest rates during the [Fixed] Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate[s] of 
interest during the [Fixed] Interest Rate Period [is][are] for the [first] [Fixed] Interest Period 
[from the Interest Commencement Date to the [first][[Fixed] Coupon Date][[Fixed] Interest 
Payment Date] [insert Rate of Interest]% [per annum] [,][and] [for the [n-th] [Fixed] Interest 
Period from the [insert relevant [Fixed] Coupon Date][insert relevant [Fixed] Interest Payment 
Date] to the [insert relevant [Fixed] Coupon Date][insert relevant [Fixed] Interest Payment 
Date] [insert Rate of Interest]% [per annum]] [,][and] [insert further/other period] (the relevant 
"[Fixed] Interest Rate[s]")].] 
The Notes shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their 
principal amount during the [Fixed] Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert interest 
commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the [in case of 
no adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period insert: [first] [•] [last] [Fixed] Coupon Date] [, i.e. 
[insert date]] [in case of an adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period insert: [first] [•] [last] [Fixed] 
Interest Payment Date] (the "[Fixed] Interest Rate Period"). 
"[Fixed] Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] [[Fixed] 
Coupon Date] [or] [Interest Exchange Day]] [in case of an adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period 
insert: [first] [[Fixed] Interest Payment Date] [or] [Interest Exchange Day]] [and thereafter from 
(and including) each [in case of no adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period insert: [Fixed] Coupon 
Date] [in case of an adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period insert: [Fixed] Interest Payment 
Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period insert: the 
next following [Fixed] Coupon Date or Interest Exchange Day, as the case may be] [in case of 
an adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period insert: next following [Fixed] Interest Payment Date 
or Interest Exchange Day, as the case may be]]. 
"Interest Exchange Day" means [the [last] [Fixed] Coupon Date, i.e. [insert date]] [the [Fixed] 
Interest Payment Date relating to the [last] [Fixed] Coupon Date i.e. [insert [last] [Fixed] 
Coupon Date]]. 
The [Fixed] Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
[Fixed] Coupon Date[s], [Fixed] Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest during the [Fixed] Interest 
Period shall be payable in arrear. [[Fixed] Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert [Fixed] 
Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] (each such date a "[Fixed] Coupon Date").] [[Fixed] Coupon 
Date is on [insert [Fixed] Coupon Date] (the "[Fixed] Coupon Date").] 
[The first [Fixed] Coupon Date shall be on [insert first [Fixed] Coupon Date]. The last [Fixed] 
Coupon Date shall be on [insert last [Fixed] Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Notes during the [Fixed] Interest Period shall be payable on [each][the] [Fixed] 
Interest Payment Date. 
"[Fixed] Interest Payment Date" means subject to § 5[(6)] (Business Day Convention) such 
Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable.

--- Page 109 ---
Page 109 
[In the case of short/long [Fixed] Interest Period, insert: The [first] [last] [Fixed] Interest Period 
is [shortened] [extended]. The [first [Fixed] Coupon Date is: [insert first [Fixed] Coupon Date]] 
[last [Fixed] Coupon Date is: [insert last [Fixed] Coupon Date].] 
(c) 
Calculation of [Fixed] Interest for Partial Periods. If interest during the [Fixed] Interest Period 
is required to be calculated for a period of less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction for [Fixed] Interest Periods of Notes with Fixed to [Fixed] [to] [Floating] 
interest rates. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined 
below) during which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation 
Period will be the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by [the product of 
(1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the 
Calculation Period will be the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] 
the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination 
Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year]. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on 
which interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any 
year to but excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid 
(if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day

--- Page 110 ---
Page 110 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30/360 or Bond Basis).] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the 
first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, 
the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30E/360 or Eurobond 
Basis).] 
[If 360/360, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with twelve 30-day months (360/360).] 
[(2)] 
[Floating Interest. 
(a) 
Rate of Interest, Floating Interest Period[s]. The Notes shall bear interest in arrear based on their 
principal amount during the Floating Interest Period[s] from (and including) the Interest 
Exchange Day to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period 
insert: [last] Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period 
insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1))]. 
"Floating Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Exchange Day to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating 
Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no 
adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Floating Interest Period insert: Floating Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in 
case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: the next following Floating Coupon 
Date or last Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: 
the next following Floating Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Floating Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
Floating Coupon Date[s], Floating Interest Payment Date[s]. Floating interest shall be payable 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear. ["Floating Coupon Dates" are in each case on 
[insert floating coupon dates] [in each year] (each such date a "Floating Coupon Date").] 
["Floating Coupon Date" is the [insert floating coupon date].] 
[The first Floating Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Floating Coupon Date]. The last 
Floating Coupon Date shall be on [insert last Floating Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [each][the] Floating Interest Payment Date. 
"Floating Interest Payment Date" means subject to § 5[(6)] (Business Day Convention) 
such Business Day, on which interest during the Floating Interest Period is in fact due and 
payable. 
[In the case of short/long Floating Interest Periods insert: The [first] [last] Floating Interest 
Period is [shortened] [extended]. The [first Floating Coupon Date is: [insert first Floating 
Coupon Date] [("First Coupon Date")]] [last Floating Coupon Date is: [insert last Floating 
Coupon Date] [("Last Coupon Date")]].] 
(c) 
Floating Rate of Interest. The floating rate of interest (the "Floating Rate of Interest") for 
[the][each] Floating Interest Period will be, except as provided below,

--- Page 111 ---
Page 111 
[For EURIBOR or another Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight 
reference rate, insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate [, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00% per 
annum, a Reference Interest Rate of 0.00% per annum will be applied,] [in case of multiplication 
with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case 
of a Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] [insert other time period].] 
[For Compounded Daily €STR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily €STR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period 
in accordance with the formula below on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other 
day] (as defined below) [, whereby a Compounded Daily €STR of 0.00% per annum will be 
applied, should such Compounded Daily €STR be below 0.00% per annum,] [in case of 
multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and 
subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] [insert other 
time period]. 
The Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference 
Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as at the relevant [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the [fifth] [•] decimal place, with 
[0.000005] [•]% being rounded upwards: 
                               [∏(1 + 𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the 
Observation Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year 
used for the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable 
Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such Applicable 
Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Exchange Day) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable).

--- Page 112 ---
Page 112 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] Business Days (provided that "p" shall 
not be less than five Business Days without the prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent 
or, if no such number is specified five Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where 
lag is specified as the Observation Method: the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in 
the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day 
"i".][otherwise: the relevant Business Day "i".]] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily SOFR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period 
in accordance with the formula below on the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) [, 
whereby a Compounded Daily SOFR of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied, should such 
Compounded Daily SOFR be below 0.00 per cent per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a 
factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a 
Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum. 
The Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference 
Interest Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] ×
𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the 
Observation Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year 
used for the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable 
Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in such Applicable Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Exchange Day) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p"

--- Page 113 ---
Page 113 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days (provided that "p" shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
without the prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified 
five U.S. Government Securities Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR in respect of 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Interest Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above 
for, [where lag is specified as the Observation Method: the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (being a U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i".][otherwise: the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i".]] 
[In the case of short/long first Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, 
insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the First Floating Coupon 
Date (the "Interpolated Floating Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest 
rate will be the linear interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next 
shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference 
interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of short/long last Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the Last Floating Coupon 
Date (the "Interpolated Floating Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest 
rate will be the linear interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next 
shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference 
interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period.)] 
["Factor" means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [•] 
Interest Period] as [+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
["Margin" means [for the [first] [•] Interest Period] [•] [for the [•] Interest Period [•]].]6 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction for Floating Interest Periods of Notes with Fixed to [Fixed to] Floating 
interest rates. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined 
below) during which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation 
Period will be the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by [the product of 
(1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
 
6  
Insert initial credit spread determined at pricing (which shall not include any increase of the rate of interest (step up) or 
other incentive to redeem the Notes).

--- Page 114 ---
Page 114 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the 
Calculation Period will be the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] 
the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination 
Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year]. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on 
which interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any 
year to but excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid 
(if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30/360 or Bond Basis).] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the 
first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, 
the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30E/360 or Eurobond 
Basis).] 
[If 360/360, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with twelve 30-day months (360/360).]]

--- Page 115 ---
Page 115 
[(3)] 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after [the][each] time at which 
the Floating Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Floating Rate of Interest and calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Floating Interest Period. 
The relevant Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Floating Rate of Interest and the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined below) to [the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes] [the 
Specified Denomination] and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, 
with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards. 
[(4)]  
Notification of Floating Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest[, each Interest Amount for each Floating 
Interest Period,] [and] each Floating Interest Period [and the relevant Floating Interest Payment Date]. 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange 
as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the [second] [•] Business 
Day prior to the commencement of the [relevant] Floating Interest Period] [first day of the 
[relevant] Floating Interest Period] [insert other date], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of 
the stock exchange on which the Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.] 
Each Interest Amount and each Floating Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Floating Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange 
on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange and to the Holders as soon as 
possible in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).]] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest[, the Interest Amount for each Floating 
Interest Period,] [and] each Floating Interest Period [and the relevant Floating Interest Payment Date] 
(i) 
[to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange 
as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the [[•] Business Day 
prior to the expiry of the relevant Floating Interest Period] [[the second] [•] Business Day prior 
to the Floating [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] of the [relevant] Floating Interest Period] 
[insert other date], and] 
[(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange on 
the day which is two (2) Business Days after the end of the [Interest Determination Date] [specify 
other date], and] 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of 
the stock exchange on which the Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.]]]

--- Page 116 ---
Page 116 
[In case of Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
(1) 
No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will not be any periodic payments of interest on the Notes. The 
Amortisation Yield[s] [is][are] [insert Amortisation Yield]. 
[In the case of different Amortisation Yields for individual Interest Periods, set forth applicable 
provisions (including fallback provisions) herein]] 
[(5)]  
Accrual of Interest and Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
accrue on the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes from (and including) the due date to (but excluding) 
the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by law.1 
[In case of Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
[(6)]  
Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined below) 
during which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation Period will be the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in 
such Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year]; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the Calculation 
Period will be the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days 
in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year]; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any year to but 
excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, 
then such dates in the alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) (Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
 
1  
According to paragraphs 288(1) and 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB"), the 
default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published 
by Deutsche Bundesbank semi-annually.

--- Page 117 ---
Page 117 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30/360 
or Bond Basis).] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month) (30E/360 or Eurobond Basis).] 
[If 360/360, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with twelve 30-day months (360/360).]] 
§ 5 
Payments 
(1) 
(a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal, and any additional amounts, in respect of the Notes 
shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
[In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes and any additional amounts shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary 
Global Note to be exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon 
due certification as provided in § 2(2)(b).] 
[(2)] 
[Payment Reference Date. Payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made to the Holders 
shown in the holders' registry as provided by the Clearing System, on the payment reference date (the 
"Payment Reference Date") which is to be determined as follows: 
(a) 
regarding payments due in case of acceleration, the date when any notice declaring the Notes 
due and payable is given by a Holder in accordance with § 10 and 
(b) 
in relation to any other payments on the Notes, at the close of business on the 15th calendar day 
before the due date for payment thereof (including the Maturity Date). Any person who acquires 
a Note between a Payment Reference Date and the corresponding due date for a payment of 
interest shall not be entitled to receive payment of interest on the Notes for the corresponding 
interest due date notwithstanding that such person is shown in the holders' registry on the relevant 
interest due date as the Holder of the Note. 
No Holder may transfer its Note(s) during the period from and including [in case of Notes admitted to 
trading on the spot regulated market or an alternative trading system operated by the Bucharest Stock

--- Page 118 ---
Page 118 
Exchange insert: the second Business Day prior to] the Payment Reference Date immediately preceding 
the Maturity Date up to and including the Maturity Date.] 
[(3)] 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts 
due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the freely negotiable and convertible currency which on the 
respective due date is the currency of the country of the Specified Currency. 
[In the case of Notes not denominated in Euro, insert: 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the respective Payment Business Day is not available 
to it in such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons beyond its control or that the Specified 
Currency or any successor currency to it provided for by law (the "Successor Currency") is no longer 
used for the settlement of international financial transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment obligations 
by making such payment in Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the respective 
Payment Business Day on the basis of the Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled to 
[further] interest or any other payment as a result thereof. The "Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be, 
(i) if available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for the Specified Currency or the Successor 
Currency determined and published by the European Central Bank for the most recent practicable date 
falling within a reasonable period (as determined by the Issuer in its equitable discretion) prior to the day 
on which the payment is made or, (ii) if such rate is not available, the foreign exchange rate of the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency against the Euro as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion.] 
[(4)] 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
[(5)] 
Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day, then the Holder, subject to subparagraph ([6]) shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place. Irrespective of the provisions regarding the Interest Period, 
the Holder shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any day which is a Business Day. 
[(6)] 
[(a)]  
Business Day Convention [for Fixed Rate Notes]. If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of [any][Fixed Rate] Notes would fall on a day which is not a Business Day, payment of such 
amount shall be 
[if Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the [Fixed] Interest Payment 
Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if FRN Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the [Fixed] Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent [Fixed] Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] 
after the preceding applicable [Fixed] Interest Payment Date.] 
[In case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
[(b)]  
Business Day Convention for Floating Rate Notes. If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Floating Rate Notes would fall on a day which is not a Business Day, payment of such 
amount shall be 
[if Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Floating Interest 
Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.]

--- Page 119 ---
Page 119 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if FRN Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Floating Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Floating Interest Payment Date shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] 
after the preceding applicable Floating Interest Payment Date.]] 
§ 6 
Redemption 
(1) 
Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [in case of a specified Maturity Date 
insert such Maturity Date] [in case of a Redemption Month insert: the [Floating] Interest Payment Date 
falling in [insert Redemption Month and Redemption Year]] (the "Maturity Date"). 
(2) 
Final Redemption Amount. 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at their principal amount insert: 
The final redemption amount in respect of each Note shall be equal to its principal amount (the "Final 
Redemption Amount").] 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount other than the principal amount insert: 
The final redemption amount in respect of each Note shall be [insert currency] [insert amount greater 
than or equal to the principal amount] for each Note (the "Final Redemption Amount").] 
(3) 
No Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder. 
The Holders do not have a right to demand the early redemption of the Notes. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation insert: 
(4) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
(a) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation to the extent of and for as long as the Notes qualify as 
Tier 2 Instruments 
To the extent of and for as long as the Notes qualify as Tier 2 Instruments the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes at any time, in whole but not in part, upon giving not more than 60 days' nor less than 
30 days' prior notice in accordance with § 6[(9)], and redeem the Notes early at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined below), [together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for early redemption] on the date fixed for early redemption, if the Issuer is or will 
be required to pay additional amounts on the next Interest Payment Date, as a result of any changes 
or amendments of the Romanian laws and regulations or any change at the level of any Romanian 
authority having fiscal competences or any changes in the official applicability or interpretation 
of such laws or regulations (including relevant court decisions) and such changes or amendments 
become applicable on or after the Issue Date and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
by taking reasonable measures at its disposal ("Early Redemption for Tax Purposes Event") 
and provided that the relevant conditions provided in § 6[(8)] (Conditions to Early Redemption 
and Repurchase) are met. 
(b) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation to the extent of the Notes do not qualify as Tier 2 
Instruments 
To the extent the Notes do not qualify as Tier 2 Instruments, but qualify as eligible liabilities for 
the purposes of the Capital Regulations, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at any time, in whole 
but not in part, upon giving not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice in accordance 
with § 6[(9)], and redeem the Notes early at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined below), 
[together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for Early Redemption] on 
the date fixed for early redemption, if there is an Early Redemption for Tax Purposes Event and

--- Page 120 ---
Page 120 
provided that the relevant conditions provided in § 6[(8)] (Conditions to Early Redemption and 
Repurchase) are met.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(5)] 
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, upon giving not more than [60] [insert 
other number] [Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30] [insert other number] [Business 
Days'] [days'] prior notice in accordance with § 6[(9)] effective [as of the [respective] Call 
Redemption Date (as defined below)][on a [Business Day][day] at the option of the Issuer], and 
redeem the Notes early at the [respective] Call Redemption Amount [together with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the [relevant] Call Redemption Date] on [the [respective] Call 
Redemption Date][each [Business Day][day]], provided that the conditions provided in § 6[(8)] 
(Conditions to Early Redemption and Repurchase) are met.] 
(b) 
"Call Redemption Date[s]" means [insert Call Redemption Date[s]]. 
(c) 
"Call Redemption Amount[s]" means [insert Call Redemption Amount[s] and corresponding 
Call Redemption Date[s]]. 
(d) 
[If the Notes are redeemed early only in part, the Notes to be redeemed are determined according 
to the rules of the relevant Clearing System.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons insert: 
[(6)] 
[Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes at any time, in whole but not in part, upon giving not more than [60] 
[insert other number] [Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30] [insert other number] [Business Days'] 
[days'] prior notice in accordance with § 6([(9)]) early and redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below), [together with interest (if any) accrued to but excluding the date fixed for 
early redemption] on the date fixed for early redemption, if [(i)] there is a change in the regulatory 
classification of the Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion from own funds (as such terms 
is defined in the Capital Regulations) in full or reclassification as a lower quality form of own funds [or 
(ii) the Notes, to the extent that, pursuant to Article 64 CRR, a portion thereof does no longer qualify as 
Tier 2 item but, pursuant to Article 72a(1)(b) CRR, as an eligible liabilities item, that portion does no 
longer comply with the minimum requirements for eligible liabilities (MREL) (the "MREL 
Requirement") which are, or, as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer and/or the Issuer's 
MREL Group in accordance with: 
(a) 
Article 45 of the BRRD (as defined herein) as amended, and any applicable national law, as 
amended, implementing the BRRD; or 
(b) 
Article 12 of the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014, as amended, 
except where such non-compliance would only be based on the remaining maturity of the Notes being 
less than any period prescribed in the applicable MREL regulations or any applicable limits on the amount 
of eligible liabilities instruments being exceeded. 
Where: 
"Issuer's MREL Group" means the Issuer and its subsidiaries which have to comply with the MREL 
Requirement on a group basis.] 
Any early redemption shall only be possible if the conditions provided in § 6[(8)] (Conditions to Early 
Redemption and Repurchase) are met.]

--- Page 121 ---
Page 121 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount 
insert: 
[(7)] 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount. 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, upon giving not more than [60] [insert other 
number] [Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30] [insert other number] [Business Days'] [days'] prior 
notice in accordance with § 6([(9)]) early and redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if 75 per cent. or 
more of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or 
repurchased by the Issuer, and in each case, cancelled.] 
[(8)] 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Repurchase. 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Repurchase to the extent of and for as long as the Notes qualify as 
Tier 2 Instruments 
Any early redemption pursuant to §1(III)(b) and this § 6 and any repurchase pursuant to § 13(2) are 
subject to: 
(a) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Competent Authority (as defined below) 
for the early redemption or any repurchase pursuant to § 13(2) in accordance with the Articles 77 
and 78 CRR, if applicable to the Issuer at that point in time; and  
(b) 
in the case of any early redemption or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the date of 
issuance of the Notes, in addition, if applicable to the Issuer at that point in time: 
(i) 
in case of an early redemption for reasons of taxation pursuant to § 6(4), the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the applicable change 
in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance 
of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
in case of an early redemption for regulatory reasons pursuant to § 6[(6)], the Competent 
Authority considers such change to be sufficiently certain and the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the relevant change in 
the regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the date 
of issuance of the Notes; or 
(iii) 
in case of an early redemption or repurchase in circumstances other than as described in 
item (i) or (ii), either before or at the same time as such action, if (a) the Issuer replaces 
the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority has 
permitted that action based on the determination that it would be beneficial from a 
prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or (b) the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its own funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such redemption, exceed the requirements provided 
in CRR, CRD IV and BRRD (and/or any other Capital Regulations as may supplement 
and//or amend these and/or come into effect in place thereof) by a margin that the 
Competent Authority may consider necessary. 
(iv) 
in the case of a repurchase of the Notes, if the Notes are repurchased for market making 
purposes. 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Repurchase to the extent the Notes do not qualify as Tier 2 
Instruments 
To the extent of and for as long as the Notes do not qualify as Tier 2 Instruments, but qualify as eligible 
liabilities for the purpose of the Capital Regulations any early redemption pursuant to this § 6 and any 
repurchase pursuant to § 13(2) are subject to the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the 
Resolution Authority for the early redemption or any repurchase pursuant to § 13(2) in accordance with 
the Articles 77 and 78a CRR, if and to the extent such prior permission is required at this time and either 
of the following conditions is met:

--- Page 122 ---
Page 122 
(a) 
on or before the redemption of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with own funds or eligible 
liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority if such consent is then 
required under the Capital Regulations, that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, 
following such redemption, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
provided in CRR, CRD IV and the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act (transposing BRRD) 
(and/or any other Capital Regulations as may supplement and//or amend these and/or come into 
effect in place thereof) by a margin that the Resolution Authority, acting in agreement with the 
Competent Authority, may consider necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority if such consent is then 
required under the Capital Regulations, that the partial or full replacement of the Notes with own 
funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with own fund requirements provided in 
CRR and CRD IV (and/or other Capital Regulations as may supplement and//or amend these 
and/or come into effect in place thereof) for continuing authorisation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Competent Authority to grant any required permission, 
approval or other consent shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
Where: 
"Applicable Law" means the legislation of Romania and the European Union as applicable in Romania 
(including secondary or delegated legislation, and any regulations, decisions or rules of any public 
authority which are legally binding) in force, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time. 
"Competent Authority" means the competent authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(40) CRR which is 
responsible to supervise the Issuer on an individual and/or consolidated basis, including as at the date of 
this Prospectus, the National Bank of Romania. 
[(9)] 
Notice of Early Redemption. 
Any notice of early redemption of the Notes shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and pursuant 
to § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders and shall specify: 
(a) 
the Series of Notes that is to be redeemed; 
(b) 
a statement as to whether the Series is redeemed in whole or in part and in the latter case the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; 
(c) 
the date fixed for early redemption; and 
(d) 
the [Early][Final][Call] Redemption Amount at which the Notes are redeemed. 
[In case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
[(10)] 
Early Redemption Amount. 
The Early Redemption Amount of a Note is equal to [the Final Redemption Amount pursuant to § 6 (2)] 
[insert other amount/rate] (the "Early Redemption Amount").] 
[In case of Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
[(10)] 
Early Redemption Amount. 
The Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall be equal to the Amortised Face Amount (the "Early 
Redemption Amount").  
(a) 
[In the case of accrued interest being added: The amortised face amount ("Amortised Face 
Amount") of a Note shall be an amount equal to the sum of (i) [insert Reference Price] (the 
"Reference Price"), and (ii) the product of the Amortisation Yield being [insert Amortisation 
Yield] (compounded annually) and the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to

--- Page 123 ---
Page 123 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the 
Notes become due and payable.] 
[In the case of unaccrued interest being deducted: The amortised face amount ("Amortised 
Face Amount") of a Note shall be the principal amount thereof adjusted for interest from (and 
including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the date of final repayment by the Amortisation 
Yield, being [insert Amortisation Yield]. Such calculation shall be made on the assumption of 
an annual capitalisation of accrued interest.] 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year (the "Calculation Period") shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined in § 4). 
[(b) 
If the Issuer fails to pay the Early Redemption Amount when due, the Amortised Face Amount 
of a Note shall be calculated as provided herein, except that references in subparagraph (a) above 
to the date fixed for redemption or the date on which such Note becomes due and repayable shall 
refer to the earlier of (i) the date on which upon due presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Note (if required), payment is made, and (ii) the fourteenth day after notice has been given by 
the Fiscal Agent in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) that the funds 
required for redemption have been provided to the Fiscal Agent.]] 
[(11)] 
 Rounding of Redemption Amounts. Redemption amounts are rounded to [insert number] decimals. 
§ 7 
Agents 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents (the "Agents") and their respective specified offices 
are: 
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent": 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
[other/further Fiscal/Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s)] 
["Calculation Agent": 
[The Fiscal Agent shall also act as Calculation Agent.] 
[insert name and address of Calculation Agent]] 
[Other Agents: [insert name and address of other Agents]] 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to change its respective specified office to some 
other specified office in the same country. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint another Fiscal Agent/Paying Agent or 
additional or other Agents in accordance with all applicable regulations. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after 10 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance 
with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing). 
(3) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Agents named above act solely as agent of the Issuer and do not have any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) 
Determinations Binding. All determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained under these Conditions by any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer and all other Agents/agents and the Holders.

--- Page 124 ---
Page 124 
§ 8 
Taxation 
(1) 
Taxation. All amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be made by the Issuer free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by Romania or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. 
If such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer shall withhold or deduct from amounts 
payable in respect of the Notes to a Holder sufficient funds for the payment of any tax that it is required 
to withhold or deduct under Romanian law and shall not pay such additional amounts to the Holder in 
respect of such withholding or deduction. 
At least 5 Business Days prior to the relevant interest payment date, the Issuer will receive from the 
Holders through the relevant ICSD(s) and/or intermediaries and custodians via the Fiscal Agent 
information as regards the identity and residency for tax purposes of any Holder. On the basis of such 
information, the Issuer will determine the applicability of the withholding or deduction required by 
Romanian law. 
If such withholding or deduction is required by law and the Issuer withholds or deducts from amounts 
payable in respect of the Notes to a Holder the necessary funds for the payment of any tax that it is 
required to withhold or deduct under Romanian law, the Issuer shall (subject to the applicable law and 
upon the relevant Holder's request) provide that Holder with the relevant documents required for the 
Holder to request from the competent Romanian tax authority the certificate evidencing such withholding 
in Romania (certificatul de atestare a impozitului plătit de nerezident). 
Any endeavour to adjust the supplementary income tax paid or in order to obtain reimbursement of such 
supplementary income tax paid shall be incumbent on the Holder. 
For greater clarity, no additional amounts will be payable on account of any Taxes which: 
(a) 
are payable by any person (including the Issuer) acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Holder, or by the Issuer if no custodian bank or collecting agent is appointed or 
otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a withholding or deduction by the Issuer from 
payments of principal or distributions made by it; or 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or business connection 
with Romania; or 
(c) 
are withheld or deducted, if such payment could have been effected by another custodian bank 
or collecting agent without such withholding or deduction; or 
(d) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing), whichever occurs later; or 
(e) 
would not be payable if the Holder is able to avoid such a withholding or deduction providing a 
certificate of residence, certificate of exemption or any other similar documents. 
(2) 
FATCA Withholding. The Issuer will be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the 
rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by 
another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA Withholding"). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional 
amounts or otherwise indemnify a Holder, beneficial owner or other intermediary for any such FATCA 
Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
§ 9 
Presentation Period 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") in relation to the Notes is reduced to ten years.

--- Page 125 ---
Page 125 
§ 10 
Events of Default 
No Holder shall have the right to accelerate the future scheduled payment of interest or principal under the Notes, 
other than in the bankruptcy (faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) of the Issuer. 
No Holder shall have the right to accelerate the future scheduled payment of interest or principal under the Notes 
in case an early intervention (intervenție timpurie) measure, a resolution (rezoluţie) measure, a moratorium or any 
other action or measure that may be taken against the Issuer pursuant to the Romanian Recovery and Resolution 
Act. 
§ 11 
Substitution 
This paragraph is not applicable. 
§ 12 
Amendment of these Conditions, Holders' Representative 
(1) 
Amendment of these Conditions. In accordance with §§ 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Debt Securities 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree with the 
Issuer on amendments of these Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution 
with the majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who 
are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
To the extent that any amendments to these Conditions may affect the eligibility criteria for the Notes to 
qualify as Tier 2 Instruments, such amendments are subject to the prior approval of the Competent 
Authority. 
(2) 
Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75% of the votes cast. Resolutions 
relating to amendments of these Conditions which are not material and which do not relate to the matters 
listed in § 5 paragraph 3 Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) 
Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. A meeting 
of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take place in the 
circumstances of § 18 paragraph 4 sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(4) 
Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) 
Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the principal 
amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) 
Holders' Representative. 
[If no Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The common representative 
(the "Holders' Representative") shall be [insert name and address of the Holders' Representative]. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual remuneration, 
unless the Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. 
To the extent that the Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, 
the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations 
of the Holders' Representative.

--- Page 126 ---
Page 126 
§ 13 
Further Issues, Repurchases and Cancellation 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may until [insert date] without the consent of the Holders subject to regulatory 
and other statutory provisions, issue further Notes having the same Conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the issue date, issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Repurchases. Provided that the conditions provided in § 6[(8)] are met, the Issuer may repurchase Notes 
in any market or otherwise and at any price. Notes repurchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. 
§ 14 
Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing 
[If Notes are not intended to be listed, insert: 
(1) 
Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
[If Notes are intended to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, insert: 
(1) 
Publication. As long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices concerning the 
Notes will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on www.LuxSE.com or such 
other website or other medium for the publication of notices as required in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuer will also publish notices on its website 
www.raiffeisen.ro. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on the day 
of such publication. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. If the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may make a publication referred to in § 14(1) by giving notice to the Clearing System for communication 
by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in § 14(1) above; any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(3)]  
Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in text form (Textform) in 
the English language. The notice must be accompanied by proof that such notifying Holder is holder of 
the relevant Notes at the time of the giving of such notice. Proof may be made by means of a certificate 
of the Custodian (as defined in § 15(3) (Final Provisions)) or in any other appropriate manner. So long 
as Notes are securitised in the form of a Global Note, such notice may be given by the Holder to the Fiscal 
Agent through the Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may 
approve for such purpose. 
§ 15 
Final Provisions 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed by German law, except that the status provisions in § 3 (Status) shall be 
governed by, and shall be construed exclusively in accordance with, Romanian law. 
(2) 
Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Subject to § 10, any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under the Notes 
on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, 
(b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of 
such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Global Note representing the 
Notes in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or 
a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the actual

--- Page 127 ---
Page 127 
records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Subject to § 10, each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce its rights under the Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings. 
(4) 
Language. These Conditions are written in the English language only.

--- Page 128 ---
Page 128 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ELIGIBLE NOTES 
OPTION III - TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ELIGIBLE NOTES 
§ 1 
Definitions 
"Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System is operational 
[if the Specified Currency is EUR or if T2 is needed for other reasons, insert: as well as the real-time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system (T2)] [if the Specified Currency is not 
EUR or if needed for other reasons, insert: and commercial banks are open for business in and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres]]. 
"Clearing System" means [each of] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, ("CBL")] [and] [Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear")] [([CBL and Euroclear are each an][the] "ICSD" 
(International Central Securities Depositary) [and together the "ICSDs"])] [and] [Depozitarul Central SA as 
clearing system for the Notes listed at Bucharest Stock Exchange]. 
"Conditions" means these terms and conditions of the Notes as completed. 
"Holder" means any holder of a co-ownership interest or other beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
[In case of a Reference Interest Rate other than SOFR, insert: 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [[second] [insert other applicable number of days] Business Day prior 
to the [commencement] [end] of the relevant [Floating] Interest Period.] [first day of the relevant [Floating] 
Interest Period.] [[•] Business Day prior to [the expiry] [the [Floating] Coupon Date] of the relevant [Floating] 
Interest Period.] 
"Reference Interest Rate" means the offered quotation for the [number]-month [EURIBOR] [ROBOR] [€STR] 
[insert other reference interest rate] which appears on the Screen Page as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant 
time] ([insert relevant time zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day]. 
"Screen Page" means [REUTERS Screen Page [EURIBOR01] [ROBOR=]] [insert Screen Page and additional 
information if necessary] or each successor page.] 
[For Compounded Daily €STR, insert: 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate for such 
Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, 
or any successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") in each case, 
on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the European Central Bank publishes guidance as to (i) how 
€STR is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace €STR, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving 
written instructions from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in 
order to determine €STR for the purpose of the Notes for so long as €STR is not available or has not been published 
by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Interest 
Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to such Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the [Interest Commencement Date][Interest Exchange Day].] 
[For EURIBOR or any other Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight reference rate, 
insert: 
If – other than in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined below) – the Screen Page is not available or if no 
such quotation appears as at such time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to

--- Page 129 ---
Page 129 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] [insert other 
period]) for the Reference Interest Rate at approximately [11.00 a. m.] [insert relevant time] ([insert relevant 
time zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day]. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Reference Interest Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one [thousandth][insert other rounding rules] 
of a percentage point, with [0.0005][insert other rounding rules] being rounded upwards) of such offered 
quotations[, however at least 0.00% per annum], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Reference Interest 
Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate [per annum] [insert other time period] which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one [thousandth] [insert other 
rounding rules] of a percentage point, with [0.0005][insert other rounding rules] being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated at the request of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two 
or more of them, at which such banks were offered, as at [11.00 a.m.][insert relevant time] ([insert relevant time 
zone]) on the relevant [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day], deposits in the Specified Currency 
for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the [insert financial centre] interbank market [in the Euro-
Zone][, however at least 0.00% per annum]. 
If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions the Issuer will 
determine the Reference Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period at its equitable discretion according to § 317 
of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") and also having regard to the operational 
requirements of the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent of any determination made 
by it under these Conditions. 
"Reference Banks" means the offices of not less than [four] [insert other number] major banks in the [relevant] 
[insert relevant financial centre] interbank market [in the Euro-Zone] selected by the Issuer. 
Reference Interest Rate replacement in case of a Discontinuation Event. If (i) a public statement or information 
has been published by the competent administrator of the Reference Interest Rate to the effect that the Reference 
Interest Rate has ceased to be representative or is no longer an industry-accepted rate for debt market instruments 
such as the Notes, or comparable instruments, (ii) a public statement or information has been published to the 
effect that the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate commences the orderly wind-down of the Reference 
Interest Rate or ceases the calculation and publication of the Reference Interest Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the publication of such statement or information, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Reference Interest Rate (iii) the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceedings (affecting the 
administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority, (iv) the competent 
authority for the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate withdraws or suspends the authorisation pursuant to 
Article 35 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmarks Regulation") or the recognition 
pursuant to Article 32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or requires the cessation of the endorsement pursuant to 
Article 33(6) of the Benchmarks Regulation, provided that, at the time of the withdrawal or suspension or the 
cessation of endorsement, there is no successor administrator that continues to provide the Reference Interest Rate 
and its administrator commences the orderly wind-down of the Reference Interest Rate or ceases to provide the 
Reference Interest Rate or certain maturities or certain currencies for which the Reference Interest Rate is 
calculated permanently or indefinitely; or (v) the Reference Interest Rate is otherwise discontinued or it becomes 
unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference Interest Rate for any other reason (each of 
the events in (i) through (v) a "Discontinuation Event"), the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced, on [the] 
[each] [relevant Interest Determination Date] [determine other day], by a rate determined or procured, as the case 
may be, by the Issuer (the "Successor Reference Interest Rate") according to the following paragraphs in the 
order of (I)-(III) provided that the determination of any Successor Reference Interest Rate or Successor Reference 
Rate, and any other related changes to the Notes, shall be made in accordance with the relevant Capital Regulations 
(if applicable) and shall not prejudice qualification of (i) the Senior Eligible Notes as eligible liabilities or (ii) the 
Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes as eligible liabilities, as applicable, in each case for the purposes of and in 
accordance with the Capital Regulations: 
(I) 
The Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is determined by any 
applicable law or regulation or announced by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, the 
competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the Reference 
Interest Rate and the source of which is accessible to the Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall thereafter 
inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and,

--- Page 130 ---
Page 130 
subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14. If, on any previous Interest Determination 
Date, the Successor Reference Interest Rate was also determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (I), no other publication obligations will apply for the Issuer in connection with such Successor 
Reference Rate or any adjustments or changes made in relation thereto or relating to the determination of 
the [Rate of Interest] [or] [the] [Interest Amount] [determine other rate or amount] as set out below; 
(II) 
An Independent Adviser will in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) choose a successor reference 
rate that is most comparable to the Reference Interest Rate, provided that if the Independent Adviser 
determines that there is an industry accepted reference rate as being most comparable to the Reference 
Interest Rate, then the Independent Adviser will use such reference rate as successor reference rate (the 
"Successor Reference Rate") and determine which screen page or source shall be used in connection 
with such Successor Reference Rate (the "Successor Screen Page"). Provided that such Successor Screen 
Page is accessible to the Calculation Agent, any reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the date 
of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate on be read as a reference to the Successor Screen 
Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Independent Adviser will 
notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
about such determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 14. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Interest Rate with a Successor Reference 
Interest Rate in accordance with the above paragraphs (I) or (II) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may specify (i) an interest adjustment factor or fraction or spread (to 
be added or subtracted) which shall be applied to the Successor Reference Interest Rate, for the purpose 
of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the Reference Interest Rate 
before the Discontinuation Event occurred, and (ii) any further changes necessary for determining the 
Rate of Interest and calculating the Interest Amount in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Reference Interest Rate (such as the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day 
Convention, Business Days, the Interest Determination Dates, the method of calculating the Interest 
Amount). Thereafter, the Issuer shall inform the Calculation Agent at the latest 10 days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date and, subsequently the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 14 (other 
than in the case set out in paragraph (I) above). 
(III) 
If the source of the successor rate for the Reference Interest Rate determined in accordance with the above 
paragraph (I) or the Successor Screen Page determined in accordance with the above paragraph (II) is not 
accessible to the Calculation Agent or if the Independent Adviser fails to determine the Successor 
Reference Rate at the latest 10 days prior to the Interest Determination Date and to notify the Calculation 
Agent or in the event that the Issuer, having used reasonable endeavours, fails to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or the period to determine a Successor Reference Interest Rate according to the provisions above 
was not sufficient, the Issuer will decide in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) and not less than 
3 Business Days prior to the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] relating to the [next 
succeeding Interest Period][determine other event / day] (the "Procedures Determination Date"): 
[(a)] 
that the Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered quotation for the Reference Interest Rate 
which appeared on the Screen Page on the last day preceding the relevant Interest Determination 
Date on which such quotations were offered and shall thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes 
in accordance with § 14[.] [; or 
(b) 
to redeem the Notes in whole but not in part and subject to the adherence of the Conditions to 
Early Redemption and Repurchase (as defined in § 6[(11)]) and subject to the prior permission 
of the Resolution Authority, by giving not less than 20 days' notice in accordance with § 14, at 
the Final Redemption Amount (as defined below pursuant to § 6), together with interest (if any) 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for such early redemption. 
Such notice of redemption shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
the date determined for redemption, which shall be the second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment 
Date] following the Procedures Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
the Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 131 ---
Page 131 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the [Rate of Interest][Reference Interest Rate] applicable from 
the last [Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date][determine other day] prior to the redemption date until 
(but excluding) the redemption date shall be the [Rate of Interest][Reference Interest Rate] applicable to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period.]] 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international standing or an independent 
financial adviser with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
"Reference Interest Rate" means the offered quotation for the [number]-month SOFR which appears on the 
New York Federal Reserve's website as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([insert relevant time zone]) 
on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day]. 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve's website, in each case 
on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If SOFR is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time and, (1) unless the Issuer has confirmed to 
the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day applies for which SOFR was 
published on the New York Federal Reserve's website; or (2) if the Issuer has confirmed to the Calculation Agent 
that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as being the rate 
that was recommended as the replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a replacement 
for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other 
designated administrator), provided that, if no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer 
as having been recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if (i) references to SOFR were references to OBFR, (ii) references to 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day were references to New York Business Day, (iii) references to SOFR 
Index Cessation Event were references to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references to SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date were references to OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date; and provided further that, if 
no such rate has been notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as having been so recommended within one 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date and an OBFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date has occurred, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if (x) references to SOFR were references to FOMC 
Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. Government Securities Business Day were references to New York Business 
Day and (z) references to the New York Federal Reserve's website were references to the Federal Reserve's 
website. 
Where: 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [[second] [insert other applicable number of days] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end]7 of the relevant [Floating] Interest Period.] [first day 
of the relevant [Floating] Interest Period.] [[•] U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to [the expiry] [the 
[Floating] Coupon Date] of the relevant [Floating] Interest Period.] 
"FOMC Target Rate" means, the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the Federal Reserve's website or, if the Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single rate, 
the mid-point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee and published 
on the Federal Reserve's website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target range and 
the lower bound of the target range). 
 
7  
In case of SOFR interest determination in arrear, the Interest Determination Date shall not be less than five 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Coupon Date.

--- Page 132 ---
Page 132 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
"New York Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks in New 
York are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency). 
"OBFR" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate in 
respect of the New York Business Day immediately preceding such Interest Determination Date as provided by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the 
New York Federal Reserve's website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Interest Determination Date. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), 
ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
may no longer be used. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the OBFR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish 
or provide OBFR; or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of OBFR 
that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap transactions. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate), 
ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate may no longer be used. 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity prohibiting the use of the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, 
including existing swap transactions.] 
§ 2 
Currency, Denomination, Issue Date, Form, Custody 
(1) 
Currency – Denomination – Issue Date. This Series of notes (the "Notes") of Raiffeisen Bank S.A. 
(the "Issuer") is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the "Issue Date") in [insert Specified Currency] 
(the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [aggregate principal amount]

--- Page 133 ---
Page 133 
(in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the denomination of [insert Specified 
Denomination8] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form. 
(a) 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(b) 
Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" or the "Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be 
signed by two duly authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note to be 
exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(b) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange – Permanent Global Note. 
(i) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global 
Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in 
the Specified Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" and, 
each a "Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each be signed by two duly authorised signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
(ii) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a 
date not earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such 
exchange shall only be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is 
not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding 
Notes through such financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any 
such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global 
Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 2(2). Any securities delivered in exchange 
for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States. For 
purposes of this subparagraph, "United States" means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands).] 
(3) 
Custody. The Global Note will be kept in safe keeping by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
[In the case that the Global Note is an NGN, insert: The Notes are issued in New Global Note form and 
are kept in safe keeping by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's 
interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by ICSD stating the principal 
amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
ICSD at that time. For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial early redemption of the 
 
8 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount 
in such other currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000.

--- Page 134 ---
Page 134 
Notes the outstanding redemption amount will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a nominal 
reduction or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs. 
On any redemption in respect of, or purchase by or on behalf of the Issuer and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the Global Note details of such redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) shall be entered by or on behalf of the Issuer in the records of the ICSDs.] 
[In the case that the Global Note is a CGN, insert: The Notes are issued in Classical Global Note form 
and are kept in safe keeping by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
§ 3 
Status 
(1) 
Status Eligible Notes. The Notes are intended to qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments (as defined 
below). 
[In the case of Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes, insert: 
(2) 
Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes: The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking in the event of normal insolvency proceedings 
(bankruptcy proceedings) (faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) of the Issuer: 
(a) 
junior to the Issuer's Preferred Obligations, so that in any such event no amounts will be payable 
in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Preferred Obligations have been satisfied in full; 
(b) 
pari passu (i) among themselves; and (ii) (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions and 
without prejudice to the aforesaid) with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Notes; and 
(c) 
senior to all present or future obligations under (i) Non-Preferred Senior Instruments and any 
obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu with Non-Preferred Senior Instruments; (ii) all 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, but not limited to, instruments or obligations 
of the Issuer that result from own funds items (as defined in the Capital Regulations) of the 
Issuer); and (iii) ordinary shares, preference shares and other Common Equity Tier 1 instruments 
pursuant to Article 28 CRR of the Issuer. 
Where: 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to 
time, and any references in these Conditions to relevant Articles of the CRR include references to any 
applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such Articles from time to time. 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means any directly issued debt instruments of the Issuer that qualify 
as eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to Article 72b CRR and/or to the Romanian Recovery and 
Resolution Act, as the case may be, which are included in the amount to be complied with for the 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities pursuant to the Romanian Recovery and 
Resolution Act, including any debt instruments that qualify as eligible liabilities items pursuant to 
transitional provisions under the CRR and/or the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act, as the case 
may be. 
"Issuer's Preferred Obligations" means all obligations of the Issuer which pursuant to mandatory 
provisions of law rank or are expressed to rank senior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes. 
"Non-Preferred Senior Instruments" means any obligations of the Issuer which fall or are expressed to 
fall within the category of obligations described in Article 2341 of the Romanian Insolvency Act and any 
other obligations of the Issuer which, to the extent permitted by Romanian law, rank or are expressed to 
rank pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Instruments of the Issuer. 
"Romanian Insolvency Act" means Law no. 85/2014 on insolvency prevention procedures and on 
insolvency procedure (Legea 85/2014 privind procedurile de prevenire a insolvenţei şi de insolvenţă), as

--- Page 135 ---
Page 135 
amended or replaced from time to time and any references in these Conditions to relevant provisions of 
the Romanian Insolvency Act include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or 
replacing such provisions from time to time.] 
[In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes, insert: 
(2) 
Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes: The Notes constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, 
and constitute non-preferred senior obligations of the Issuer provided that they meet the criteria for debt 
instruments pursuant to Article 2341 of the Romanian Insolvency Act. The Notes are intended to qualify 
as Eligible Liabilities Instruments (as defined below). 
In the event of normal insolvency proceedings (bankruptcy proceedings) (faliment) or liquidation 
(lichidare) of the Issuer, claims on the principal amount and the interest of the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
junior to the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations, so that in any such event no amounts will be 
payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations have been satisfied 
in full; 
(b) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future Non-Preferred Senior 
Instruments; and 
(c) 
senior to all present or future claims under: (i) ordinary shares, preference shares and other 
Common Equity Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 28 CRR of the Issuer; (ii) Additional 
Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 52 CRR of the Issuer; (iii) Tier 2 instruments pursuant to 
Article 63 CRR of the Issuer and any other (if any) instruments or obligations of the Issuer that 
result from own funds items of the Issuer; and (iv) all other subordinated instruments or 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Where: 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to 
time, and any references in these Conditions to relevant Articles of the CRR include references to any 
applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such Articles from time to time. 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means any directly issued debt instruments of the Issuer that qualify 
as eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to Article 72b CRR and/or to the Romanian Recovery and 
Resolution Act, as the case may be, which are included in the amount to be complied with for the 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities pursuant to the Romanian Recovery and 
Resolution Act, including any debt instruments that qualify as eligible liabilities items pursuant to 
transitional provisions under the CRR and/or the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act, as the case 
may be. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" means all unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer (other than Non-Preferred Senior Instruments) which, in accordance with their terms or pursuant 
to mandatory provisions of law, rank or are expressed to rank senior to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes, including any present or future claims in respect of liabilities which are excluded from eligible 
liabilities items pursuant to Article 72a (2) of the CRR or which are excluded from the application of the 
write-down or conversion powers in accordance with the provisions of Articles 286 and 287 of the 
Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act (transposing Article 44 (2) and (3) of BRRD). 
"Non-Preferred Senior Instruments" means any obligations of the Issuer under debt instruments which 
meet the criteria for debt instruments pursuant to Article 2341 of the Romanian Insolvency Act and any 
other obligations of the Issuer which, to the extent permitted by Romanian law, rank or are expressed to 
rank pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Instruments of the Issuer. 
"Romanian Insolvency Act" means Law no. 85/2014 on insolvency prevention procedures and on 
insolvency procedure (Legea 85/2014 privind procedurile de prevenire a insolvenţei şi de insolvenţă), as 
amended or replaced from time to time and any references in these Conditions to relevant provisions of 
the Romanian Insolvency Act include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or 
replacing such provisions from time to time.

--- Page 136 ---
Page 136 
"Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act" means Romanian Law no. 312/2015 on recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and for amending and supplementing certain 
normative acts of financial matter (Legea nr. 312/2015 privind redresarea şi rezoluţia instituţiilor de 
credit şi a firmelor de investiţii, precum şi pentru modificarea şi completarea unor acte normative în 
domeniul financiar) as amended or replaced from time to time, transposing BRRD. Any references in 
these Conditions to relevant provisions of the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act include references 
to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time.] 
(2) 
No Negative Pledge; No Set-off/Netting; No Security/Guarantee; No Enhancement of Seniority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision included in these Terms and Conditions. 
No Holder may set off any claims under the Notes against any claims of the Issuer. The Notes are not 
subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in 
resolution. 
The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee by the Issuer or any other person or subject to 
any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. 
(3) 
(a)  
Recognition of Bail-in 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements, or understandings between the Issuer and any Holder, by its acquisition of the Notes, each 
Holder acknowledges and accepts that the Amounts Due arising under these Notes may be subject to the 
exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees 
to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority, that may include 
and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Notes into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue 
to or conferral on the Holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including 
by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes; 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of Bail-
in Power by the Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of Amounts Due on the Notes, will become due and payable or be 
paid after the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority if and to the extent such 
amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such 
exercise. 
(c) 
Event of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof 
into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of 
the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an Event of Default 
or a default for any purpose.

--- Page 137 ---
Page 137 
(d) 
Notice to Holders 
Upon the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, 
the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Holders in accordance with § 14 as soon as 
practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of 
such notice to the Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent for information purposes. Any delay or failure 
by the Issuer in delivering any notice referred to in this § 3(d) shall not affect the validity and 
enforceability of the Bail-in Powers. 
Where: 
"Amounts Due" are the aggregate principal amount of, together with any accrued but unpaid interest due 
on, the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but 
which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority. 
"Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any law or regulation in effect in Romania 
relating to the transposition of BRRD, including but not limited to the Romanian Recovery and Resolution 
Act and/or any other law or regulation applicable in Romania relating to the resolution of unsound or 
failing credit institutions, investment firms or their affiliates (otherwise than through bankruptcy 
(faliment), liquidation (lichidare) or other normal bankruptcy proceedings) and the instruments, rules and 
standards created thereunder, respectively, pursuant to which any obligation of a credit institution or 
investment firm or affiliate of a credit institution or investment firm can be reduced, cancelled, modified 
or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of such entity or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period). 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 
2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) 
No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council, as implemented 
into Romanian law by the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act, as amended from time to time, or 
such other acts as may come into effect in place thereof and any references in these Conditions to relevant 
articles of the BRRD include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such 
articles from time to time. 
"Capital Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, standards, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity for credit institutions of either (i) the National Bank of Romania and/or 
(ii) any other national or European authority, in each case then in effect in Romania and applicable to the 
Issuer, including, as at the date hereof, CRR, CRD IV, BRRD, as well as any delegated or implementing 
acts adopted by the European Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority, 
each as amended from time to time, or such other acts as may come into effect in place thereof and any 
references in these Terms and Conditions to relevant articles of the Capital Regulations include references 
to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such articles from time to time. 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as implemented into Romanian law, as amended from time to time, or such other acts as 
may come into effect in place thereof and any references in these Conditions to relevant articles of the 
CRD IV include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such articles from 
time to time. 
"Resolution Authority" means the National Bank of Romania or any other resolution authority which is 
responsible for recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an individual and/or consolidated basis pursuant to 
the Capital Regulations.

--- Page 138 ---
Page 138 
§ 4 
Interest 
[In case of Fixed Rate Notes, insert: 
(1) 
Rate of Interest, Interest Period[s]. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest based on their principal amount during the Interest Period[s] from 
(and including) [insert interest commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in 
case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1))]. 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in 
case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date][Maturity Date] 
[and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Interest Payment Date] to 
(but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following 
Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: next 
following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
The rate of interest is [insert Rate of Interest]% per annum. 
(2) 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] in each year (each 
such date a "Coupon Date").] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the "Coupon Date").] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on [insert 
last Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" means subject to § 5[(6)] (Business Day Convention) such Business Day, on 
which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
[In the case of short/long Interest Periods insert: The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended]. The [first Coupon Date is: [•]] [last Coupon Date is: [•]].] 
(3) 
Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of less than 
a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below).] 
[In case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
(1) 
Interest Period[s], Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. 
(a) 
Interest Period[s]. The Notes shall bear interest in arrear based on their principal amount during 
the Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period 
insert: [last] Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Maturity Date 
(as defined in § 6(1))]. 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Coupon Date] [in 
case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] 
[and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: Interest Payment Date] to 
(but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next following 
Coupon Date or last Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Interest Period insert: the next 
following Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted.

--- Page 139 ---
Page 139 
(b) 
Coupon Date[s], Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest shall be payable [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] in arrear. [Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] 
(each such date a "Coupon Date").] [Coupon Date is on [insert Coupon Date] (the "Coupon 
Date").] 
[The first Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Coupon Date]. The last Coupon Date shall be on 
[insert last Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [the] [each] Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" means subject to § 5[(6)] (Business Day Convention) such Business 
Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
[In the case of short/long Interest Period insert: The [first] [last] Interest Period is [shortened] 
[extended]. The [first Coupon Date is: [insert first Coupon Date] [("First Coupon Date")]] [last 
Coupon Date is: [insert last Coupon Date] [("Last Coupon Date")]].] 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for [the][each] Interest Period will be, except 
as provided below, 
[For EURIBOR or another Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight 
reference rate, insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate[, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00% per annum, 
a Reference Interest Rate of 0.00% per annum will be applied,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, 
insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin, insert: 
[plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a 
percentage rate [per annum] [insert other time period].] 
[For Compounded Daily €STR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily €STR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with the formula below on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] (as 
defined below) [, whereby a Compounded Daily €STR of 0.00% per annum will be applied, should such 
Compounded Daily €STR be below 0.00% per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, 
multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] 
[minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage 
rate [per annum] [insert other time period]. 
The Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the [fifth] [•] decimal place, with [0.000005] [•]% being rounded upwards: 
                [∏(1 + 𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation 
Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such Applicable Period.

--- Page 140 ---
Page 140 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day 
in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is "p" Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] Business Days (provided that "p" shall not be less 
than five Business Days without the prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such 
number is specified five Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where lag is 
specified as the Observation Method: the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i".][otherwise: the 
relevant Business Day "i".]] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert:  
the Compounded Daily SOFR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with the formula below on the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) [, whereby a 
Compounded Daily SOFR of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied, should such Compounded Daily 
SOFR be below 0.00 per cent per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied 
by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the 
[relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate per annum. 
The Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Interest Rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] ×
𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the Observation 
Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year used for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in such Applicable Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Applicable Period.

--- Page 141 ---
Page 141 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(provided that "p" shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days without the prior 
written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Interest Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where 
lag is specified as the Observation Method: the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i".][otherwise: the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i".]] 
[In the case of short/long first Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the First Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)] 
[In the case of short/long last Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Last Coupon Date (the "Interpolated 
Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest rate will be the linear interpolation between 
the available reference interest rate with the next shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Interest 
Period and the available reference interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period.)] 
["Factor" means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [•] Interest Period] 
as [+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
["Margin" means [for the [first] [•] Interest Period] [•] [for the [•] Interest Period [•]].] 
[In case of Notes with Fixed to Fixed, Fixed to Floating or Fixed to Fixed to Floating interest rates, insert: 
(1) 
[Fixed Interest.] 
(a) 
Rate of Interest, [Fixed] Interest Period[s], Interest Exchange Day. [In case of one 
interest rate for the entire [Fixed] Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate of interest for the 
[Fixed] Interest Rate Period is [insert Rate of Interest]% [per annum] [insert other period] (the 
"[Fixed] Interest Rate").] 
[In case of several interest rates during the [Fixed] Interest Rate Period, insert: The rate[s] of 
interest during the [Fixed] Interest Rate Period [is][are] for the [first] [Fixed] Interest Period 
[from the Interest Commencement Date to the [first][[Fixed] Coupon Date][[Fixed] Interest 
Payment Date] [insert Rate of Interest]% [per annum] [,][and] [for the [n-th] [Fixed] Interest 
Period from the [insert relevant [Fixed] Coupon Date][insert relevant [Fixed] Interest Payment

--- Page 142 ---
Page 142 
Date] to the [insert relevant [Fixed] Coupon Date][insert relevant [Fixed] Interest Payment 
Date] [insert Rate of Interest]% [per annum]] [,][and] [insert further/other period] (the relevant 
"[Fixed] Interest Rate[s]")].] 
The Notes shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear based on their 
principal amount during the [Fixed] Interest Period[s] from (and including) [insert interest 
commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the [in case of 
no adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period insert: [first] [•] [last] [Fixed] Coupon Date] [, i.e. 
[insert date]] [in case of an adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period insert: [first] [•] [last] [Fixed] 
Interest Payment Date] (the "[Fixed] Interest Rate Period"). 
"[Fixed] Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Interest Period insert: [first] [[Fixed] 
Coupon Date] [or] [Interest Exchange Day]] [in case of an adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period 
insert: [first] [[Fixed] Interest Payment Date] [or] [Interest Exchange Day]] [and thereafter from 
(and including) each [in case of no adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period insert: [Fixed] Coupon 
Date] [in case of an adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period insert: [Fixed] Interest Payment 
Date] to (but each excluding) [in case of no adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period insert: the 
next following [Fixed] Coupon Date or Interest Exchange Day, as the case may be] [in case of 
an adjustment of [Fixed] Interest Period insert: next following [Fixed] Interest Payment Date 
or Interest Exchange Day, as the case may be]]. 
"Interest Exchange Day" means [the [last] [Fixed] Coupon Date, i.e. [insert date]] [the [Fixed] 
Interest Payment Date relating to the [last] [Fixed] Coupon Date i.e. [insert [last] [Fixed] 
Coupon Date]]. 
The [Fixed] Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
[Fixed] Coupon Date[s], [Fixed] Interest Payment Date[s]. Interest during the [Fixed] Interest 
Period shall be payable in arrear. [[Fixed] Coupon Dates are [in each case] on [insert [Fixed] 
Coupon Date(s)] [in each year] (each such date a "[Fixed] Coupon Date").] [[Fixed] Coupon 
Date is on [insert [Fixed] Coupon Date] (the "[Fixed] Coupon Date").] 
[The first [Fixed] Coupon Date shall be on [insert first [Fixed] Coupon Date]. The last [Fixed] 
Coupon Date [insert last [Fixed] Coupon Date].] 
Interest on the Notes during the [Fixed] Interest Period shall be payable on [each][the] [Fixed] 
Interest Payment Date. 
"[Fixed] Interest Payment Date" means subject to § 5[(6)] (Business Day Convention) such 
Business Day, on which the interest is in fact due and payable. 
[In the case of short/long [Fixed] Interest Period, insert: The [first] [last] [Fixed] Interest Period 
is [shortened] [extended]. The [first [Fixed] Coupon Date is: [insert first [Fixed] Coupon Date] 
[last [Fixed] Coupon Date is: [insert last [Fixed] Coupon Date].] 
(c) 
Calculation of Fixed Interest for Partial Periods. If interest during the [Fixed] Interest Period is 
required to be calculated for a period of less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction for [Fixed] Interest Periods of Notes with Fixed to [Fixed] [to] [Floating] 
interest rates. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined 
below) during which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation 
Period will be the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by [the product of

--- Page 143 ---
Page 143 
(1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the 
Calculation Period will be the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] 
the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination 
Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year]. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on 
which interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any 
year to but excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid 
(if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30/360 or Bond Basis).] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the 
first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, 
the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30E/360 or Eurobond 
Basis).] 
[If 360/360, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with twelve 30-day months (360/360).]

--- Page 144 ---
Page 144 
[(2)] 
[Floating Interest. 
(a) 
Rate of Interest, Floating Interest Period[s]. The Notes shall bear interest in arrear based on their 
principal amount during the Floating Interest Period[s] from (and including) the Interest 
Exchange Day to (but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period 
insert: [last] Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period 
insert: Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1))]. 
"Floating Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Exchange Day to 
(but excluding) the [in case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating 
Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: [first] Floating 
Interest Payment Date] [Maturity Date] [and thereafter from (and including) each [in case of no 
adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment 
of Floating Interest Period insert: Floating Interest Payment Date] to (but each excluding) [in 
case of no adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: the next following Floating Coupon 
Date or last Floating Coupon Date] [in case of an adjustment of Floating Interest Period insert: 
the next following Floating Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date]]. 
The Floating Interest Period[s] will be [un]adjusted. 
(b) 
Floating Coupon Date[s], Floating Interest Payment Date[s]. Floating interest shall be payable 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] in arrear. ["Floating Coupon Dates" are in each case on 
[insert floating coupon dates] [in each year] (each such date a "Floating Coupon Date").] 
["Floating Coupon Date" is the [insert floating coupon date].] 
[The first Floating Coupon Date shall be on [insert first Floating Coupon Date]. The last 
Floating Coupon Date shall be on [insert last Floating Coupon Date].] 
 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on [each][the] Floating Interest Payment Date. 
"Floating Interest Payment Date" means subject to § 5[(6)] (Business Day Convention) 
such Business Day, on which the interest during the Floating Interest Period is in fact due and 
payable. 
[In the case of short/long Floating Interest Periods insert: The [first] [last] Floating Interest 
Period is [shortened] [extended]. The [first Floating Coupon Date is: [insert first Floating 
Coupon Date] [("First Coupon Date")]] [last Floating Coupon Date is: [insert last Floating 
Coupon Date] [("Last Coupon Date")]].] 
(c) 
Floating Rate of Interest. The floating rate of interest (the "Floating Rate of Interest") for 
[the][each] Floating Interest Period will be, except as provided below, 
[For EURIBOR or another Reference Interest Rate other than a compounded daily overnight 
reference rate, insert: 
the Reference Interest Rate [, however, should such Reference Interest Rate be below 0.00% per 
annum, a Reference Interest Rate of 0.00% per annum will be applied,] [in case of multiplication 
with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case 
of a Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] [insert other time period].] 
[For Compounded Daily €STR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily €STR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period 
in accordance with the formula below on the [Interest Determination Date] [determine other 
day] (as defined below) [, whereby a Compounded Daily €STR of 0.00% per annum will be 
applied, should such Compounded Daily €STR be below 0.00% per annum,] [in case of 
multiplication with a factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and 
subsequently]] [in case of a Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage rate [per annum] [insert other 
time period].

--- Page 145 ---
Page 145 
The Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference 
Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as at the relevant [Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the [fifth] [•] decimal place, with 
[0.000005] [•]% being rounded upwards: 
                               [∏(1 + 𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the 
Observation Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year 
used for the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable 
Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such Applicable 
Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Exchange Day) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] Business Days (provided that "p" shall 
not be less than five Business Days without the prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent 
or, if no such number is specified five Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, [where 
lag is specified as the Observation Method: the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in 
the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day 
"i".][otherwise: the relevant Business Day "i".]] 
[For Compounded Daily SOFR, insert: 
the Compounded Daily SOFR calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period 
in accordance with the formula below on the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) [, 
whereby a Compounded Daily SOFR of 0.00 per cent per annum will be applied, should such 
Compounded Daily SOFR be below 0.00 per cent per annum,] [in case of multiplication with a 
factor, insert:, multiplied by the [positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]] [in case of a 
Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the [relevant] Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum.

--- Page 146 ---
Page 146 
The Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference 
Interest Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the [fifth] [●] decimal place, with [0.000005] [●]% 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 +
𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] ×
𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means [if the Observation Method is lag: the Interest Period][if the 
Observation Method is observation shift: the Observation Period]. 
"BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"D" means [insert the relevant number of days] and represents the number of days in the year 
used for the calculation of the Rate of Interest. 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such Applicable 
Period. 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in such Applicable Period. 
"i" means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
"ni" for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"Observation Method" means [lag][observation shift]. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Exchange Day) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable). 
"p" means, for any Applicable Period, [insert number] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days (provided that "p" shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
without the prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is specified 
five U.S. Government Securities Business Days). 
"r" means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR in respect of 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
"r(i-pBD)" means the applicable Reference Interest Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above 
for, [where lag is specified as the Observation Method: the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (being a U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i".][otherwise: the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i".]] 
[In the case of short/long first Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, 
insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the First Floating Coupon 
Date (the "Interpolated Floating Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest

--- Page 147 ---
Page 147 
rate will be the linear interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next 
shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference 
interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period. 
Provided, however, that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall calculation the Rate of Interest at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines appropriate.)] 
[In the case of short/long last Floating Interest Period and if interpolation is applicable, insert: 
(This shall not apply for the Floating Interest Period which ends with the Last Floating Coupon 
Date (the "Interpolated Floating Interest Period"), for which the relevant reference interest 
rate will be the linear interpolation between the available reference interest rate with the next 
shorter term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period and the available reference 
interest rate with the next longer term than the term of the Interpolated Floating Interest Period. 
Provided, however, that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall calculation the Rate of Interest at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines appropriate.)] 
["Factor" means a positive or negative number and has been determined [for the [first] [•] 
Interest Period] as [+][-] [insert number] [insert further].] 
["Margin" means [for the [first] [•] Interest Period] [•] [for the [•] Interest Period [•]].]9 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction for Floating Interest Periods of Notes with Fixed to [Fixed to] Floating 
interest rates. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined 
below) during which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation 
Period will be the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by [the product of 
(1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the 
Calculation Period will be the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] 
the number of days in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year]; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination 
Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year]. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on 
which interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any 
 
9  
Insert initial credit spread determined at pricing (which shall not include any increase of the rate of interest 
(step up) or other incentive to redeem the Notes).

--- Page 148 ---
Page 148 
year to but excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid 
(if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30/360 or Bond Basis).] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the 
first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, 
the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30E/360 or Eurobond 
Basis).] 
[If 360/360, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with twelve 30-day months (360/360).]] 
[(3)] 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
[Floating] Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the [Floating] Rate of Interest and calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant [Floating] Interest 
Period. The relevant [Floating] Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the [Floating] Rate of 
Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to [the outstanding aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes] [the Specified Denomination] and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the 
Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards. 
[(4)] 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
[In case of interest determination in advance, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the [Floating] Rate of Interest, the Interest Amount for each [Floating] 
Interest Period, each [Floating] Interest Period and the relevant [Floating] Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange 
as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the [second] [•] Business

--- Page 149 ---
Page 149 
Day prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest Period] [first day of the relevant 
[Floating] Interest Period] [insert other date], and 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of 
the stock exchange on which the Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.] 
Each [Floating] Interest Amount and each [Floating] Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the [Floating] Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange and to the Holders 
as soon as possible in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing).] 
[In case of interest determination in arrear, insert: 
The Calculation Agent will cause the [Floating] Rate of Interest, the Interest Amount for each [Floating] 
Interest Period, each [Floating] Interest Period and the relevant [Floating] Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
[to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange 
as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the [[•] Business Day 
prior to the expiry of the relevant [Floating] Interest Period] [[the second] [•] Business Day prior 
to the [[Floating] Coupon Date] [[Floating] Interest Payment Date] of the [relevant] [Floating] 
Interest Period] [insert other date], and] 
[(i) 
to be notified to the Issuer, the Clearing System, the Paying Agent and if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange on 
the day which is two (2) Business Days after the end of the [Interest Determination Date] [specify 
other date], and] 
(ii) 
to be notified to the Holders without delay in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock 
Exchange Listing) hereof. 
[Publications of information relating to the interest determination pursuant to the rules and regulations of 
the stock exchange on which the Notes are listed will be made to the extent provided for by such rules.]]] 
[In case of Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
(1) 
No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will not be any periodic payments of interest on the Notes. The 
Amortisation Yield[s] [is][are] [insert Amortisation Yield]. 
[In the case of different Amortisation Yields for individual Interest Periods, set forth applicable 
provisions (including fallback provisions) herein]] 
[(5)]  
Accrual of Interest and Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
accrue on the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes from (and including) the due date to (but excluding) 
the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by law.1 
[In case of Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
[(6)]  
Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
1  
According to paragraphs 288(1) and 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) ("BGB"), the 
default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published 
by Deutsche Bundesbank semi-annually.

--- Page 150 ---
Page 150 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable, insert: 
The Calculation Period will be calculated on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined below) 
during which it falls (including in the case of short coupons), the Calculation Period will be the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in 
such Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year]; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period (long coupon), the Calculation 
Period will be the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days 
in such Determination Period [and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year]; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by [the product of (1)] the number of days in such Determination Period [and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year]. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including [insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then such dates in the alternative)] in any year to but 
excluding the next [insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is normally paid (if more than one, 
then such dates in the alternative)] (Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)).] 
[If Actual/Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) (Actual/Actual (ISDA)).] 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365. (Actual/365 (Fixed)).] 
[If Actual/360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (Actual/360).] 
[If 30/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) (30/360 
or Bond Basis).] 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month) (30E/360 or Eurobond Basis).]

--- Page 151 ---
Page 151 
[If 360/360, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with twelve 30-day months (360/360).]] 
§ 5 
Payments 
(1) 
(a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal, and any additional amounts, in respect of the Notes 
shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
[In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes and any additional amounts shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes which are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note to be exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in § 2(2)(b).] 
[(2)] 
[Payment Reference Date. Payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made to the Holders 
shown in the holders' registry as provided by the Clearing System, on the payment reference date (the 
"Payment Reference Date") which is to be determined as follows: 
(a) 
regarding payments due in case of acceleration, the date when any notice declaring the Notes 
due and payable is given by a Holder in accordance with § 10 and 
(b) 
in relation to any other payments on the Notes, at the close of business on the 15th calendar day 
before the due date for payment thereof (including the Maturity Date). Any person who acquires 
a Note between a Payment Reference Date and the corresponding due date for a payment of 
interest shall not be entitled to receive payment of interest on the Notes for the corresponding 
interest due date notwithstanding that such person is shown in the holders' registry on the relevant 
interest due date as the Holder of the Note. 
No Holder may transfer its Note(s) during the period from and including [in case of Notes admitted to 
trading on the spot regulated market or an alternative trading system operated by the Bucharest 
Stock Exchange insert: the second Business Day prior to] the Payment Reference Date immediately 
preceding the Maturity Date up to and including the Maturity Date.] 
[(3)] 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts 
due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the freely negotiable and convertible currency which on the 
respective due date is the currency of the country of the Specified Currency. 
[In the case of Notes not denominated in Euro, insert: 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the respective Payment Business Day is not available 
to it in such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons beyond its control or that the Specified 
Currency or any successor currency to it provided for by law (the "Successor Currency") is no longer 
used for the settlement of international financial transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment obligations 
by making such payment in Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the respective 
Payment Business Day on the basis of the Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled to 
[further] interest or any other payment as a result thereof. The "Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be, 
(i) if available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for the Specified Currency or the Successor 
Currency determined and published by the European Central Bank for the most recent practicable date 
falling within a reasonable period (as determined by the Issuer in its equitable discretion) prior to the day 
on which the payment is made or, (ii) if such rate is not available, the foreign exchange rate of the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency against the Euro as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion.]

--- Page 152 ---
Page 152 
[(4)] 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
[(5)] 
Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day, then the Holder, subject to subparagraph ([6]) shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place. Irrespective of the provisions regarding the Interest Period, 
the Holder shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any day which is a Business Day. 
[(6)] 
[(a)]  
Business Day Convention [for Fixed Rate Notes]. If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of [any][Fixed Rate] Notes would fall on a day which is not a Business Day, payment of such 
amount shall be 
[if Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the [Fixed] Interest Payment 
Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if FRN Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the [Fixed] Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent [Fixed] Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] 
after the preceding applicable [Fixed] Interest Payment Date.] 
[In case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
[(b)]  
Business Day Convention for Floating Rate Notes. If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Floating Rate Notes would fall on a day which is not a Business Day, payment of such 
amount shall be 
[if Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Floating Interest 
Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[if FRN Convention, insert: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Floating Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Floating Interest Payment Date shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] 
after the preceding applicable Floating Interest Payment Date.]] 
§ 6 
Redemption 
(1) 
Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [in case of a specified Maturity Date 
insert such Maturity Date] [in case of a Redemption Month insert: the [Floating] Interest Payment Date 
falling in [insert Redemption Month and Redemption Year]] (the "Maturity Date"). 
(2) 
Final Redemption Amount. 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at their principal amount insert: 
The final redemption amount in respect of each Note shall be equal to its principal amount (the "Final 
Redemption Amount").]

--- Page 153 ---
Page 153 
[If the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount other than the principal amount insert: 
The final redemption amount in respect of each Note shall be [insert currency] [insert amount greater 
than or equal to the principal amount] for each Note (the "Final Redemption Amount").] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation insert: 
(3) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
(a) 
If there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes, including, but not limited to, 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations in Romania or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, 
or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws or 
regulations (including relevant court decisions), which amendment or change is effective on or 
after the date on which the last tranche of this Series of Notes was issued, and if the Issuer is 
required pursuant to any such change or amendment to pay additional amounts [in case of Notes 
other than Zero Coupon Notes insert: on the immediately succeeding [Floating] [Fixed] 
[Interest Payment Date] (as defined in § 4)] [in case of Zero Coupon Notes insert: at maturity 
or upon the sale or exchange of any Note], and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of 
reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the Issuer may, upon giving not more than 60 days' 
and not than 30 days' prior notice in accordance with § 6[(7)], at any time redeem the Notes in 
whole, but not in part, at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) [in case of Notes 
other than Zero Coupon Notes insert: together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption (but excluding)] on the date fixed for early redemption specified in the notice, 
provided that the conditions provided in § 6[(11)] are met. 
(b) 
However, such early redemption may not occur (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such 
additional amounts does not remain in effect. [In case of Floating Rate Notes insert: The date 
fixed for early redemption must be [a [Floating] Coupon Date] [Fixed Coupon Date] [[an] [a 
Fixed] Interest Payment Date][a Floating Interest Payment Date].]] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(4)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole or in part, upon giving not more than [60][•] [Business 
Days'] [days'] nor less than [30][•] [Business Days'] [days'] notice in accordance with § 6[(7)], 
on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the [Call Redemption Amount[s]] set forth below together 
with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the [respective] Call Redemption Date, provided 
that the conditions provided in § 6[(11)] are met. 
(b) 
"Call Redemption Date[s]" means [insert Call Redemption Date[s]]. 
(c) 
"Call Redemption Amount[s]" means [insert Call Redemption Amount[s] and corresponding 
Call Redemption Date[s]]]. 
(d) 
[If the Notes are redeemed early only in part, the Notes to be redeemed are determined according 
to the rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form, the following 
applies: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial redemption the outstanding 
redemption amount will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in nominal 
amount or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons insert: 
[(5)] 
Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. 
If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that occurs on or after the Issue Date of 
the Notes and that would be likely to result or has resulted in their exclusion in full or in part from 
liabilities eligible for the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) of the 
Issuer pursuant to the Romanian Recovery and Resolution Act on an unlimited and uncapped basis, except

--- Page 154 ---
Page 154 
where such exclusion is due to the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than the period prescribed 
by the relevant Capital Regulations [insert in the case of Senior Eligible Notes: or to a subordination 
requirement being imposed by the Resolution Authority in respect of the Notes], the Issuer may, upon 
giving not more than [60][[•]][Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30][[•]][Business Days'] [days'] 
prior notice in accordance with § 6[(7)], at any time redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at the 
[Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption Amount], [together with interest (if any) accrued to but 
excluding the date fixed for early redemption] on the date fixed for early redemption in the notice, 
provided that the conditions provided in § 6[(11)] are met. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount 
insert: 
[(6)] 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount. 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, upon giving not more than [60] [insert other 
number] [Business Days'] [days'] nor less than [30] [insert other number] [Business Days'] [days'] prior 
notice in accordance with § 6([(7)]) early and redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if 75 per cent. or 
more of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or 
repurchased by the Issuer, and in each case, cancelled.] 
[(7)] 
Notice of Early Redemption. 
Any notice of early redemption of the Notes shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and pursuant 
to § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) to the Holders and shall specify: 
(a) 
the Series of Notes that is to be redeemed; 
(b) 
a statement as to whether the Series is redeemed in whole or in part and in the latter case the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; 
(c) 
the date fixed for early redemption; and 
(d) 
the [Early][Final] [Call] Redemption Amount at which the Notes are redeemed. 
[(8)] 
No Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder. The Holders do not have a right to demand an early 
redemption of the Notes. 
[In case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
[(9)] 
Early Redemption Amount. 
The Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall be equal to [the Final Redemption Amount pursuant to 
§ 6(2)][insert other amount/rate] (the "Early Redemption Amount").] 
[In case of Zero Coupon Notes, insert: 
[(9)] 
Early Redemption Amount. 
The Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall be equal to the Amortised Face Amount (the "Early 
Redemption Amount"). 
(a) 
[In the case of accrued interest being added: The amortised face amount ("Amortised Face 
Amount") of a Note shall be an amount equal to the sum of (i) [insert Reference Price] (the 
"Reference Price"), and (ii) the product of the Amortisation Yield being [insert Amortisation 
Yield] (compounded annually) and the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the 
Notes become due and payable.] 
[In the case of unaccrued interest being deducted: The amortised face amount ("Amortised 
Face Amount") of a Note shall be the principal amount thereof adjusted for interest from (and 
including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the date of final repayment by the Amortisation

--- Page 155 ---
Page 155 
Yield, being [insert Amortisation Yield]. Such calculation shall be made on the assumption of 
an annual capitalisation of accrued interest.] 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year (the "Calculation Period") shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined in § 4). 
[(b) 
If the Issuer fails to pay the Early Redemption Amount when due, the Amortised Face Amount 
of a Note shall be calculated as provided herein, except that references in subparagraph (a) above 
to the date fixed for redemption or the date on which such Note becomes due and repayable shall 
refer to the earlier of (i) the date on which upon due presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Note (if required), payment is made, and (ii) the fourteenth day after notice has been given by 
the Fiscal Agent in accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing) that the funds 
required for redemption have been provided to the Fiscal Agent.]] 
[(10)] 
Rounding of Redemption Amounts. Redemption amounts are rounded to [insert number] decimals. 
[(11)] 
Conditions for Early Redemption and Repurchase. Any early redemption pursuant to § 1(III)(b) and this 
§ 6 and any repurchase pursuant to § 13(2) is subject to the Issuer having obtained the prior permission 
of the Resolution Authority for the early redemption or any repurchase pursuant to § 13(2) in accordance 
with the Articles 77 and 78a CRR in each case having satisfied one of the following conditions: 
(a) 
on or before the redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with own 
funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority, that its own funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities provided in CRR, CRD IV and BRRD by a margin that the 
Resolution Authority, acting in agreement with the Competent Authority may consider 
necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority, that the partial or full 
replacement of the Notes with own funds instruments (as defined in the Capital Regulations) is 
necessary to ensure compliance with own fund requirements provided in CRR and CRD IV for 
continuing authorisation. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation insert: In the case of any early 
redemption pursuant to § 6 (3) such permission may further require that the Issuer has demonstrated to 
the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority that the applicable change in tax treatment is material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the Notes.] 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of any Resolution Authority and/or Competent Authority to grant 
any required permission, approval or other consent shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
Where: 
"Competent Authority" means the competent authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(40) CRR which is 
responsible to supervise the Issuer on an individual and/or consolidated basis, including as at the date of 
this Prospectus, the National Bank of Romania.

--- Page 156 ---
Page 156 
§ 7 
Agents 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents (the "Agents") and their respective specified offices 
are: 
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent": 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
[other/further Fiscal/Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s)] 
["Calculation Agent": 
[The Fiscal Agent shall also act as Calculation Agent.] 
[insert name and address of Calculation Agent]] 
[Other Agents: [insert name and address of other Agents]] 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to change its respective specified office to some 
other specified office in the same country. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint another Fiscal Agent/Paying Agent or 
additional or other Agents in accordance with all applicable regulations. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after 10 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance 
with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing). 
(3) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Agents named above act solely as agent of the Issuer and do not have any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) 
Determinations Binding. All determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained under these Conditions by any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer and all other Agents/agents and the Holders. 
§ 8 
Taxation 
(1) 
Taxation. All amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be made by the Issuer free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by Romania or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. 
If such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer shall withhold or deduct from amounts 
payable in respect of the Notes to a Holder sufficient funds for the payment of any tax that it is required 
to withhold or deduct under Romanian law and shall not pay such additional amounts to the Holder in 
respect of such withholding or deduction. 
At least 5 Business Days prior to the relevant interest payment date, the Issuer will receive from the 
Holders through the relevant ICSD(s) and/or intermediaries and custodians via the Fiscal Agent 
information as regards the identity and residency for tax purposes of any Holder. On the basis of such 
information, the Issuer will determine the applicability of the withholding or deduction required by 
Romanian law. 
If such withholding or deduction is required by law and the Issuer withholds or deducts from amounts 
payable in respect of the Notes to a Holder the necessary funds for the payment of any tax that it is 
required to withhold or deduct under Romanian law, the Issuer shall (subject to the applicable law and 
upon the relevant Holder's request) provide that Holder with the relevant documents required for the

--- Page 157 ---
Page 157 
Holder to request from the competent Romanian tax authority the certificate evidencing such withholding 
in Romania (certificatul de atestare a impozitului plătit de nerezident). 
Any endeavour to adjust the supplementary income tax paid or in order to obtain reimbursement of such 
supplementary income tax paid shall be incumbent on the Holder. 
For greater clarity, no additional amounts will be payable on account of any Taxes which: 
(a) 
are payable by any person (including the Issuer) acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Holder, or by the Issuer if no custodian bank or collecting agent is appointed or 
otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a withholding or deduction by the Issuer from 
payments of principal or distributions made by it; or 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or business connection 
with Romania; or 
(c) 
are withheld or deducted, if such payment could have been effected by another custodian bank 
or collecting agent without such withholding or deduction; or 
(d) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 14 (Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing), whichever occurs later; or 
(e) 
would not be payable if the Holder is able to avoid such a withholding or deduction providing a 
certificate of residence, certificate of exemption or any other similar documents. 
(2) 
FATCA Withholding. The Issuer will be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the 
rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by 
another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA Withholding"). The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional 
amounts or otherwise indemnify a Holder, beneficial owner or other intermediary for any such FATCA 
Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
§ 9 
Presentation Period 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) ("BGB") in relation to the Notes is reduced to ten years. 
§ 10 
Events of Default 
No Holder shall have the right to accelerate the future scheduled payment of interest or principal under the Notes, 
other than in the insolvency (faliment) or liquidation (lichidare) of the Issuer. 
No Holder shall have the right to accelerate the future scheduled payment of interest or principal under the Notes 
in case an early intervention (intervenție timpurie) measure, a resolution (rezoluţie) measure, a moratorium or any 
other action or measure that may be taken against the Issuer pursuant to the Romanian Recovery and Resolution 
Act. 
§ 11 
Substitution 
[This paragraph is not applicable.] 
§ 12 
Amendment of these Conditions, Holders' Representative 
(1) 
Amendment of these Conditions. In accordance with §§ 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Debt Securities 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree with the 
Issuer on amendments of these Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution 
with the majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who 
are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously.

--- Page 158 ---
Page 158 
 
To the extent that any amendments to these Conditions may affect the eligibility criteria for the Notes to 
qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments, such amendments are subject to the prior approval of the 
Resolution Authority. 
(2) 
Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75% of the votes cast. Resolutions 
relating to amendments of these Conditions which are not material and which do not relate to the matters 
listed in § 5 paragraph 3 Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) 
Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. A meeting 
of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for such a meeting will only take place in the 
circumstances of § 18 paragraph 4 sentence 2 of the SchVG. 
(4) 
Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) 
Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the principal 
amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) 
Holders' Representative. 
[If no Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions: The common representative 
(the "Holders' Representative") shall be [insert name and address of the Holders' Representative]. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual remuneration, 
unless the Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. 
To the extent that the Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, 
the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations 
of the Holders' Representative. 
§ 13 
Further Issues, Repurchases and Cancellation 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same Conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Repurchases. Provided that the conditions provided in § 6[(11)] are met, the Issuer may repurchase Notes 
in any market or otherwise and at any price. Notes repurchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. 
§ 14 
Notices / [No] Stock Exchange Listing 
[If Notes are not intended to be listed, insert: 
(1) 
Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
[If Notes are intended to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, insert: 
(1) 
Publication. As long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices concerning the 
Notes will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on www.LuxSE.com or such 
other website or other medium for the publication of notices as required in accordance with the rules and

--- Page 159 ---
Page 159 
regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuer will also publish notices on its website 
www.raiffeisen.ro. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on the day 
of such publication. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. If the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may make a publication referred to in § 14(1) by giving notice to the Clearing System for communication 
by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in § 14(1) above; any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(3)]  
Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made in text form (Textform) in 
the English language. The notice must be accompanied by proof that such notifying Holder is holder of 
the relevant Notes at the time of the giving of such notice. Proof may be made by means of a certificate 
of the Custodian (as defined in § 15(3) (Final Provisions)) or in any other appropriate manner. So long 
as Notes are securitised in the form of a Global Note, such notice may be given by the Holder to the Fiscal 
Agent through the Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may 
approve for such purpose. 
§ 15 
Final Provisions 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed by German law, except that the status provisions in § 3 (Status) shall be 
governed by, and shall be construed exclusively in accordance with, Romanian law. 
(2) 
Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Subject to § 10, any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes 
on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, 
(b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of 
such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Global Note representing the 
Notes in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or 
a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the actual 
records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Subject to § 10, each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce its rights under the Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings. 
(4) 
Language. These Conditions are written in the English language only.

--- Page 160 ---
Page 160 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[In the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will be 
displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com).] 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is [eligible counterparties][,] [and] [professional clients], each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) [all channels][insert as appropriate] for distribution of 
the Notes [is][are] appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].][Insert further details on target market, client categories, etc.][•] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.][] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision the expression retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of the following (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and 
by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.]

--- Page 161 ---
Page 161 
[SUSTAINABILITY PREFERENCES WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 2 POINT (7) 
DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2017/565, AS AMENDED –  
[An amount equal to the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes shall be invested to a minimum proportion of 
[include relevant percentage] in [environmentally sustainable investments as defined by Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 ("EU Taxonomy"). The Issuer shall invest in [include relevant environmental objective(s)].] 
[sustainable investments as defined by Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 ("SFDR"). The Issuer shall invest in [include 
relevant sustainable investment(s)]].] 
[The Notes consider principal adverse impacts on sustainability factors[, inter alia, [insert considered 
sustainability factor(s)]].] 
[The Notes have a focus on [environmental][social][governance] criteria [or] [a combination of [include 
combined criteria]]. The Notes are being issued in accordance with the [ICMA [[Green][Social] Bond 
Principles][Sustainability Guidelines]][insert other applied reputable standard]].][●]]

--- Page 162 ---
Page 162 
FINAL TERMS 
[Date] 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes]10 (the "Notes") 
[(to be consolidated, form a single series with and increase the aggregate principal amount of the [Title of 
relevant Series of Notes] issued on [•][and increased on […]] with the ISIN [•])]11 
Series: [•], Tranche [•] 
[ISIN […]]12 
Interim ISIN [•] 
Permanent ISIN [•] 
issued pursuant to the 
EUR 2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
dated 30 April 2024 of 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier: 549300RFKNCOX56F8591 
Issue Date: [•] 
Issue Price: [•] 
[These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in connection with Article 25(4) of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 30 April 2024 
[and the supplement(s) dated [•]] (the "Prospectus") (including the documents incorporated into the Prospectus 
by reference), pertaining to the EUR 2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Raiffeisen Bank S.A. 
(the "Programme"). Full information about Raiffeisen Bank S.A. and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus (and any supplement thereto) 
is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com), 
on the website of the Issuer (www.raiffeisen.ro) and copies may be obtained from Raiffeisen Bank S.A., 246D 
Calea Floreasca, FCC Office Building, Bucharest 1st District, Romania. Investors shall be aware that any 
supplement to the Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the Issuer's website (www.raiffeisen.ro).  
 
10 
"Notes" in the Final Terms shall have the meaning of "Ordinary Senior Notes", "Subordinated Notes" or 
"Eligible Notes". 
11 
Include only in the case of fungible tranches. 
12 
Include in case of first tranche.

--- Page 163 ---
Page 163 
PART I.: CONDITIONS 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option II or Option III including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert: 
The Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") are as set out below. 
[in case of Ordinary Senior Notes replicate here relevant provisions of Option I including relevant further options 
contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[in case of Subordinated Notes replicate here relevant provisions of Option II including relevant further options 
contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[in case of Eligible Notes replicate here relevant provisions of Option III including relevant further options 
contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring to the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option II or Option III including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to 
[Ordinary Senior][Subordinated][Notes][[Ordinary Senior][Non-Preferred Senior] Eligible Notes] (the "Terms 
and Conditions") set forth in this Prospectus as [Option I][Option II][Option III]. Capitalised terms not otherwise 
defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the set of Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this part of the Final Terms to numbered Articles and subparagraphs are to Articles and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in the Final Terms which are either not selected 
or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the 
Notes (the "Conditions").]

--- Page 164 ---
Page 164 
DEFINITIONS (§ 1)13 
Business Day 
[T2] [insert all relevant financial centres] 
Clearing System 
 
 
 Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
 
 Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
 
 Depozitarul Central SA 
 
 Reference Interest Rate other than 
SOFR 
 
 
Interest Determination Date 
means the [[second] [insert other applicable number of 
days] Business Day prior to the [commencement][end] of 
the relevant [Floating] Interest Period.] [first day of the 
relevant [Floating] Interest Period.] [[•] Business Day[s] 
prior to [the expiry] [the [Floating] Coupon Date] of the 
relevant [Floating] Interest Period.]] 
 
Reference Interest Rate 
means the offered quotation for the [number]-month 
[EURIBOR] [ROBOR] [€STR] [insert other reference 
interest rate] which appears on the Screen Page as of 
[11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([insert relevant 
time zone]) on the [Interest Determination Date] 
[determine other day]. 
 
Screen Page 
means 
[REUTERS 
Screen 
Page 
[EURIBOR01] 
[ROBOR=]] [insert other Screen Page and additional 
information if necessary] or each successor page.] 
 EURIBOR 
or 
another 
Reference 
Interest Rate other than a compounded 
daily overnight reference rate 
[EURIBOR][insert Reference Interest Rate] 
 
Period for offered quotation 
[per annum][insert other period] 
 
Relevant time / time zone 
[11.00 a.m.][insert relevant time]([insert relevant time 
zone]) 
 
Offered quotation determination date 
[Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] 
 
Roundings 
[thousandth] [insert other rounding rules] 
 
 
[0.0005] [insert other rounding rules] being rounded 
upwards 
 
Reference Interest Rate Floor 
[Yes, at 0.00% per annum][No] 
 
Financial Centre 
[insert financial centre]  
 
Reference Banks 
means the offices of not less than [four] [insert other 
number] major banks in the [relevant] [insert relevant 
financial centre] interbank market [in the Euro-Zone] 
selected by the Issuer. 
 
13 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted.

--- Page 165 ---
Page 165 
 
Reference Interest Rate Replacement Date 
[the] [each] [relevant Interest Determination Date] 
[determine other day] 
 
Calculation of 
[Rate of Interest] [or] [the] [Interest Amount][determine 
other rate or amount] 
 
Procedures Determination Date 
Not less than 3 Business Days prior to the [Interest 
Determination Date] [determine other day] relating to the 
[next succeeding Interest Period][determine other event / 
day] 
 
Early Redemption at the Final Redemption 
Amount 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Early Redemption at the Early Redemption 
Amount 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Date 
Second [Coupon Date][Interest Payment Date] following 
the Procedures Determination Date 
 
Applicable [Rate of Interest] [Reference 
Interest Rate] 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the [Rate of 
Interest][Reference Interest Rate] applicable from the last 
[Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date] [determine other 
day] prior to the redemption date until (but excluding) the 
redemption date shall be the [Rate of Interest][Reference 
Interest Rate] applicable to the immediately preceding 
Interest Period.]] 
 Compounded Daily SOFR 
 
 
Interest Determination Date 
means the [[second] [insert other applicable number of 
days] U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the [commencement][end] of the relevant [Floating] 
Interest Period.] [first day of the relevant [Floating] Interest 
Period.] [[•] U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to [the expiry] [the [Floating] Coupon Date] of the 
relevant [Floating] Interest Period.]] 
 
Reference Interest Rate 
means the offered quotation for the [number]-month 
SOFR which appears on the New York Federal Reserve's 
website as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] 
([insert relevant time zone]) on the [Interest Determination 
Date] [determine other day]. 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, ISSUE DATE(S), FORM, CUSTODY (§ 2) 
 
Currency – Denomination – Issue Date 
 
 
Issue Date 
[•] 
 
Specified Currency 
[•] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[•] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in Words 
[•] 
 
Specified Denomination14 
[•] 
 
14 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount 
in such other currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000.

--- Page 166 ---
Page 166 
 
Form 
 
 
 
Permanent Global Note 
 
 
 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Permanent 
Global Note 
 
 
 
New Global Note (NGN) 
 
 
 
Classical Global Note (CGN) 
 
STATUS (§ 3) 
 Ordinary Senior Notes 
 
 Subordinated Notes 
 
 Eligible Notes 
 
 
 Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes 
 
 
 Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes 
 
INTEREST (§ 4) 
 Fixed Rate Notes 
 
 
 
Rate of Interest; Interest Period[s] 
 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[•] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
[•] % [per annum] [insert other period] 
 
Coupon 
Date[s], 
Interest 
Payment 
Date[s] 
 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 
 
Coupon Date(s) 
[insert Coupon Date(s)] 
 
 
[First Coupon Date] 
[insert first Coupon Date] 
 
 
[Last Coupon Date] 
[insert last Coupon Date] 
 
 
Short/Long Interest Periods 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
 Floating Rate Notes15 
 
 
 
Coupon Dates, Interest Payment 
Dates 
 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[•] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 
15 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted.

--- Page 167 ---
Page 167 
 
 
Coupon Date(s) 
[insert Coupon Date(s)] 
 
 
[First Coupon Date] 
[insert first Coupon Date] 
 
 
[Last Coupon Date] 
[insert last Coupon Date] 
 
 
Short/Long Interest Periods 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interpolation 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
 For EURIBOR or another Reference 
Interest Rate other than a compounded 
daily overnight reference rate 
[EURIBOR][Insert Reference Interest Rate] 
 
 
 
Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently] 
 
 
 
 
Plus Margin 
 
 
 
 
 
Minus Margin 
 
 
 
expressed as a percentage rate 
[per annum] [insert other time period] 
 
 Compounded Daily €STR 
 
 
 
Determination Date 
[Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] 
 
 
Compounded 
Daily 
Overnight 
Reference Rate Floor 
[Yes, at 0.00% per annum][No] 
 
 
 
Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently] 
 
 
 
 
Plus Margin 
 
 
 
 
Minus Margin 
 
 
expressed as a percentage rate 
[per annum] [insert other time period] 
 
 
Rounding (for calculation of the 
Compounded 
Daily 
Overnight 
Reference Rate) 
[fifth] [•] decimal place with [0.000005] [•]% being 
rounded upwards 
 
 
Observation Method 
[lag][observation shift] 
 
 
"D", the number of days in the year 
used for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest 
[360][365][•] 
 
 
"p" 
[insert number] Business Day[s] 
 
 Compounded Daily SOFR 
 
 
 
SOFR floor at 0.00 per cent per 
annum 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently] 
 
 
 
 
Plus Margin 
 
 
 
 
 
Minus Margin

--- Page 168 ---
Page 168 
 
 
Rounding (for calculation of the 
Compounded 
Daily 
Overnight 
Reference Rate) 
[fifth] [•] decimal place with [0.000005] [•]% being 
rounded upwards 
 
 
Observation Method 
[lag][observation shift] 
 
 
"D", the number of days in the year 
used for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest 
[•] 
 
 
"p" 
[insert number] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days 
 
 
Margin 
 
 
 flat 
 
 
 plus 
[for the [first] [•] Interest Period] [•] [for the [•] Interest 
Period [•]] 
 
 minus 
[for the [first] [•] Interest Period] [•] [for the [•] Interest 
Period [•]] 
 
 
Factor 
[Not Applicable] [+][-] [insert number] [for the [first] [•] 
Interest Period] [insert further] 
 
 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 Outstanding 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
 
 
 Specified denomination16 
 
 
 
Notification of Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 Interest determination in advance 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [•] Business Day prior to the commencement of 
the [relevant] [Floating] Interest Period] [first day of the 
[relevant] [Floating] Interest Period][insert other date] 
 
 Interest determination in arrear 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [•] Business Day prior to the [Floating][Coupon 
Date] [Interest Payment Date] of the [relevant] [Floating] 
Interest Period [insert other day] and [two (2) Business 
Days after the end of the [Interest Determination Date]] 
[specify other date] 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 (Bond Basis)] 
 
16 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount 
in such other currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000.

--- Page 169 ---
Page 169 
[30E/360 (Eurobond Basis)] 
[360/360] 
 Fixed to [Fixed] [to] [Floating] Rate 
Notes17 
 
[(1)] 
Fixed Interest 
 
 
a) 
Fixed Rate[s] of Interest 
[•]% [per annum] [insert other period] 
[If applicable, insert Fixed Rate(s) of Interest for each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[•] 
 
 
Fixed Coupon Date(s) 
[•] 
 
 
Frequency of interest payments 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 
 
Interest Exchange Day 
[•] 
 
 
Adjustment of Interest Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
b) 
[First] Fixed Coupon Date 
[•] 
 
 
[Last Fixed Coupon Date] 
[•] 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 (Bond Basis)] 
[30E/360 (Eurobond Basis)] 
[360/360] 
[(2) 
Floating Interest 
 
a) 
Interest 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] 
 
 
Adjustment 
of 
Floating 
Interest 
Periods 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 (Bond Basis)] 
[30E/360 (Eurobond Basis)] 
[360/360] 
b) 
[First] Floating Coupon Date 
[•] 
 
 
[Last Floating Coupon Date] 
[•] 
 
17 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted.

--- Page 170 ---
Page 170 
c) 
[First] [last] [short]/[long] Floating 
Interest Period 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
 
Interpolation 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 Reference Interest Rate 
 
 
 
[Reference Interest Rate at least 
0.00% per annum 
[Yes][No] 
 
 Factor 
[for the [first] [[•]] Interest Period] as [+][-] [insert 
number] [insert further] 
 
 Margin 
[for the [first] [•] Interest Period] [•] [for the [•] Interest 
Period] [•]] 
 
 For EURIBOR or another Reference 
Interest Rate other than a compounded 
daily overnight reference rate 
[EURIBOR][Insert Reference Interest Rate]  
 
 
 
Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently] 
 
 
 
 
Plus Margin 
 
 
 
 
 
Minus Margin 
 
 
 
expressed as a percentage rate 
[per annum] [insert other time period] 
 
 Compounded Daily €STR 
 
 
 
Determination Date 
[Interest Determination Date] [determine other day] 
 
 
Compounded 
Daily 
Overnight 
Reference Rate Floor 
[Yes, at 0.00% per annum][No] 
 
 
 
Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently] 
 
 
 
 
Plus Margin 
 
 
 
 
 
Minus Margin 
 
 
 
expressed as a percentage rate 
[per annum] [insert other time period] 
 
 
Rounding (for calculation of the 
Compounded 
Daily 
Overnight 
Reference Rate) 
[fifth] [•] decimal place with [0.000005] [•]% being 
rounded upwards 
 
 
Observation Method 
[lag][observation shift] 
 
 
"D", the number of days in the year 
used for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest 
[360][365][•] 
 
 
"p" 
[insert number] Business Day[s] 
 
 Compounded Daily SOFR 
 
 
 
SOFR floor at 0.00 per cent per 
annum 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 Multiplication with a factor 
[positive][negative] Factor [and subsequently]

--- Page 171 ---
Page 171 
 
 
 
 
Plus Margin 
 
 
 
 
 
Minus Margin 
 
 
 
Rounding (for calculation of the 
Compounded 
Daily 
Overnight 
Reference Rate) 
[fifth] [•] decimal place with [0.000005] [•]% being 
rounded upwards 
 
 
Observation Method 
[lag][observation shift] 
 
 
"D", the number of days in the year 
used for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest 
[•] 
 
 
"p" 
[insert number] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days] 
 
 
Interest Period 
 
 
 three months 
 
 
 six months 
 
 
 twelve months 
 
 
 Other Period 
[•] 
 
 
Margin 
 
 
 flat 
 
 
 plus 
[for the [first] [•] Interest Period] [•] [for the [•] Interest 
Period [•]] 
 
 minus 
[for the [first] [•] Interest Period] [•] [for the [•] Interest 
Period [•]] 
 
 
Factor 
[Not Applicable] [+][-] [insert number] [for the [first] [•] 
Interest Period] [insert further] 
 
 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 Outstanding 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
 
 
 Specified denomination18 
 
 
 
Floating Interest Period 
 
 
 three months 
 
 
 six months 
 
 
 twelve months 
 
 
 Other 
[•] 
 
18 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount 
in such other currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000.

--- Page 172 ---
Page 172 
 
 
Margin 
 
 
 flat 
 
 
 plus 
[for the [first] [•] Interest Period] [•] [for the [•] Interest 
Period [•]] 
 
 minus 
[for the [first] [•] Interest Period] [•] [for the [•] Interest 
Period [•]] 
 
 
Factor 
[Not Applicable] [+][-] [insert number] [for the [first] [•] 
Interest Period] [insert further] 
 
 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 Outstanding 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
 
 
 Specified denomination19 
 
 
 
Notification of Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount 
 
 
 Interest determination in advance 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second][•] Business Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Period] [first day of relevant Interest Period][insert other 
date] 
 
 Interest determination in arrear 
 
 
 
 
Date of notification 
[[second] [•] Business Day prior to the expiry of relevant 
Interest Period] [second] [•] Business Day prior to the 
[Coupon Date] [Interest Payment Date of the relevant 
Interest Period] [second Business Day after the end of the 
[Interest Determination Date]] [insert other date] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date preceding the 
Maturity Date 
[•] 
 
 
[First][last][short][long] 
Fixed 
Interest Period 
[Not Applicable] [•]] 
 Zero Coupon Notes20 
 
 
[[Different] Amortisation Yield(s) 
[Not Applicable] [insert Amortisation Yield] [Insert 
applicable provisions (including fallback provisions)]] 
Accrual of Interest and Default Interest 
 
 
 Principal amount 
 
 
 Redemption amount 
 
 
19 
Minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount 
in such other currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000. 
20 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted.

--- Page 173 ---
Page 173 
Day Count Fraction21 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 (Bond Basis)] 
[30E/360 (Eurobond Basis)] 
[360/360] 
PAYMENTS (§ 5) 
 
 
Payment Business Day 
 
 
 Payment Reference Date Applicable 
[Yes/No] 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes] 
 
 
 Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
 Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
 
 
 Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
 
 FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[•] [months][specify other] 
 
[Floating Rate Notes]22 
 
 
 Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
 Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
 
 
 Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
 
 FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[•][months][specify other] 
REDEMPTION (§ 6) 
 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
 
 Maturity Date 
[•] 
 
 Redemption Month and Redemption 
Year 
[•] 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
 Redemption on the Maturity Date at 
principal amount 
 
 
21  To be completed in case of Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. 
22  To be completed for the Floating Rate leg in case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes and Fixed to Fixed to 
Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 174 ---
Page 174 
 
 Redemption on the Maturity Date at 
an amount other than the principal 
amount 
[insert currency and amount greater than or equal to the 
principal amount] 
 
Early Redemption 
 
 Early Redemption for Reasons of 
Taxation 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[Final 
Redemption 
Amount]  
[Early Redemption Amount] 
[•] 
 
[Early 
Redemption 
for 
Regulatory 
Reasons 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[Final 
Redemption 
Amount]  
[Early Redemption Amount] 
[•] 
 
 
Minimum Notice Period 
 
 
 
 
Days 
[•] 
 
 
 
Business Days 
[•] 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period 
 
 
 
 
Days 
[•] 
 
 
 
Business Days 
[•] 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer23 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[•] 
 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[•] 
 
 
Minimum Notice Period 
 
 
 
 
Days 
[•] 
 
 
 
Business Days 
[•] 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period 
 
 
 
 
Days 
[•] 
 
 
 
Business Days 
[•] 
 
23 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted.

--- Page 175 ---
Page 175 
 
 
Early Redemption for Reasons of 
Minimal Outstanding Amount24 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[Final 
Redemption 
Amount]  
[Early Redemption Amount] 
[•] 
 
 
Minimum Notice Period 
 
 
 
 
Days 
[•] 
 
 
 
Business Days 
[•] 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period 
 
 
 
 
Days 
[•] 
 
 
 
Business Days 
[•] 
 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of 
the Holder25 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
Optional Early Redemption Date(s) 
[•] 
 
 
Optional 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[•] 
 
 
Minimum Notice Period 
[•] 
 
 
Maximum Notice Period 
[•] 
 
Early Redemption Amount in case of Notes 
other than Zero Coupon Notes26 
[•] 
 
Early Redemption Amount in case of 
Zero Coupon Notes27 
[•] 
 
 Addition of accrued interest 
 
 
 
Reference Price 
[•] 
 
 
Amortisation Yield 
[•] 
 
 
Issue Date 
[•] 
 
 Deduction of unaccrued interest 
 
Rounding of Redemption Amounts 
[insert number] 
AGENTS (§ 7) 
 
Additional 
Paying 
Agent(s)/specified 
office(s) 
[other/further Fiscal/Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s)] 
 
24  If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
25 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
26 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted. 
27 
If not applicable, the following items may be deleted.

--- Page 176 ---
Page 176 
 
Calculation Agent 
[Fiscal Agent shall act as Calculation Agent] [insert name 
and address of Calculation Agent] 
 
Other Agents 
[insert name and address of other Agents] 
SUBSTITUTION (§ 11)28 
 
 
§ 11(1)(d) provides for the issuance of a guarantee 
 
 
§ 11(1)(d) provides for the Substitute Debtor to have the same or better as the respective rating of 
the Issuer 
AMENDMENT OF THESE CONDITIONS; HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE (§ 12) 
 
Appointment 
of 
Holders' 
Representative 
 
 
 
Appointment by resolution passed 
by Holders 
 
 
 
Appointed in the Conditions 
[insert name, address and contact details of Holders' 
Representative] 
FURTHER ISSUES, REPURCHASES AND CANCELLATION (§ 13)29 
 
Last Issue Date for issues of further 
Subordinated Notes 
[•] 
NOTICES / [NO] STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING (§ 14) 
 
Notes are not intended to be listed 
 
Notes are intended to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
28  Only applicable for Ordinary Senior Notes. 
29  To be completed only in case of Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 177 ---
Page 177 
PART II.: OTHER INFORMATION 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue 
 
Other interests (not included in the Prospectus under "GENERAL 
INFORMATION / Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the 
issue") 
[specify other interests] 
Use of proceeds30 
 
 
Use of Proceeds 
[as 
set 
out 
in 
the 
Prospectus] 
[green 
bonds/social 
bonds/ 
sustainability bonds – 
specify details according 
to 
the 
Sustainability 
Bond 
Framework] 
[specify other use of 
proceeds] 
 
[Estimated net proceeds 
[•]] 
Selling Restrictions 
 
 
TEFRA C 
 
 
TEFRA D 
 
 
Neither TEFRA C nor TEFRA D 
 
ECB-eligible Security31 
[Yes][No] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
 
[Interim ISIN]32 
[Permanent] 32 ISIN 
[•] 
[•] 
 
30 
See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus. If the use of proceeds is different from the use of proceeds 
as stated in the Prospectus include such use here. 
31 
Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper) or in any other way admissible pursuant to the Eurosystem eligibility criteria, and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
[Include this text if "yes" is selected in which case the Notes must be issued in NGN form or in any other 
form admissible pursuant to ECB eligibility criteria.] 
Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper) or in any other way admissible pursuant to Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met. 
32 
Include only in the case of fungible tranches.

--- Page 178 ---
Page 178 
 
[Interim Common Code] 32 
[Permanent] 32 Common Code 
[•]  
[•] 
 
[Interim German Securities Code] 32 
[Permanent] 32 German Securities Code 
[•] 
[•] 
 
Any other securities number 
[•] 
 
Yield33 
[Not applicable] 
 
[Yield] 
[Unified Yield Rate] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
Resolutions, Authorisations and Approvals 
 
 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the Notes will 
be created 
[•] 
[ 
Registration of the Administrator pursuant to the Benchmarks 
Regulation34 
 
 
Benchmark 
[insert name of the 
Benchmark] 
 
Benchmark Administrator 
[insert name of the 
Administrator] 
 
Registration of the Benchmark Administrator in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on 
indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts 
or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17 /EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation") 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
applicable] [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, [[insert 
benchmark] does not 
fall within the scope of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of 
Article 2 of the Bench-
mark Regulation] [the 
transitional provisions in 
Article 51 
of 
the 
Benchmarks Regulation 
apply], such that [insert 
name of Administrator] 
is not currently required 
to obtain recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence.] 
 
33 
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes. 
34 
Insert only in case of Notes which reference to a Benchmark, whose administrator has not been disclosed in 
the Prospectus.

--- Page 179 ---
Page 179 
 
Method of distribution 
 
 
Non-syndicated 
 
 
Syndicated 
 
 
Stabilisation Dealer/Manager 
 
 
Stabilisation Dealer/Manager 
[insert details][None] 
 
Intended Admission(s) to Trading and Listing(s) / Dealing Agreements 
 
 
Admission(s) to Trading and Listing(s) 
[Yes][No][Application 
[has 
been][will 
be] 
made] 
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange: Admission: Regulated Market / Listing: 
Official List 
 
 
Bucharest Stock Exchange: Admission / Listing: Regulated Market 
 
 
Other 
[insert details] 
 
Expected date of admission 
[•] 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading 
[•] 
 
If different from the issuer, the identity and contact details of the person 
asking for admission to trading, including the legal entity identifier (LEI) 
where the person asking for admission to trading has legal personality. 
[•] 
 
Rating35 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been] [are expected to be] rated: 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider] 
 
 
[This credit rating [has] [is] / These credit ratings [have been] [are expected 
to be] issued by [insert full name of legal entity which has given / is expected 
to give the rating] which [[is] [are] established in the European Union, [is] 
[are] registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended and [is] [are] included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with this Regulation published by the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs).] 
[[is] [are] not established in the European Union and [is not][are not] 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies.]] 
 
 
35 
Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis.

--- Page 180 ---
Page 180 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors36 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[applicable] 
[not applicable] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[applicable] 
[not applicable] 
 
[Third Party Information 
 
 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the 
Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted 
the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the 
Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy 
thereof.] 
 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A. 
 
 
____________________________________ 
 
____________________________________ 
[Name & title of signatories] 
 
 
 
36 
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and a KID will be prepared, "not applicable" 
should be specified.

--- Page 181 ---
Page 181 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The Issuer may choose at its discretion to apply the provisions relating to resolutions of Holders under the German 
Act on Debt Securities (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") for certain issues of Notes. In case the rules 
relating to resolutions of Holders are applicable, the Holders can agree to amendments or decide on other matters 
relating to the Notes by way of resolution to be passed by taking votes without a meeting. Any such resolution 
duly adopted by resolution of the Holders shall be binding on each Holder of the respective issue of Notes, 
irrespective of whether such Holder took part in the vote and whether such Holder voted in favour or against such 
resolution. 
The rules of the SchVG are, if applied by the Issuer, largely mandatory, although they permit in limited 
circumstances supplementary provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions. 
The following is a brief overview of some of the statutory rules regarding the taking of votes without meetings 
and the convening and conduct of meetings of Holders, the passing and publication of resolutions as well as their 
implementation and challenge before German courts. 
To the extent that any amendments by majority resolution to the Terms and Conditions may affect the eligibility 
criteria for the Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments, such amendments are 
subject to the prior approval of the Competent Authority or the Resolution Authority, respectively. 
Specific Rules regarding Votes without Meeting 
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be (i) a notary 
public appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a common representative of the Holders (the "Holders' 
Representative") has been appointed, the Holders' Representative if the vote was solicited by the Holders' 
Representative, or (iii) a person appointed by the competent court. 
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During such voting 
period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such notice shall also set 
out in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid. 
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote based on 
evidence provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it is established that 
no quorum exists, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a meeting of the Holders. Within 
one year following the end of the voting period, each Holder participating in the vote may request a copy of the 
minutes of such vote and any annexes thereto from the Issuer. 
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks following 
the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person presiding over the 
taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, the person presiding over the taking of votes shall promptly publish 
the result. If the person presiding over the taking of votes does not remedy the objection, he shall promptly inform 
the objecting Holder in writing. 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of such 
proceedings. 
Rules regarding Holders' Meetings applicable to Votes without Meeting 
In addition, the statutory rules applicable to the convening and conduct of Holders' meetings will apply mutatis 
mutandis to any vote without a meeting. The following summarises some of such rules. 
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Holders' Representative, if any. Meetings of Holders 
must be convened if one or more Holders holding 5% or more of the outstanding Notes so require for specified 
reasons permitted by statute. 
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting out the 
proposals for resolution. 
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders' representing by value not less than 50% 
of the outstanding Notes. If the quorum is not reached, a second meeting may be called at which no quorum will

--- Page 182 ---
Page 182 
be required, provided that where a resolution may only be adopted by a qualified majority, a quorum requires the 
presence of at least 25%. of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes. 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more Global Notes, 
resolutions which amend or supplement the Terms and Conditions have to be implemented by supplementing or 
amending the relevant Global Note(s). 
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against an Issuer, a Holders' Representative, if appointed, is 
obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any resolutions passed by the 
Holders are subject to the provisions of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). 
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Conditions, Holders may bring an action to set aside such 
resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one month following the publication of the 
resolution.

--- Page 183 ---
Page 183 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Issuer and the Dealers have entered into the Dealer Agreement as a basis upon which they or any of them 
may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
1. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each New Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. Neither the Issuer nor 
any of the Dealers has represented that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each New Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, 
and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
3. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, and

--- Page 184 ---
Page 184 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses, where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
4. 
United States of America (the "United States") 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, any Note constituting part of its 
allotment within the United States except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has further represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting 
on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to a Note. 
From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make the relevant 
representation set forth in the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer (a) has acknowledged that the Notes have not been 
and will not be registered under the Securities Act; (b) has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or 
delivered any Notes, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes, (i) as part of its distribution at any time and 
(ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and closing date, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons and it has and will only offer, sell or deliver any 
Notes in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act; and accordingly, (c) has further 
represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or 
will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have complied and will comply 
with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S. 
Terms used in the above paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement 
with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of 
the Issuer. 
Notes, other than Notes with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in accordance with provisions 
identical to those described in the United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or substantially 
identical successor provisions) (the "TEFRA D Rules"), or in accordance with provisions identical to those 
described in the United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or substantially identical successor 
provisions) (the "TEFRA C Rules"), as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 185 ---
Page 185 
In addition, in respect of Notes issued in accordance with the TEFRA D Rules, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or 
its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver 
within the United States or its possessions definitive notes in bearer form that are sold during the restricted 
period; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such 
Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the TEFRA D Rules; 
(c) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes in bearer form for 
purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes in bearer 
form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of provisions identical 
to those described in the United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or substantially 
identical successor provisions); 
(d) 
it acknowledges that an offer or sale will be considered to be made in the United States or its possessions 
if it has an address within the United States or its possessions for the offeree or purchaser of a Note subject 
to such offer or sale; and 
(e) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes in bearer form for the purposes of 
offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (i) has repeated and 
confirmed the representations and agreements contained in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) on such 
affiliate's behalf or (ii) has agreed that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the 
representations and agreements contained in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d). 
Terms used in the above paragraphs (a) to (e) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and regulations thereunder, including the TEFRA D Rules. 
In addition, where the TEFRA C Rules are indicated in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche 
of Notes, Notes in bearer form must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in 
connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or 
delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes in bearer form within the United States or 
its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed in 
connection with the original issuance of Notes in bearer form, that it has not communicated, and will not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such Dealer or purchaser is within the 
United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of Notes in bearer 
form. Each Dealer has further represented that it has not advertised or promoted, and will not advertise or promote, 
directly or indirectly, any Notes in bearer form from or within the United States or its possessions or to prospective 
purchasers in the United States or its possessions. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the TEFRA C Rules. 
Each issue of index, commodity or currency linked Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree as a term of the issue and purchase of such Notes, 
which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the Final Terms. Each Dealer has agreed that it shall offer, 
sell and deliver such Notes only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
5. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under 
the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") because such offering is made to professional clients within the 
meaning of the FinSA only, the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another 
currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland. This Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no 
such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes.

--- Page 186 ---
Page 186 
6. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which 
term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or entity organised under the 
laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
7. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO 
and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance 
(Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "CWUMPO") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the 
meaning of the CWUMPO; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) 
other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong 
Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
8. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(b) 
to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
9. 
Romania 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each New Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it complies and will comply with the provisions of Law no. 24/2017 on issuers of 
financial instruments and market operations, as amended ("Law No. 24/2017") and the Prospectus Regulation in 
connection with the offering of the Notes in Romania and that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes

--- Page 187 ---
Page 187 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus or the Final Terms except that it may, make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in Romania: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made pursuant to 
an exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus as set out under Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation including: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time on the basis of any other exemptions from the obligation to prepare and publish a 
prospectus provided by Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or Article 6 of Regulation No. 5/2018 on 
issuers and operations with securities or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or 
(b) 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the competent authority in Romania or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and 
notified to the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that offer. 
Any subsequent sale of the Notes in Romania, which were previously offered in the cases referred to in (a) to (b) 
above must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules and a new 
assessment of the application of any exemption from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus must be 
made. 
For the purpose of this provision, the expression "offer of securities to the public" in relation to any of the Notes 
means a communication to persons in any form and by any means, presenting sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered, so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes.

--- Page 188 ---
Page 188 
TAXATION 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX 
ADVISERS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND 
DISPOSITION OF NOTES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER 
THE TAX LAWS OF ROMANIA AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR 
WHICH THEY MAY OTHERWISE BE LIABLE FOR TAXES. THE RESPECTIVE RELEVANT TAX 
LEGISLATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. 
Romania 
This section provides information about taxation which is required as per the Romanian tax legislation effective 
as of the date of this Prospectus, for the Notes issued by the Issuer.  
This section on taxation contains a brief summary of the Issuer's understanding with regard to certain important 
principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the Notes in Romania. 
This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects and does not deal with specific 
situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The following comments are rather of a 
general nature and included herein solely for information purposes. These comments are not intended to be, nor 
should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. It is based on the tax legislation in force as at the date of this 
Prospectus, case law and regulations of the tax authorities, as well as their respective interpretation, all of which 
may be amended from time to time. Such amendments may possibly also be effected with retroactive effect and 
may negatively impact on the tax consequences described. It is recommended that potential purchasers of the 
Notes consult with their legal and tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the 
Notes. Tax risks resulting from the Notes shall in any case be borne by the purchaser.  
General Remarks 
Enforced on 1 January 2016, the main taxes and charges in Romania are covered by the new Romanian Fiscal 
Code (Law no. 227/2015 regarding the Fiscal Code, Code as subsequently amended and supplemented (the 
"Romanian Fiscal Code")). However, the legislation and regulations regarding taxation in Romania as well as 
the related procedures are still developing and subject to change. The norms for application (approved by 
Government Decision no. 1/2016) have been published with respect to the application of the provisions included 
in the Romanian Fiscal Code. 
Romanian tax law and procedures are at times unclear and not well developed on matters of taxation of securities-
related income, being subject to frequent changes and interpretations. The local tax inspectors have considerable 
autonomy and may interpret tax rules inconsistently. Both the substantive provisions of Romanian tax law and the 
interpretation and application of those provisions by the Romanian tax authorities may be subject to more rapid 
and unpredictable change than in jurisdictions with more developed capital markets. 
Moreover, the still evolving situation in Romania and the limited precedent in legislative interpretation or in the 
manner in which related practical procedures are to be followed may result in inconsistencies and contradictions 
of the Romanian tax authorities in interpreting various tax rules and regulations. 
The following information is based on the Romanian legislation that is in force as at the date of the approval of 
this Prospectus and may be subject to any changes based on the amendments to be brought in the Romanian laws. 
The Romanian Fiscal Code does not provide for specific tax treatment applicable to the Notes intended to be 
issued by the Issuer. Therefore, the information below is of a general nature, applicable to interest income and 
capital gains which may be realised by investors upon investment in the Notes and are not intended as an 
exhaustive list of all the Romanian tax implications which could arise in relation with each type of Notes and 
which could be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of any of the Notes. Prospective investors in 
the Notes should consult their professional advisers with respect to particular circumstances, the effects of state, 
local or foreign laws to which they may be subject and as to their tax position. 
The information below does not cover the specifics of Romanian withholding tax procedure or possible refund 
procedures related to withholding taxes, which might be relevant for the investors in the Notes. 
The Romanian tax law defines securities (titluri de valoare) as being any participation titles (including shares) or 
any financial instrument, qualified as such by the relevant legislation of the state where they are issued, including 
derivative financial instruments. Therefore, the Notes may be classified as securities under the Romanian law.

--- Page 189 ---
Page 189 
Under the Programme, it is understood that holders of the Notes are entitled to receive only interest income. 
Additionally, by selling the Notes before the maturity date, investors may realise income from capital gains. 
Therefore, the information below relates to the taxation of both types of income under the current domestic law 
and applicable double taxation treaties. 
Taxation of Holders resident in Romania for tax purposes 
Under the Romanian Fiscal Code, a Romanian "resident individual" means an individual that either (a) has his/her 
domicile in Romania, or (b) has his/her centre of vital interests (centrul intereselor vitale) located in Romania, or 
(c) is present in Romania for a period or several periods exceeding in aggregate 183 days during any twelve 
consecutive months, and that period(s) end(s) in the calendar year relevant for tax purposes, or (d) is a Romanian 
citizen who works abroad as an officer or an employee of the Romanian state. A Romanian "resident" means any 
Romanian legal entity, any foreign legal entity which has its place of effective management in Romania, any legal 
entity having its headquarters in Romania, incorporated according to European legislation and any resident 
individual.  
Taxation on interest 
According to the Romanian Fiscal Code, interest is defined as "any amount required to be paid or received for the 
use of money, irrespective if this amount must be paid or received as a debt, in relation to a deposit account or in 
accordance with a financial leasing agreement, an instalment sale or any deferred payment sale". 
Income received on the Notes by Romanian resident legal entities in the form of interest on the Notes will be 
subject to corporate income tax (profit tax) at the rate of 16 per cent, at the level of said entity, provided that it 
qualifies as a corporate income tax payer, is in a profits tax position and does not fall under the minimum tax on 
turnover rules. Alternatively, if the said entity qualifies as microenterprise tax payer, depending on the type of 
activity registered for and if the annual income exceeds the EUR 60,000 threshold, the interest income would be 
taxed at 1 per cent or at 3 per cent. No withholding tax should be applied in this case by the Issuer. 
For the purposes of taxation of individuals, the interest income comprises, without being limited to, income from 
bonds, interest on current accounts, escrow accounts, demand deposits, collateral and fixed-term, including 
deposit certificates, interest related to loans granted, interest derived from alternative investment instruments of 
the type of structures in which a derivative instrument is related to a deposit account, as well as other income 
derived from receivables. Interest income received by Romanian resident individuals on interest-bearing products, 
including saving instruments (instrumente de economisire), such as the Notes, is subject to income tax at the rate 
of 10 per cent. The tax is withheld at source at the moment of interest payment and resident individuals receive 
only the net amount. 
Additionally, the individuals deriving income from interest are required to pay the social health insurance 
contribution, except when the annual level of investment incomes (including interest income) and, if applicable, 
inter alia, income from intellectual property rights, transfer of the use of goods, agricultural activities, associations 
with legal entities, other sources, as defined by the Romanian Fiscal Code, is below the level of 6 times the value 
of the national minimum gross wage. 
Taxation on capital gains 
Capital gains are not defined as such in the Romanian Fiscal Code. In general, the taxable income resulted from 
the transfer of securities is computed as the positive difference between the sale price and the acquisition price, 
less the costs related to the transaction.  
Income received by Romanian resident legal entities as capital gains from the transfer of Notes, will be subject to 
corporate income tax (profit tax) at the rate of 16 per cent, at the level of said entities, provided that they qualify 
as corporate income tax payers, are in a profits tax position and do not fall under the minimum tax on turnover 
rules. Alternatively, if the said entities qualify as microenterprise tax payers, depending on the type of activity 
registered for and if the annual income exceeds the EUR 60,000 threshold, the revenue would be taxed at 1 per 
cent or at 3 per cent. 
Capital gains obtained by Romanian resident individuals from the transfer of Notes will be subject to a tax at the 
rate of 10 per cent. The tax is not withheld at source, the owner of the income being responsible for declaring and 
paying the tax. The annual tax due by individuals for the net taxable gain will be determined by the competent tax 
authority based on the annual income tax return filed by the individuals.

--- Page 190 ---
Page 190 
As an exception, as of 1 January 2023, capital gains obtained by Romanian resident individuals from the transfer 
of Notes, if done through a Romanian intermediary (i.e., an intermediary tax resident in Romania or a non-resident 
with a Romanian permanent establishment qualifying as intermediary), is subject to a tax of 1 per cent / 3 per cent 
(depending on whether the transfer is done after/before 365 days from the acquisition date) withheld at source by 
the intermediary. 
Additionally, the Romanian resident individuals deriving income from the transfer of Notes are required to pay 
the social health insurance contribution, except when the annual level of investment incomes (including incomes 
from transfer of Notes) and, if applicable, inter alia, income from intellectual property rights, agricultural 
activities, associations with legal entities, transfer of the use of goods, other sources, as defined by the Romanian 
Fiscal Code, is below the level of 6 times the value of the national minimum gross wage.  
Taxation of Holders not resident in Romania for tax purposes  
Under the Romanian Fiscal Code, certain types of income from Romanian sources earned by non-residents are 
subject to Romanian tax at the rates prescribed by the Romanian Fiscal Code, irrespective of whether the income 
is received in Romania or abroad. 
For the purposes of the Romanian Fiscal Code, "non-residents" are defined as any foreign legal entities, any 
foreign individuals and any other foreign entities, including undertakings for collective investments in transferable 
securities without legal persona, which are not registered in Romania, according to the law. Non-resident 
individuals are defined as individuals which do not meet the conditions for being considered resident individuals 
(as presented in the previous section), as well as any foreign citizens working as diplomats or consular officers in 
Romania, foreign citizens working as officials or employees of an international and intergovernmental body, 
foreign citizens working as officials or employees of a foreign state in Romania and their family members.  
Taxation on interest 
Interest income to be obtained by a non-resident legal entity or non-resident individual is subject to withholding 
tax in Romania if it qualifies as Romanian-sourced income. Interest paid by a Romanian resident, i.e. the Issuer, 
to a non-resident is taxable in Romania as Romanian-sourced income. Such interest income is subject to: 
• 
16 per cent tax rate for non-resident legal entities and for non-resident individuals who are not residents 
in another EU member state or in a country that has a double tax treaty concluded with Romania; 
• 
10 per cent tax rate for non-resident individuals who are residents in another EU member state or in a 
country that has a double tax treaty concluded with Romania to be withheld at source by the Issuer. 
At the date of approval of this Prospectus, interests on notes/debt securities issued by Romanian companies are 
tax exempt if notes/debt securities are issued under a prospectus approved by the competent regulatory authority 
and interest is paid to a person who is not an affiliated person to the issuer of the notes/ debt securities. 
Separately, provided that the tax exemption indicated above would not apply, depending on the country in which 
the non-resident has its tax residence, the tax on interest may be reduced or eliminated based on a double tax treaty 
concluded between Romania and the country in which that individual or legal entity is a tax resident. In order to 
benefit from the favourable provisions of a double tax treaty, the non-resident should obtain and provide to the 
Issuer a fiscal residency certificate (valid for the respective fiscal year) issued by the tax authorities of its country 
of residence, in original or notarised photocopy form. 
In addition, the tax on interest may be eliminated based on the provisions of the Romanian tax law transposing 
Council Directive 2003/49/EC of 3 June 2003 on a common system of taxation applicable to interest and royalty 
payments made between associated companies of different member states, provided that certain conditions are 
met (inter alia, there should be a shareholding of at least 25 per cent. maintained for at least two years between 
the Issuer and the Investor). 
Separately, in case of interest income obtained by non-resident legal entities, who are residents of a member state 
of the European Union or the European Economic Space, the latter may opt to pay corporate income tax for the 
taxable profit related to the interest income derived (on a net basis), case in which the withholding tax initially 
applied on a gross basis will be considered as a tax pre-payment when computing the final corporate income tax 
due. In this case, the legal entity will have to register in Romania for corporate income tax purposes. 
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without withholding on account of Romanian tax, if the interest 
income is attributable to a permanent establishment of the non-resident Holder in Romania, in which case such

--- Page 191 ---
Page 191 
income will be taxed as explained above at "Taxation of Holders resident in Romania for tax purposes" for 
corporate income tax payers. 
Taxation on capital gains 
No capital gains tax is applicable to non-resident legal persons. 
Capital gains obtained by non-resident individuals from the transfer of Notes will be subject to tax as described 
above under "Taxation of Holders resident in Romania for tax purposes - Taxation on capital gains", unless the 
capital gains are derived from the transfer of Notes traded on a foreign capital market, in which case no tax on 
capital gains will be levied in Romania.  
The non-resident individual having tax obligations in Romania must (or may, in certain cases) appoint a Romanian 
resident fiscal representative/empowered person to declare and settle any tax liabilities in the name and on behalf 
of the non-resident individual. 
Depending on the country in which the non-resident has its tax residence, the capital gains tax may be eliminated 
based on a double tax treaty. In order to benefit from the favourable provisions of a double tax treaty, the non-
resident should obtain and provide to its fiscal representative a fiscal residency certificate (valid for the respective 
fiscal year) issued by the tax authorities of its country of residence, in original or in notarised photocopy form.

--- Page 192 ---
Page 192 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Responsibility Statement 
The Issuer with its registered office at 246D Calea Floreasca, FCC Office Building, Bucharest 1st District, 
Romania, accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. 
The Issuer declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and that this Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
The Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer and its affiliates. 
In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Reasons for the Issue and Use of Proceeds 
The reasons for the issue are to generate funding, to hedge certain risks or to take advantage of current market 
opportunities (arbitrage). 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there exists a particular identified use of proceeds other than using the net 
proceeds for the above-mentioned reasons or an amount equivalent to the net proceeds, then this will be stated in 
the relevant Final Terms. In any case, the Issuer is free in the use of proceeds from each issue of Notes. This also 
applies in case of green, social and sustainability bonds which are intended to serve the financing or refinancing 
of Eligible Loans as further specified in the Sustainability Bond Framework referenced in the Final Terms. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
The Issuer has established a Sustainability Bond Framework to give itself a methodology for the issuance of green, 
social and sustainability bonds and the intended allocation of proceeds. The Sustainability Bond Framework aligns 
with the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021, ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 and ICMA Social Bond 
Principles 2023 and follows its four core components: Use of proceeds, Project Evaluation and Selection, 
Management of Proceeds and Reporting. The Issuer mandated Sustainalytics as second party opinion provider. 
Sustainalytics evaluated the robustness and credibility of the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework and intended 
use of proceeds in terms of its alignment with relevant industry standards, including the abovementioned ICMA 
guideline and principles. On such basis, Sustainalytics reviewed the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework and 
provided its Second Party Opinion thereon, which is also disclosed on the Issuer's website (under 
https://www.raiffeisen.ro/despre-noi/guvernanta-corporativa/detinatori-de-obligatiuni/). 
None of the Sustainability Bond Framework or any other document related thereto including the Second Party 
Opinion, any footnotes, links to the Issuer's website and/or progress and impact assessment reports are, nor shall 
they be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. 
The following summary information reflects the status of the Sustainability Bond Framework as of the date of 
this Prospectus. Investors should note that the Sustainability Bond Framework may be updated at any time, and 
that such updated Sustainability Bond Framework will then apply to any newly issued green, social and

--- Page 193 ---
Page 193 
sustainability bonds. The Sustainability Bond Framework, as updated from time to time, is available on the 
website of the Issuer (https://www.raiffeisen.ro/despre-noi/guvernanta-corporativa/detinatori-de-obligatiuni/). 
Use of proceeds 
The Issuer intends to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issue of green bonds, social bonds 
and sustainability bonds for financing and/or refinancing new or existing Eligible Loans providing distinct 
environmental and/ or social benefits, in accordance with and as further described in the Issuer's Sustainability 
Bond Framework and summarized below. Eligible Loans are loans to finance assets dedicated to the following 
eligible green and social categories ("Eligible Green Categories" and "Eligible Social Categories"): 
Eligible Green Categories 
The Eligible Green Categories identified in the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework are: 
• 
Green Buildings: Construction of new buildings, acquisition and ownership of existing buildings or 
renovation of existing buildings (with a minimum energy efficiency upgrade) in the commercial and 
retail real estate sector;  
• 
Renewable Energy: Equipment, development, manufacturing, construction, installation, operation, 
distribution and maintenance of renewable energy projects such as wind onshore power, solar power, 
hydropower, geothermal projects, energy from biomass and waste-to-energy, including biogas, 
manufacture of renewable energy technology components, such as wind turbines or solar panels, as well 
as development, construction, maintenance and operation of low carbon hydrogen production and 
storage facilities; 
• 
Energy Efficiency: Development and implementation of products or technology that reduce energy 
consumption such as, but not limited to, energy efficient lighting, certain projects improving the energy 
efficiency of industrial production processes in a factory and energy storage projects, smart grid solutions 
for more efficient transmission/distribution of energy, as well as fibre-optic networks with minimal 
environmental impact to replace more energy intensive alternative networks; 
• 
Clean Transportation: Investments in zero direct emission or low carbon vehicles as well as in 
infrastructure for low carbon transport; 
• 
Agriculture and Forestry: Environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land 
use including, but not limited to, afforestation or reforestation, preservation or restoration of natural 
landscape and acquisition, maintenance and management of certified agricultural practices under 
sustainable certification schemes; 
• 
Pollution prevention and control: Development, construction, operation and maintenance of sustainable 
waste management and recycling projects, activities and operations; 
• 
Eco-efficient and/or circular economy adapted products, production technologies and processes: 
Investments in circular design and production projects that, among others, extend the product life cycle 
or use recycled resources, and investments in circular support services and products that enable circular 
economy strategies and business models; and 
• 
Sustainable Water and Wastewater Management: Development, construction, operation and 
maintenance of sustainable water and waste-water management projects and facilities. 
Additionally, financing or refinancing of project-based lending and general-purpose financing for businesses 
qualifying as "Pure Players" are considered eligible. Pure Players are defined as businesses that are expected to 
derive more than 90 % of their turnover from environmentally friendly activities, which are in line with the Eligible 
Green Categories of the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework. Moreover, the part of those businesses turnover 
that is not classified as "green" is not allowed to be in any of the excluded sectors included in the exclusion list of 
the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework. 
Eligible Social Categories 
The Eligible Social Categories identified in the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework are: 
• 
Access to essential services: including (i) Healthcare: construction, acquisition, renovation or 
maintenance of healthcare facilities for free or subsidized health care services; (ii) Education: access to 
public and publicly subsidized educational services and construction/upgrading of facilities and equipment 
that support childhood development, (iii) Affordable basic infrastructure: regional development in 
underserved, underdeveloped regions in Romania;

--- Page 194 ---
Page 194 
• 
Affordable Housing: Construction, acquisition, renovation, or maintenance of social and affordable 
housing through co-operative housing associations, building societies, non-profit organizations, and 
public utility housing enterprises; and 
• 
Employment generation and retention – SME Financing: Investments in eligible SMEs, including, but 
not limited to, SMEs which have experienced disruption across their supply chains because of a series of 
economic and/or financial crisis as well as military conflicts. 
• 
Inclusive Financing: Financing for women who might otherwise be excluded or marginalized from 
obtaining financing, such as mortgage loans. 
Process for Loan Evaluation and Selection 
In order to qualify as Eligible Loans, the loans are assessed in accordance with their social and environmental 
impact based on a several stages selection process which is described in detail in the Sustainability Bond 
Framework and selected based on compliance with the Eligible Green Categories and Eligible Social Categories 
by the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Committee ("SBC"). The SBC is composed of members of the local Asset 
Liability Management Committee (ALCO) which include representatives from the Issuer's Board, Business, 
Treasury, Risk and Operations. 
Management of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the green, social and sustainability bonds will be managed by the Group Risk Control and 
Portfolio Management ("GRPCM") department of the Issuer on a portfolio basis. The GRPCM oversees the 
sustainable loan portfolio management. The Issuer's Treasury, PR & Communication departments will support 
the GRCPM in monitoring the portfolio and preparing the annual reporting. 
The Issuer will strive to regularly add Eligible Loans to its eligible loan portfolio so that a full allocation of an 
amount at least equivalent to the proceeds of the green, social and sustainability bonds is achieved until maturity 
of the green, social and sustainability bonds, but no later than 36 months after the issue date of the relevant 
bonds. All Eligible Loans to be included in the eligible loan portfolio will be entered in the Issuer's sustainability 
bond register. Under its terms and conditions, green bonds, social bonds and sustainability bonds may provide 
for the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes early. If such redemption occurs prior to the full allocation of the 
proceeds of such green, social and sustainability bonds, such allocation may not take place in full or not at all 
and, in that case, the Notes may no longer be able to contribute to any Eligible Loans. 
Reporting / Post-Issuance Information 
The Issuer has the ambition to publish an annual allocation and impact report on the use of proceeds from green, 
social and sustainability bonds including a description of its eligible loan portfolio. The Issuer expects to provide 
reporting on an annual basis until full allocation, and thereafter if there are any material changes to the eligible 
loan portfolio, until the maturity of the relevant green social or sustainability bond. The annual allocation and 
impact report will, among others, disclose the aggregate principal amount of the green social and sustainability 
bonds outstanding, the total amount of the proceeds allocated to eligible loans and the unallocated amount, as 
well as further qualitative and quantitative indicators of the eligible loan portfolio. Each annual allocation and 
impact report will be reviewed and approved by the SBC and will be made available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.raiffeisen.ro). The Issuer's external auditor will verify on an annual basis until full allocation of 
the green, social or sustainability bonds the SBC's compliance with the evaluation process mentioned above and 
the amount of the net proceeds of the green, social and sustainability bonds that have been allocated to Eligible 
Loans. 
Method to determine the yield 
The method to determine the yield is the ICMA method. The ICMA method determines the effective interest rate 
of fixed rate notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure 
In case of syndicate issuances 
The Issuer will determine the issue price for each Tranche of Notes in its sole discretion taking into consideration 
general interest levels and the demand of prospective investors as shown in the book building process for such 
Tranche of Notes and/or after consultation of the financial institutions involved in the issue. The issue price so 
determined will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 195 ---
Page 195 
In case of non-syndicated issuances 
The Issuer will determine the issue price for each Tranche of Notes in its sole discretion taking into consideration 
a minimum and a maximum issue price. Depending on the market conditions at the time of a specific Note 
issuance, the Issuer will set the Issue Price between the previously fixed minimum and maximum issue price. 
The issue price so determined will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes which are redeemed on the Maturity Date at a percentage of their principal amount 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at a redemption amount or at a percentage of their principal amount 
in the Specified Currency or another currency. In the case of Notes which are redeemed on the Maturity Date at a 
percentage of their principal amount, such percentage rate will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
However, the redemption amount may not be less than the principal amount of the Notes. The redemption amount 
with respect to Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes will be determined at the Issuer's sole discretion and will be 
at least equal to the principal amount. The redemption amount with respect to Zero Coupon Notes will be 
determined at the Issuer's sole discretion and will be at least equal to the capital invested. 
Notes with a term of less than twelve months 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money market instruments having a maturity at issue 
of less than twelve months and complying also with the definition of securities are not subject to CSSF's approval. 
Therefore, the approval of this Prospectus does not cover Notes issued under the Programme which have a 
maturity at issue of less than twelve months. 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
The Notes are freely transferable. 
Authorisation 
The issuance of Notes under the Programme was approved by the Issuer's Extraordinary General Meeting of 
Shareholders resolution dated 23 April 2019 and by the Issuer's Management Board resolution 
dated 19 April 2021 as well as the Issuer's Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders resolutions no. 1 and 
no. 2 dated 22 April 2021 (with which, among others, the increase of the Issuer's funding limit was approved). 
The increase of the Programme amount was approved by the Issuer's Extraordinary General Meeting of 
Shareholders resolution dated 21 April 2022 and the Issuer's Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders 
resolution dated 28 April 2023. On 8 February 2024, the Issuer's Asset-Liability Committee and on 8 March 2024, 
the Issuer's Supervisory Board approved the annual funding plan determining the total annual issuance volume. 
Programme Rating 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH37 assigned the following programme ratings: (i) for senior unsecured Notes issued 
under the Programme (P) Baa1 and (ii) for junior senior unsecured medium-term Notes issued under the 
Programme (P) Baa2. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
37  Moody's Deutschland GmbH, An der Welle 5, 2nd Floor, 60322 Frankfurt, Germany is established in the European Union, 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 
on credit rating agencies (as amended, the "CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation).

--- Page 196 ---
Page 196 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The specified parts of the following documents which have been previously published or are simultaneously 
published with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF are incorporated by reference into and 
form part of this Prospectus. 
In the information extracted from the Issuer's financial reports which have been incorporated by reference pursuant 
to the subsections below, the terms "Raiffeisen Bank S.A.", "Raiffeisen" or "Bank" refer to "the Issuer" as defined 
in this Prospectus. 
Document/Heading 
Page reference 
in the relevant 
document 
English language translation of the Raiffeisen Bank S.A.'s Consolidated and Separate 
Financial Statements Prepared in Accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed by the European Union (the "Audited IFRS-EU Financial 
Statements 2022") and the audit report for the Financial Statements 2022. 
Source: the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements Prepared in Accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed by the European Union 2022 of the 
Issuer (containing the audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year 2022), 
as made available on the Issuer's website (https://www.raiffeisen.ro/doc/Raiffeisen-Bank-
Financial-Statements-2022.pdf). 
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
4-9* 
Consolidated and Separate Statement of Comprehensive Income - only information related 
to the column entitled "Group" 
10* 
Consolidated and Separate Statement of Financial Position - only information related to the 
column entitled "Group" 
11* 
Consolidated and Separate Statement of Changes in Equity - only information related to the 
table entitled "Group" 
12* 
Consolidated and Separate Statement of Cash Flows - only information related to the column 
entitled "Group" 
13-16* 
Notes to the Financial Consolidated and Separate Statements for fiscal year ended at 
31 December 2022 - only information related to the Group and to the columns "Group" 
17-199* 
English language translation of the Raiffeisen Bank S.A.'s Consolidated and Separate 
Financial Statements Prepared in Accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed by the European Union (the "Audited IFRS-EU Financial 
Statements 2023") and the audit report for the Financial Statements 2023. 
Source: the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements Prepared in Accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed by the European Union 2023 of the 
Issuer (containing the audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year 2023), 
as 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.raiffeisen.ro/content/dam/rbi/retail/eu/ro/documents/guvernanta/obligatiuni/2
024/20240325-Consolidate-and-Separate-Financial-Statements-31122023-en.pdf). 
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
4-10* 
Consolidated and Separate Statement of Comprehensive Income - only information related 
to the column entitled "Group" 
11*

--- Page 197 ---
Page 197 
Document/Heading 
Page reference 
in the relevant 
document 
Consolidated and Separate Statement of Financial Position - only information related to the 
column entitled "Group" 
12* 
Consolidated and Separate Statement of Changes in Equity - only information related to the 
table entitled "Group" 
13* 
Consolidated and Separate Statement of Cash Flows - only information related to the column 
entitled "Group" 
14-17* 
Notes to the Financial Consolidated and Separate Statements for fiscal year ended at 
31 December 2023 - only information related to the Group and to the columns "Group" 
18-184* 
* Page references refer to the pagination of the PDF document. 
Please note that the English language translations referred to above are translations from the originals, which were 
prepared in Romanian language. All possible care has been taken to ensure that the translations are accurate 
representation of the originals. 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the Audited IFRS-EU Financial Statements 2022 and the Audited IFRS-
EU Financial Statements 2023 (as defined above) respectively, which are not explicitly listed in the tables above, 
are not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus as these parts are either not relevant for the investor or 
covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
References in the independent auditor's reports to "other information" are references to the administrators' report 
and the non-financial statement. Such administrators' report and non-financial statement are not incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus. 
Such parts of the documents which are explicitly listed above shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form 
part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in such a document shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this Prospectus modifies 
or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified 
or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Availability of documents incorporated by reference 
Any documents incorporated herein by reference are available free of charge and may be inspected during usual 
business hours on any working day from the date hereof for the whole life of this Prospectus at Raiffeisen Bank 
S.A., 246D Calea Floreasca, FCC Office Building, Bucharest 1st District, Romania and will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A., 246D Calea Floreasca, FCC Office Building, Bucharest 1st District, Romania and the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website of the Issuer and 
can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
1. 
The "Audited IFRS-EU Financial Statements 2022" and the audit report for the Financial Statements 
2022 
URL: https://www.raiffeisen.ro/doc/Raiffeisen-Bank-Financial-Statements-2022.pdf 
2. 
The "Audited IFRS-EU Financial Statements 2023" and the audit report for the Financial Statements 
2023 
URL: 
https://www.raiffeisen.ro/content/dam/rbi/retail/eu/ro/documents/guvernanta/obligatiuni/2024/2024032
5-Consolidate-and-Separate-Financial-Statements-31122023-en.pdf

--- Page 198 ---
Page 198 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
Issuer 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A. 
246D Calea Floreasca 
FCC Office Building 
Bucharest 1st District 
Romania 
Arranger 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Am Stadtpark 9 
1030 Vienna 
Austria 
Dealers 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Am Stadtpark 9 
1030 Vienna 
Austria 
Raiffeisen Bank S.A. 
246D Calea Floreasca 
FCC Office Building 
Bucharest 1st District 
Romania 
Fiscal Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
Legal Advisers to the Issuer 
as to German law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer  
Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB 
Bockenheimer Anlage 44 
60322 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
as to Romanian law 
WOLF THEISS Rechtsanwälte GmbH & Co KG 
4 Vasile Alecsandri Street, The Landmark, Building 
A, 4th Floor, Bucharest 1st district, 010639 
Romania 
Legal Advisers to the Arranger 
Clifford Chance Partnerschaft mbB 
Junghofstraße 14 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 199 ---
Page 199 
Independent Auditor 
Deloitte Audit S.R.L. 
 
82-98 Calea Grivitei 
The Mark Tower, 14th floor, Sector 1 
010735, Bucharest 
Romania