--- Page 1 ---
28 February 2023
RANDSTAD N.V.
(incorporated in the Netherlands as a public limited liability company with its corporate seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands)
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), Randstad
N.V. (the Issuer or Randstad, and together with the Issuer's subsidiaries, collectively referred to as Randstad Group) may from time to
time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer or Manager and together the Dealers
or Managers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Prospectus to the relevant
Dealer or Manager shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all
Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. Notes may be distributed by way of public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a
syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
All investments in the Notes issued under the Programme involve risks. Prospective investors should have regard to the risk
factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus.
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële
Markten, the AFM) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation).
The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by
the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base
Prospectus and of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
The period of validity of this Base Prospectus (as may be supplemented from time to time) is up to (and including) 12 months from the
date of its approval in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the
EEA) and its validity shall expire on 28 February 2024 at the latest. This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any
supplements 
hereto 
and 
with 
the 
documents 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
herein 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at
https://www.randstad.com/investor-relations) and together with the applicable Final Terms (as defined in “Overview of the Programme
– Method of Issue”) relating to the specific Tranche of Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
Application may be made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (Euronext) for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Amsterdam (Euronext Amsterdam). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes
being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam.
Euronext Amsterdam is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II). However, unlisted Notes
may be issued pursuant to the Programme and application may be made to other exchanges for Notes issued under the Programme to be
listed on such other exchanges. The applicable Final Terms (as defined in “Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue”) in respect
of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not an application will be made for such Notes to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam or
on any other exchange.
Each Series (as defined in “Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue”) of Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form
(respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). See “Form of the Notes” for a description of the manner in which Notes will be
issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling
Restrictions”.
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in
“Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”.
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue”) to be issued under the Programme may be rated or
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already
issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the EU

--- Page 2 ---
2
CIC Market Solutions
ABN AMRO
Commerzbank
BNP Paribas
HSBC
CRA Regulation) or the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation), will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at
any time by the assigning rating agency.
Amounts payable on Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR or certain other reference rates as specified in the applicable
Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), as the administrator of EURIBOR,
is included in the European Securities and Markets Authority’s (ESMA) register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation
(EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). If a benchmark (other than EURIBOR) is specified in the
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included
in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks
Regulation and/or the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority’s (the FCA) register of administrators under Article 36 of
Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK
Benchmarks Regulation). The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not
intend to update the Base Prospectus or any applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any U.S.
State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in any state or jurisdiction of the United States or to, or for the account or the
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) unless the Notes are registered under the
Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable
securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. Accordingly, the Notes are only being offered and sold to
non-U.S. persons outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act, and, in the
United States, only to Institutional Accredited Investors (IAIs) or “qualified institutional buyers” (QIBs) as defined in, and in reliance
upon, Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A) or any other applicable exemption.
Arranger
ABN AMRO
Dealers
ING
KBC BANK
BofA Securities

--- Page 3 ---
3
CONTENTS
Page
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
5
RISK FACTORS
10
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
26
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF NOTES
32
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES
35
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
37
FORM OF THE NOTES
38
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
42
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
77
USE OF PROCEEDS
118
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
119
TAXATION
132
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS
137
GENERAL INFORMATION
146
0

--- Page 4 ---
4

--- Page 5 ---
5
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
BNP Paribas
BofA Securities Europe SA
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A.
HSBC Continental Europe
ING Bank N.V.
KBC Bank NV
Risk Factors:
Randstad N.V.
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. All of
these are set out under "Risk Factors".
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the
Programme Agreement (as defined in “Subscription and Sale and
Transfer and Selling Restrictions”).
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by,
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration
of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including any amendment and/or supplement hereto and the documents
incorporated by reference herein. The Issuer, the Arranger and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, if
appropriate, a new base prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus will be published.
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation).
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the
same meanings in this Overview.
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
Arranger:
7245009EAAUUQJ0U4T57
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Issuer:
Dealers:

--- Page 6 ---
6
Maturities:
Method of Issue:
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified
Currency.
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent:
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
The Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a
Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms
of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with
the relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue
date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of
the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the
same Series) will be completed in the final terms (the Final
Terms).
Issue Price:
Certain Restrictions:
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Form of Notes:
Programme Size:
The Notes will be issued in either bearer form or registered form.
The Notes in bearer form will on issue be represented by either a
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note (each as
defined in “Form of the Notes”) as specified in the applicable
Final Terms. Temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable either
for (a) interests in a permanent global Note or (b) for definitive
Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Permanent
global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Notes upon the
The Programme has no maximum size.
Each issue of Notes in respect of which particular laws,
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements
apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with
such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting
requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and Sale and
Transfer and Selling Restrictions").
Distribution:
Amsterdam Listing Agent:
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Currencies:
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and any
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 7 ---
7
On the discontinuation of the relevant interest rate as specified in
the applicable Final Terms or another Benchmark Event having
occurred, a Replacement Reference Rate may be determined in
accordance with Condition 5.2(h).
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their
nominal amount and will not bear interest (other than in the case
of late payment).
Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate
Subordinated Notes:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating either
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
(ISDA), and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series), or
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate
Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant
Series) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or
Redemption:
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant
Dealer as specified in the Final Terms.
(b)
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed
screen page of a commercial quotation service.
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described under "Form of the
Notes".
Floating Rate Notes and Floating Rate
Subordinated Notes:
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of
Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a
minimum interest rate or both.
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period,
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest either at a rate determined:
Benchmark discontinuation:

--- Page 8 ---
8
Rating:
Status of Notes:
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the
assigning rating agency.
Optional Redemption:
Senior Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured
obligations of the Issuer and Subordinated Notes will constitute
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, all as described in “Terms
and Conditions of the Notes – Status of the Senior Notes and the
Subordinated Notes”.
Use of proceeds:
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be
applied for the general corporate purposes of the Issuer. If, in
respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use
of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state
whether the Issuer and/or the Noteholders have the option to
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding prior to
their stated maturity and, if so, the terms applicable to such
redemption.
Governing law:
Taxation:
Dutch law.
This Base Prospectus includes a general summary of certain Dutch
tax considerations relating to an investment in the Notes. See the
“Taxation” section of this Base Prospectus. Such summary may
not apply to a particular holder of Notes or to a particular issue
and does not cover all possible tax considerations. In addition, the
tax treatment may change after the date of this Base Prospectus.
Any potential investor should consult his own tax adviser for more
information about the tax consequences of acquiring, owning and
disposing of Notes in its particular circumstances.
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer,
as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Negative Pledge:
Denomination of Notes:
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge”.
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the
relevant Specified Currency.
Cross Default:
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of Default”.

--- Page 9 ---
9
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the
Programme and to admit them to trading on Euronext Amsterdam
or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, and
references to listing shall be construed accordingly.
The applicable Final Terms will identify whether (i) the Notes
will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg.
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury
Regulation section, including, without limitation, regulations
issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice
2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the D Rules), (ii)
the Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg.
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the C Rules), or (iii) whether the United
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982
(TEFRA) is not applicable.
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on
which stock exchanges and/or markets.
Terms and Conditions:
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Notes,
a copy of which will, in the case of Notes to be listed on Euronext
Amsterdam be delivered to such stock exchange on or before the
date of issue of such Notes. The terms and conditions applicable
to each Tranche of Notes will be those set out herein under as
supplemented or modified by the applicable Final Terms.
Listing:
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may
also be issued.
Selling Restrictions:
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in
the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, Hong
Kong and Singapore and such other restrictions as may be
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular
Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and
Selling Restrictions".

--- Page 10 ---
10
RISK FACTORS
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer, its industry and an individual issue of
Notes summarised in the summary annexed to the Final Terms for that particular issue of Notes are the risks
that the Issuer believes to be the most essential to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to
consider an investment in such Notes. However, as the risks which the Issuer faces relate to events and depend
on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future, prospective investors should consider not only the
information on the key risks summarised in the summary annexed to the Final Terms but also the entire Base
Prospectus, including the risks described below.
Prospective investors should carefully consider the risk factors set out below, together with the other
information contained in this Base Prospectus (including, but not limited to, the audited consolidated annual
accounts with the related notes), before making an investment decision with respect to the Notes. If any of the
following risks should actually occur, the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects could be materially adversely affected, which could result in an inability of the Issuer to pay
interest and/or principal and could negatively affect the price of the Notes.
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which the
remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually
materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to the
Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a number of
these risks described below simultaneously. While the risk factors below have been divided into categories,
some risk factors could belong in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully consider
all of the risk factors set out in this section. Where a risk factor could belong in more than one category, such
risk factor is included in the category that is deemed the most appropriate by the Issuer.
Although the Issuer believes that the risks described below are the material risks presently known, they are not
the only ones faced by the Issuer. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.
Additional risks not presently known to the Issuer or that the Issuer currently deems immaterial may also have
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and
prospects, which could result in an inability of the Issuer to pay interest and/or principal and could negatively
affect the price of the Notes.
Prospective investors should carefully review the entire Base Prospectus and should form their own views
before making an investment decision with respect to the Notes. Before making an investment decision with
respect to the Notes, prospective investors should also consult their own financial, legal and tax advisers to
carefully review the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision
in light of the prospective investor’s personal circumstances.
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE ISSUER
A.
Risks regarding general economic and market conditions

--- Page 11 ---
11
Economic conditions may adversely affect Randstad’s financial performance.
Demand for Randstad’s services can be significantly affected by the economic activity and economic
conditions such as rising inflation, minimum wage developments, interest increase and geopolitical
developments in the countries, regions and sectors in which Randstad operates. The impact on Randstad is
dependent on the size the organisation has (e.g. main markets as United States and Europe or smaller markets
wherein Randstad is operating, such as Singapore or Mexico). The table below presents and an overview of the
revenue (in millions of EUR) of Randstad’s main markets:
An economic downturn in a country, region or sector in which Randstad operates may adversely affect its
operations in that country, region or sector, as the use of temporary employees may decrease or fewer
permanent employees may be hired. As a result, a significant downturn in any country, region or sector in
which Randstad has material operations could have a material adverse effect on Randstad’s financial condition
and results. Randstad’s current business, future prospects, financial condition and results may be adversely
affected by any circumstance causing a reduction in demand for its services in these countries, regions or
sectors. In addition, Randstad’s permanent placement business could likely be disproportionately impacted as
result of a stop in new permanent vacancies and mass lay-offs as a direct result of any economic downturn.
Randstad’s business may also be negatively affected by economic conditions during periods of strong growth.
For example, declining unemployment levels can make it harder for Randstad to find talents to place with its
clients.
An example of the financial impact of changing economic conditions in the current economical development is
the impact on the margin of the company as a result of salary developments.
Geopolitical developments and/or natural disasters may disrupt supply chain and business environments
resulting in a drop in the need for HR services such as provided by Randstad.
Businesses have shown to be increasingly dependent on international, cross continental supply chain structures.
Furthermore, concepts of supply chain taking low stocks and efficiency as a starting point has created a
dependency on flow and stable environments to ensure production can take place without disruption.
Geopolitical developments and natural disasters impact both the availability and distribution of raw materials.
Furthermore, the Covid-19 pandemic disrupted supply chain and production facilities on a global scale.
Disruptions, such as the energy crisis in Europe, and unstable economic environments have a direct impact on
the demand for talents and HR services. Demand for Randstad’s services can be significantly affected by such
geopolitical developments. For instance, when production facilities (e.g. within the automobile industry) are
coming to a standstill as a result of disrupted supply chains or a lack of resources and/or materials (e.g. a
shortage of electronic chips), this may lower production and, consequently, lower the demand for talents and
HR services, which in turn may negatively influence the demand for Randstad’s services. In addition,
governments’ responses to natural disasters (e.g. the Covid-19 pandemic) may cause the hotel and leisure
industry to close. This would lower the demand for talents and HR services in these sectors, which in turn
could negatively influence the demand for Randstad’s services.
Adverse conditions at the international capital markets may limit Randstad’s ability to attract funding for its
activities.

--- Page 12 ---
12
Randstad is dependent on the international capital market for the funding of its business. If conditions in the
international capital markets deteriorate, the issuance of new debt securities will be more difficult and the costs
of capital will increase. Limited liquidity in financial markets may lead to higher interest rates or limit the
availability of debt capital and therefore may limit Randstad’s ability to attract funding for its activities. This
may impact Randstad’s ability to meet its financial obligations.
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect Randstad’s financial condition and
results.
Randstad is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk because it operates businesses in Asia (Pacific), Europe,
Latin America and North America. Randstad uses the euro as its reporting currency. Currencies other than the
euro that are of significant importance for Randstad are the Australian Dollar, the Canadian Dollar, the
Japanese Yen, the Swiss Franc, the UK Pound Sterling and the US Dollar.
The foreign currency exchange risk of Randstad in respect of transactions is limited, because for the biggest
part operating companies generate both revenues and expenses locally and therefore mostly in the same
currency.
All other foreign exchange transactions that mostly consist of intercompany financial flows (equity increases,
dividends, intercompany loans and interests) are executed on a more or less spot basis. Randstad Group has a
policy to match, within preset boundaries, the currencies in the net debt positions with the mix in the cash flow
generation of the currencies. The mix of the debt can be easily adjusted, through the use of the multi-currency
credit facilities. Therefore, the use of derivatives is in principle not necessary.
Currency fluctuations can however affect the consolidated results, due to the translation of local results into
Randstad’s reporting currency. As an example, if the euro had weakened or strengthened 15%, or 10%, on
average during 2022 against the currencies mentioned in the table below, with all other variables held constant,
EBITA for the year 2022 would have been positively or negatively impacted as shown in the table below:
  
Randstad is exposed to certain interest rate risks.
Randstad’s policy towards interest rate risks is to keep interest rates on net debt floating as much as possible.
This means that Randstad is exposed to floating rates in respect of most of its outstanding debt. Consequently,
when interest rates rise, which has been clearly the case in the current market environment, Randstad’s
financing costs increase. This will negatively impact Randstad’s financial performance.
B.
Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation
The ability of Randstad to make payment under the Notes is dependent on the availability of cash flows from
its subsidiaries and the Noteholders will have no direct claims against the cash flows or assets of such
subsidiaries.

--- Page 13 ---
13
The Notes are exclusive obligations of Randstad. Randstad is a holding company and depends upon dividends
and other payments received from its subsidiaries to meet its payment obligations under the Notes. The ability
of Randstad's subsidiaries to make such distributions and other payments depends on their earnings and may be
subject to statutory, legal, regulatory or contractual limitations. Generally, claims of its subsidiaries’ creditors,
including trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by those
subsidiaries, and claims of preference shareholders (if any) of such subsidiaries, will have priority in a
distribution on winding up of the assets and earnings of such subsidiaries over the claims of Randstad’s
creditors. Randstad’s creditors, including Noteholders, will therefore be effectively subordinated to creditors
(including trade creditors) of its subsidiaries. Noteholders will not have a direct claim against the assets of the
Randstad’s subsidiaries. As a result, investors may not be paid in full or at all.
Randstad’s acquisition strategy may have a negative effect on Randstad’s business as its acquisitions can be
costly and may not always be successful.
Randstad has achieved substantial expansion in recent years, supplemented with the acquisition of other human
resource (HR) services companies, such as Monster (2016), Obiettivo Lavoro (2016), Ausy Group (2017),
BMC (2017), Cella, Inc (2021), Hudson Benelux (2021) and Finite Group (2022). Randstad’s ability to
continue to expand through acquisitions will depend on its ability to reduce the level of indebtedness, secure
release from restrictive financial covenants and a number of factors beyond its control, including the
availability of suitable acquisition targets in the future, the level of competition for such opportunities and
Randstad’s ability to secure financing on commercially acceptable terms to fund potential future acquisitions.
Acquisitions present a number of risks and challenges, including:

difficulties in integrating the acquired companies into Randstad’s management and reporting structure;

the possibility of Randstad not being able to retain key staff members and clients from the companies it
acquires;

the potential disruption of Randstad’s ongoing business and the strain placed on Randstad’s
management, administrative, operational and financial resources;

maintenance of appropriate standards, controls, procedures and policies;

the failure to discover liabilities for which Randstad may be responsible as a successor owner or
operator despite the investigations it makes before the acquisition; and

the possibility that an acquired company may not achieve the levels of revenue, profitability or
productivity that Randstad anticipates.
Randstad may not be able to overcome these or other challenges, and acquisitions may therefore have a
material adverse effect on Randstad’s current business, future prospects, financial condition and results.
Randstad faces risks associated with the collection of trade receivables.
Trade receivables constitute a significant portion of Randstad’s assets (43% as at 31 December 2022 ) and are,
therefore, a major business investment. There is a strong focus within Randstad on Days Sales Outstanding
(DSO), the amount of overdues, and working capital. Within working capital, the ‘trade receivables’
component is the most important for Randstad to influence. DSO in 2020 averaged on 52.9 days and improved
to 51.6 days in 2021. In 2022, the DSO was 52.9 days. Successful control of the trade receivables process
demands development of appropriate contracting, invoicing, credit, collection and financing policies. Failure of

--- Page 14 ---
14
Randstad to maintain such policies, could have a negative effect on its business, financial condition and results
as it would impact the cost of financing for Randstad.
If Randstad is unable to fully utilise its deferred tax assets, its profitability could be reduced.
Randstad's consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2021 included an amount of EUR 619 million of
deferred tax assets. This amount was EUR 633 million on Randstad’s consolidated balance sheet as at 31
December 2022. These assets can only be utilised if and to the extent that Randstad’s subsidiaries generate
adequate levels of taxable income in future periods to offset the tax losses carry forwards and reverse the
timing differences before they expire. Randstad’s ability to generate taxable income is subject to general
economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond its control. If
Randstad generates lower taxable income than the amount it has assumed in determining the deferred tax
assets, then additional valuation reserves will be required, with a corresponding charge against income as the
additional charge against income would directly go at the expense of profitability.
C.
Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry
The worldwide human resource services sector is highly competitive and Randstad may be unable to
compete successfully in its markets.
The HR services sector is consolidating and highly competitive with few barriers to entry. Randstad expects
competition to remain intense in the future. While there is a continuing trend towards consolidation among HR
services providers, most markets in which Randstad operates remain fragmented. Randstad competes with
large, international HR services providers and smaller, regional and local companies. Randstad competes with
both existing competitors and newcomers that may enter the markets in which it operates. Moreover,
competition from internet-based services has increased, some of which seek to displace traditional HR services
providers with new business models. Randstad believes that its ability to compete successfully in its markets
depends on numerous factors, including availability of talents, brand awareness, price and quality and speed of
customer service. In each market Randstad operates in, it competes for clients, qualified talents and employees
with other firms offering HR services. Certain of its competitors may have greater marketing or financial
resources than Randstad or may be prepared to accept lower margin contracts than Randstad. Randstad also
faces the risk that certain of its current and prospective clients may decide to provide similar services internally
or use independent contractors. Additionally, there can be no assurance that Randstad will not encounter
increased competition in the future, which could have a negative effect on its business, future prospects,
financial condition and results.
Randstad’s continued success depends upon its ability to attract and retain qualified talents and temporary
employees to meet the HR services requirements of its clients.
Randstad’s continued success depends upon its ability to attract and retain qualified talents and temporary
employees who possess the skills and experience necessary to meet the HR services requirements of its clients.
Randstad continually evaluates and upgrades its pools of available and qualified talents and temporary
employees to keep pace with the changing needs of its clients in each of the markets in which it operates. The
needs of clients vary geographically and by industry and are subject to variable economic conditions and
changes in technology, education and training levels.
The majority of Randstad’s revenues are derived from the temporary and permanent placement of talents.
Competition for these individuals is intense, especially for talents with proven professional or technical skills,
and in certain markets and sectors there can be severe shortages of available qualified talents. There can be no
assurance that qualified talents will continue to be available to Randstad in sufficient numbers or on terms
acceptable to Randstad. This risk could both negatively and positively impact Randstad. Being able to gain a
preferred position with talents this risk could have a significant positive impact on the company's ability to

--- Page 15 ---
15
deliver to clients. In the negative, if and when competitors to Randstad are gaining a preferred position with
talents the company’s ability to deliver could significantly be impacted.
The inability to attract or retain qualified talents in the future could harm Randstad’s current business, future
prospects, financial condition and results. Similarly, increases in compensation or benefits resulting from
competition for such qualified talents and temporary employees may have an adverse effect on Randstad’s
current business, future prospects, financial condition and results.
D.
Legal and regulatory risk
Randstad is subject to complex laws and regulations which may adversely affect its ability to conduct its
business and may increase its costs.
The global HR services sector is subject to complex laws and regulations, which vary from country to country
and are subject to change. These laws and regulations sometimes limit the size and growth of HR services
markets in these countries and may restrict Randstad’s freedom to do business, increase the costs of doing
business in these countries and/or may reduce Randstad’s overall profitability. New or more stringent laws and
regulations may be introduced in the future. The introduction of new laws or regulations and/or Randstad’s
failure to comply with existing or new laws or regulations may harm Randstad’s current business, future
prospects, financial condition and results.
Randstad is required to pay a number of payroll and related costs and expenses for its temporary employees and
corporate employees, including for such items as unemployment taxes, workers’ compensation, education
costs, general insurance and medical insurance premiums that vary widely across the international, national,
regional and local levels at which it operates. Significant increases in the effective rates of any of these
payroll-related costs, generally passed on to Randstad’s clients, could, to the extent it is not possible to pass
such costs on to Randstad’s clients, adversely affect Randstad’s current business, future prospects, financial
condition and results. In addition, Randstad is, in certain countries, entitled to certain payroll related subsidies.
Significant changes in or withdrawal of subsidies or how such subsidies are utilised may affect Randstad’s
current business, future prospects, financial condition and results.
As a consequence of the development of reporting standards, legislative changes and stricter requirements of
the various stakeholders, the complexity of the accounting processes and financial reporting has increased,
along with the risks attaching to these processes. Although Randstad has effective key controls included in its
financial and external reporting processes, compliance with regulations may involve additional costs for
Randstad and if Randstad fails to comply with the relevant standards, processes or requirements it may harm
Randstad's current business, future prospects, financial conditions and results.
Randstad is exposed to the risk of changes in tax laws or the interpretation thereof.
Randstad could suffer from changes in tax laws or the interpretation thereof, changes in rates of taxation, or the
withdrawal of existing tax rulings by relevant regulators and authorities. For example, Randstad could suffer
from the deterioration of the conditions, the withdrawal of its existing tax rulings or changes in rates of
taxation, which also may have an impact on the valuation of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities.
Because of the nature of the HR services sector, Randstad faces potential employment-related liabilities.
Randstad is in the business of placing people with businesses other than its own. An inherent risk of this
activity includes possible claims by clients against Randstad for failing to verify talents’ and temporary
employees’ backgrounds and qualifications, personal injury, damage to or loss of property, errors and
omissions caused by temporary employees, misuse of client proprietary information, misappropriation of funds,
employment of illegal immigrants or unlicensed personnel, theft of client property, other criminal activity or

--- Page 16 ---
16
torts and other similar claims. Because of legal constraints and considerations in some jurisdictions, it is
increasingly difficult to verify talents’ backgrounds.
Randstad also faces possible claims by employees, both temporary or permanent, or talents of discrimination or
harassment (including claims relating to actions of Randstad’s clients), violations of health and safety
regulations, payment of workers’ compensation claims, violations of wage and hour requirements, retroactive
entitlement to employee benefits and other similar employment claims.
Clients often impose upon Randstad onerous contractual obligations which can be difficult, or impossible to
control in an effective manner. Randstad has policies and guidelines in place, including contractual limitations
on liability, to protect against claims by clients, temporary employees or permanent employees. However, the
failure of Randstad’s temporary employees or permanent employees to observe these policies and guidelines,
the relevant policies and guidelines of Randstad’s clients or applicable international, national, regional or local
laws, rules or regulations could require Randstad to pay damages or indemnities to Randstad’s clients,
temporary employees or permanent employees or fines to governmental bodies, and result in negative publicity.
Furthermore, contractual limitations on liability are not included in all client contracts and, even if included,
may not be fully enforceable or not enforceable at all in certain jurisdictions.
To reduce exposure, Randstad maintains, and is often required by law or by its clients to maintain, insurance
and fidelity notes covering general liability, workers’ compensation claims, errors and omissions and employee
theft. This type of coverage is generally subject to conditions and may not continue to be available on
acceptable terms, or at all. The amount of this coverage may also be inadequate to cover liabilities to which
Randstad may become subject. If Randstad’s insurance coverage on potential client and employee claims in
respect of the above mentioned topics proves to be inadequate, this could have a material adverse effect on its
current business, future prospects, financial condition and results.
Randstad might be unable to protect or enforce its intellectual property rights and may be subject to
intellectual property infringement claims.
Randstad seeks to protect its trademarks and brands in the countries in which it carries on business. Randstad’s
success in expanding in existing markets and entering new markets is facilitated by its ability to exploit its
trademarks and brands. In particular, Randstad relies on its branding to attract talent and clients. For example,
in many countries Randstad is a well known name for people looking for a job, and they often find Randstad
online. As Randstad is a global market leader, (local) competitors may try to imitate or copy Randstad branding
in order to attract talent, which would obviously harm its business. Most brands used are owned by Randstad.
Randstad may face difficulties and may be prevented from using or registering a trademark in a particular
country, and it may suffer as a result. For example, in the Netherlands, one of Randstad’s largest markets,
Randstad is a geographical area and therefore a word used generally in a different context. Randstad may
therefore not always be able to protect the use of the word “Randstad” in the Netherlands. Successful
intellectual property infringement claims against Randstad could subject it to liability and material disruption
in the conduct of its business. Furthermore, Randstad cannot be certain that its trademarks, brand names,
software and business know-how do not infringe trademarks, copyrights, patents or confidential information
held by others. Successful claims against Randstad on the basis of intellectual property rights could have a
negative effect on its business, future prospects, financial condition and results. When launching new brands,
there is always the risk of third parties claiming prior use.
Randstad may be exposed to fines as a result of data protection regulatory non-compliance.
The EU General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) came into effect in May 2018. For countries other than
the European Union, legislation on personal data protection has also become more stringent. Without sufficient
measures to protect personal data, Randstad is at risk. New and complicated laws expose Randstad to a higher
risk of non-compliance, resulting in possible claims, fines, business suspension and reputational damage.
Randstad’s talents, clients and employees expect Randstad to handle their personal data in a trusted and

--- Page 17 ---
17
transparent manner and in accordance with the law. In addition, recent extensive remote working arrangements
have increased the likelihood of this risk.
Non-compliance with the GDPR could impact Randstad through fines with a maximum of 4% of Randstad’s
global annual revenue.
Legal proceedings
Randstad may become involved in legal proceedings, such as labour law disputes or claims from clients,
regulatory activity and measures (including investigations, e.g. in case of a data breach or breach of
competition laws) which, if resolved negatively for Randstad, could have an adverse effect on Randstad’s
operations, net results and equity position.
E.
Internal control risk
Randstad’s success depends on the quality of its senior management, members of the Executive Board and
of the corporate employees to run its business. Randstad depends upon its ability to attract and retain key
personnel.
Randstad’s success depends to a significant extent upon the quality of the decisions of the heads of its
operating companies, its senior management and the members of the executive board of Randstad (raad van
bestuur) (the Executive Board), whose performance is largely supported by their experience in the HR
services sector. The loss of one or more members of the Executive Board, or the loss of members of senior
management or heads of operating companies could harm Randstad’s current business, future prospects and
results.
Furthermore, Randstad is highly dependent on its employees to establish and maintain client relationships, to
recruit talents and temporary employees, to administer the business and to identify internal growth and external
acquisition opportunities. Competition for corporate employees is intense. Qualified corporate employees may
not continue to be available to Randstad in sufficient numbers or on terms or in geographic locations, which are
economically and strategically advantageous to Randstad. Randstad may be unable to continue to find, develop
and retain suitable corporate employees who meet its performance standards. This could harm its current
business, future prospects, financial condition and results.
The ability to manage and develop information systems required to run Randstad’s businesses may be
negatively affected if system problems arise.
The success of Randstad’s businesses depends in part upon their ability to store, retrieve, process and manage
substantial amounts of information. To achieve its strategic objectives and to remain competitive, Randstad
must continue to develop and enhance its full IT landscape, which may require the acquisition of equipment
and software and the development, either internally or through independent consultants, of new proprietary
software. No assurance can be given that Randstad will be able to design, develop, implement or utilise, in a
cost effective manner, information systems that provide the capabilities necessary for Randstad to compete
effectively. Any failure in this regard, involving interruption or loss of information processing capabilities
could have a material adverse effect on Randstad’s current business, future prospects, financial condition and
results.
Cyber threats could disrupt business activities and impact the commitment to protect personal data in case
preventive, detective and response structures are not working effectively. Technology is a core enabler of
Randstad’s business and its importance is unprecedented with Randstad’s Tech and touch strategy. Where
‘touch’ in the strategy aims to remain the personal relations and human factor in our relations to both clients
and talents, the ‘tech’ part of the strategy is aimed to leverage IT more holistically and intensely as part of the
core of Randstad activities, as well as the continued extensive remote working and delivery arrangements. IT

--- Page 18 ---
18
security risks, including cyber attacks, could result in system(s) unavailability or leaking of personal data and
company-sensitive information. This poses significant financial and reputational risks which could have a
material adverse effect on Randstad’s current business, future prospects, financial condition and results.
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES
A.
Risks related to the structure of an issuance of Notes
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves
a similar effective return and it may make such redemption subject to conditions precedent, which makes an
announced redemption uncertain.
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at
a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments
available at that time.
In addition, in the case of Notes where Issuer Call, Issuer Refinancing Call, Issuer Make-Whole Call, Issuer
Clean-up Call or Issuer Transaction Trigger Call is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms,
redemption of such Notes may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in
which case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable condition(s) precedent and that, in the Issuer’s
discretion, the Optional Redemption Date, the Refinancing Repurchase Date, the Make-Whole Redemption
Date, the Clean-up Call Date or the Trigger Call Redemption Date, as applicable, may be delayed until such
time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such
redemption may not occur in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived
by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, the Refinancing Repurchase Date, the
Make-Whole Redemption Date, Clean-up Call Date or the Trigger Call Redemption Date, as applicable, or by
such dates so delayed.
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest rate basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at
any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of
an investments in the relevant Notes. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the value of and
return on any such Notes.
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to
changes in market interest rates.

--- Page 19 ---
19
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Changes in market interest rates may have a stronger impact on
the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of conventional interest-bearing Notes because the
discounted issue prices may be substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes
can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and same credit rating. Furthermore,
the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the liquidity and value of and return on
Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks".
The interest payable on the Notes may be determined by reference to the euro interbank offered rate
(EURIBOR). Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", including EURIBOR, are the
subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a
benchmark. Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain
transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the
use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation
(EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the
UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a
benchmark in the UK. Following the implementation of any such (potential) reforms and other pressures
(including from regulatory authorities), the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, with the
result that such benchmarks may perform differently than in the past, one or more benchmarks could be
eliminated entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.
Uncertainty as to the continuation of a benchmark, the availability of quotes from reference banks to allow for
the continuation of rates on any Notes, and the rate that would be applicable if the Reference Rate is materially
amended or is discontinued, may adversely affect the trading market and the value of the Notes. Moreover, any
of the above changes or any other consequential changes to the Reference Rate or any other relevant
benchmark, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a material adverse
effect on the value or liquidity of, and amounts payable under, the Notes based on or linked to a ‘benchmark’.
Future discontinuance of EURIBOR and any other benchmark may adversely affect the value of Notes
which reference EURIBOR or such other benchmark.
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. Such factors may have the following
currently known effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to
administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the

--- Page 20 ---
20
benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes as a result of
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on
the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a
benchmark.
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR or any other benchmark were discontinued, or any other
Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5.2(h)) has occurred or is otherwise unavailable, has occurred the
rate of interest on Notes which reference EURIBOR or any other benchmark will be determined for the
relevant period by the discontinuation provisions set out in Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition
5.2(h) applicable to such Notes. If the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (in consultation with each other),
determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, that a Benchmark Event has
occurred in relation to the Notes, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to
the next relevant Interest Determination Date) appoint a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition
5.2(h)) which may determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in consultation with the Issuer (and
in consultation with the Independent Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer), a substitute or
successor rate, as well as any necessary changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day,
the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement
Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 5.2(h)), including any Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition
5.2(h)) or other adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant
EURIBOR Rate or Reference Rate. However, there is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread or other
adjustment factor will be determined or applied, or that the application of any such factor will produce the
same yield for the Noteholders.
It is possible that the Issuer may itself act as Rate Determination Agent and determine a Replacement
Reference Rate. In such case, the Issuer will make such determinations and adjustments as it deems
appropriate, and acting in good faith, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In making
such determinations and adjustments, the Issuer may be entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be
subject to conflicts of interest in exercising this discretion. There is no guarantee that any Replacement
Reference Rate will produce the same yield as the rate that was discontinued and the price of the affected Notes
may affect this.
The Replacement Reference Rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and will apply to
the relevant Notes without any requirement that the Issuer obtain consent of any Noteholders. For the
avoidance of doubt, Condition 5.2(h)) may be (re-)applied if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the
Replacement Reference Rate.
If the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or the Rate Determination Agent is unable to or
otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate under Condition 5.2(h)) with respect to a
particular Interest Determination Date, this could result under Conditions 5.2(a) or 5.2(b) in the effective
application of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate Note based on the rate which applied before
the Benchmark Event occurred. However, in such case, the Issuer will re-apply the provisions of Condition
5.2(h)), mutatis mutandis, for each subsequent Interest Determination Date on one or more occasions until a
Replacement Reference Rate has been determined, unless the Issuer is of the reasonable view (acting in good
faith) that re-application is not (yet) appropriate.
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor, alternative and substitute reference
rates and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 5.2(h)), the relevant fallback
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. The differences between the Replacement
Reference Rate and the Reference Rate could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any
such Notes. For example, several risk free rates, which are overnight rates, are currently being developed, while
a substitute, alternative or successor rate may have a certain maturity, for example a term of one, three or six
months. Additionally, the Replacement Reference Rate may perform differently from the discontinued

--- Page 21 ---
21
benchmark. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of
any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes or could
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes.
Furthermore, the terms and conditions of the Notes may be amended by the Issuer, as necessary to ensure the
proper operation of the Replacement Reference Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the
Noteholders.
There is a risk that the Rate Determination Agent may be considered an 'administrator' under the EU
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation.
The Rate Determination Agent may be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This is the case if it is considered to be in control over
the provision of the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the
Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or
otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a discontinuation scenario. This would
mean that the Rate Determination Agent (i) administers the arrangements for determining such rate, (ii)
collects, analyses, or processes input data for the purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determines such
rate through the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment of input data for that purpose.
Furthermore, for the Rate Determination Agent to be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the
determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto
by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context
of a discontinuation scenario should be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This may be the case if the Replacement
Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any
adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate
of interest in the context of a discontinuation scenario, is published or made available to the public and
regularly determined by application of a method of calculation or by an assessment, and on the basis of certain
values or surveys.
The EU Benchmarks Regulation, and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, stipulates that each
administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself must be licensed, registered,
authorised, recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. EMMI is registered as administrator of a benchmark in
accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. There is
a risk that administrators (which may include the Rate Determination Agent in the circumstances as described
above) of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, authorisation, recognition or endorsement,
preventing them from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise choose to discontinue or no
longer provide such benchmark. In such case, this may affect the possibility for the Rate Determination Agent
to apply the discontinuation provision of Condition 5.2(h) meaning that the applicable benchmark will remain
unchanged (but subject to the other provisions of Condition 5). Other administrators may cease to administer
certain benchmarks because of the additional costs of compliance with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable such as relating to governance and conflict of
interest, control framework, record keeping and complaints handling.
Actions taken by the Calculation Agent may affect the value of Notes.
The Calculation Agent for an issue of Notes is the agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the holders of the
Notes. The Calculation Agent is not acting as a fiduciary to any holders of Notes. The Calculation Agent will
make such determinations and adjustments as it deems appropriate, in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the specific issue of Notes. In making its determinations and adjustments, the Calculation Agent

--- Page 22 ---
22
will be entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest in exercising this
discretion that may influence the amount receivable under the Notes.
Potential conflicts of interest.
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or Rate Determination Agent, or the Calculation Agent or Rate
Determination Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the
Calculation Agent or Rate Determination Agent and Noteholders, including with respect to certain
determinations and judgements (i.e. pursuant to the applicable fallback provisions contained in Condition
5.2(h)) that the Calculation Agent or Rate Determination Agent may make pursuant to the Notes that may
influence the amount receivable or specified assets deliverable on redemption of the Notes. The Issuer might
have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders as the Issuer (i)
(when acting as Rate Determination Agent) has discretionary power in deciding the occurrence of a Benchmark
Event and (ii) has discretionary power in deciding the replacement of amendment of a benchmark. In making
such decisions and amendments, the Issuer may be entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be
subject to conflicts of interest in exercising this discretion. The Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may have
existing or future business relationships and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it deems necessary
or appropriate to protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a
Noteholder.
B.
Risks applicable to Subordinated Notes
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency.
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank pari passu
and without any preference among themselves. In the event of the insolvency (bankruptcy (faillissement), a
moratorium (surseance van betaling)), dissolution (ontbinding) or liquidation (vereffening) of the Issuer, the
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes will rank in right of payment after
unsubordinated unsecured creditors of the Issuer (and any set-off by holders of a Subordinated Note will be
excluded until all obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured creditors have been satisfied)
but will rank at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed by
their terms to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, and in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer.
Accordingly, although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are
not subordinated, there is an enhanced risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of their
investment should the Issuer become insolvent.
C.
Risks related to all Notes
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the
consent of all investors.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents.
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend
and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Principal Paying Agent may, without the consent
of Noteholders or Couponholders, agree to (i) any modification (except such modifications in respect of which
an increased quorum is required as set out in Condition 15) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency
Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) which is not prejudicial to the interests of
the Noteholders or (ii) any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a

--- Page 23 ---
23
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions
of the law or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the
Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 17. This may lead to the Notes not having certain
characteristics as the Noteholders may have expected and may impact the return on the Notes.
The value and return of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in Dutch law or administrative
practice.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on Dutch law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant
Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Dutch law or
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Such changes in law may include
amendments to a variety of tools which may affect the rights of Noteholders. Any such change could materially
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in respect of any
disputes involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in
connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent jurisdiction. Furthermore, in the event
that the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will generally be governed by the insolvency laws of
the Netherlands. The laws of the Netherlands (including, any insolvency laws) may be materially different from
the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective investors in its application to the Notes and the
treatment and ranking of holders of Notes issued by the Issuer and the Issuer’s other creditors and shareholders
under the insolvency laws of the Issuer’s place of incorporation may be different from the treatment and
ranking of holders of those Notes and the Issuer’s other creditors and shareholders if the Issuer was subject to
the insolvency laws of the investor’s home jurisdiction. The application of the laws of the Netherlands may
therefore lead to a different interpretation of, amongst others, the conditions of the Notes than the investor may
expect if the equivalent law of his home jurisdiction were applied or if the Issuer was subject to the insolvency
laws of the investor’s home jurisdiction. This may lead to the Notes not having certain characteristics as the
investor may have expected and may impact the return on the Notes.
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued.
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.
Therefore, if such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have
a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and
difficult to trade and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.
D.
Risks related to the market in respect of the Notes
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for example, Notes
may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market for the Notes does develop, it may not be liquid.
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for
Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of
investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value
of Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed trading market.
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will be exposed
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition of
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those
Notes.
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or
currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2)
the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the
Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates.
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes, as an equivalent
investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors.
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment
in those Notes.
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness and the credit rating of the Issuer, the credit
rating of the Notes and a number of additional factors, such as market interest and yield rates and the time
remaining to the maturity date and more generally all economic, financial and political events in any country,
including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above,
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in
the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact
the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. The price at which a Noteholder will be able

--- Page 25 ---
25
to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the
purchase price paid by such purchaser.

--- Page 26 ---
26
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the final terms (the
Final Terms) for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the
Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is in accordance with the facts
and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information.
Application may be made for certain series of Notes to be listed on Euronext in Amsterdam and/or any other
stock exchange. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes,
the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to any
Tranche (as defined below) of Notes will be set forth in the Final Terms relating to such Tranche which will be
filed with the AFM if required under the Prospectus Regulation and, if required, will be delivered to Euronext
Amsterdam or any other stock exchange, and filed with the relevant competent authorities together with an
issue specific summary and any translation thereof (each if required), on or before the date of issue of the Notes
of such Tranche.
The AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation has approved this Base Prospectus in
connection with the issue by the Issuer of Notes which are:
(a)
offered to the public in the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under
the Prospectus Regulation, whether or not such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any
platform; or
(b)
admitted to trading on any one or more regulated markets as defined under Directive 2014/65/EU of the
European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended, and as
implemented in applicable law.
The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement
of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
The Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date and shall expire on 28 February 2024, at the
latest, in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under
Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the
Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM.

--- Page 27 ---
27
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or
for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in
connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly
disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which
it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement.
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon
as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the
Programme or any Notes should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection
with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or
any of the Dealers or the Arranger to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent
to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers and the Arranger expressly
do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to
advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under
the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA Financial
Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8)
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic

--- Page 28 ---
28
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The applicable Final Terms in respect of
any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the
target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment)
and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID
Product Governance Rules.UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The
applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance"
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or
amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all
Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to the
contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or

--- Page 29 ---
29
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering
and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or
sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including the Netherlands), the United Kingdom, Japan, Hong
Kong and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.
U.S. INFORMATION
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to U.S. tax law
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling
Restrictions").
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of
QIBs for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of certain Notes issued
under the Programme. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied
or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than
the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the
United States and to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) only to persons who are QIBs in transactions
exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A or any other applicable exemption.
Each purchaser of Registered Notes in the United States or that is a U.S. person is hereby notified that the offer
and sale of any Registered Notes to it may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration
requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal
Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in registered
form in exchange or substitution therefor (together Legended Notes) will be deemed, by its acceptance or
purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict
the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling
Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in "Form
of the Notes".
NOTICE TO NEW HAMPSHIRE RESIDENTS
NEITHER THE FACT THAT A REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN APPLICATION FOR A
LICENSE HAS BEEN FILED UNDER CHAPTER 421-B OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE REVISED
STATUTES WITH THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NOR THE FACT THAT A SECURITY IS
EFFECTIVELY REGISTERED OR A PERSON IS LICENSED IN THE STATE OF NEW
HAMPSHIRE CONSTITUTES A FINDING BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE OF NEW
HAMPSHIRE THAT ANY DOCUMENT FILED UNDER CHAPTER 421-B IS TRUE, COMPLETE
AND NOT MISLEADING. NEITHER ANY SUCH FACT NOR THE FACT THAT AN EXEMPTION
OR EXCEPTION IS AVAILABLE FOR A SECURITY OR A TRANSACTION MEANS THAT THE
SECRETARY OF STATE HAS PASSED IN ANY WAY UPON THE MERITS OR QUALIFICATIONS
OF, OR RECOMMENDED OR GIVEN APPROVAL TO, ANY PERSON, SECURITY OR
TRANSACTION. IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE, OR CAUSE TO BE MADE, TO ANY
PROSPECTIVE 
PURCHASER, 
CUSTOMER 
OR 
CLIENT 
ANY 
REPRESENTATION
INCONSISTENT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH.

--- Page 30 ---
30
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “EUR”,
“Euro” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union (the
Member States), references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States
of America and references to “£”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom.
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have the
meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base
Prospectus.
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments;
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers,
whether it:
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall
investment portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes,
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency;
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets;
and
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital
or similar rules.

--- Page 31 ---
31
STABILISATION
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers (the Stabilisation
Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s)
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 32 ---
32
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF NOTES
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency)
may, subject as provided below, be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation
under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a Public Offer.
If, in the context of a Public Offer, you are offered Notes by any entity, you should check that such entity has
been given consent to use this Base Prospectus for the purposes of making its offer before agreeing to
purchase any Notes. The following entities have consent to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a
Public Offer:

any entity named as a Dealer or Manager in the applicable Final Terms;

any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Final Terms as having been granted specific
consent to use the Base Prospectus;

any 
financial 
intermediary 
named 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website
(http://www.randstad.com/investor-relations) as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the Public Offer
(if that financial intermediary has been appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms); and

if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”, any financial
intermediary authorised to make such offers under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive
(Directive 2014/65/EU) who has published the Acceptance Statement (set out below) on its website.
The entities listed above have been given consent to use the Base Prospectus only during the Offer Period
specified in the applicable Final Terms and only in the Public Offer Jurisdictions specified in the applicable
Final Terms. Other than as set out above, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any Public Offer by any
person and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection
with any Public Offer of Notes.
Please see below for certain important legal information relating to Public Offers.
Restrictions on Public Offers of Notes in relevant Member States
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of Notes in each Member State in
relation to which the Issuer has given its consent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each specified
Member State a Public Offer Jurisdiction and together the Public Offer Jurisdictions). Any person making
or intending to make a Public Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the
Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under “Consent given in accordance with Article
5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation” below and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to
that consent.
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation
In the context of a Public Offer of such Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Public Offer
Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an Investor) who purchases any
Notes in a Public Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made
during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the conditions attached to the
giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied with. The consent and conditions attached to
it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" below.

--- Page 33 ---
33
None of the Issuer or any Dealer/Manager makes any representation as to the compliance by that Authorised
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law
requirements in relation to any Public Offer and none of the Issuer or any Dealer/Manager has any
responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, the Issuer has not authorised the
making of any Public Offer by any Authorised Offeror or consented to the use of this Base Prospectus
by any other person in connection with any Public Offer of Notes. Any Public Offer made without the
consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any
Dealer/Manager accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the
persons making any such unauthorised offer.
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror,
the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the
purposes of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about
whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal
advice.
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (b) below are together the Authorised
Offerors and each an Authorised Offeror.
Consent
In connection with each Tranche of Notes, and provided that the applicable Final Terms specifies an Offer
Period:
Specific Consent
(a)
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if
applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of such Notes by the relevant Dealer and by:
(i)
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(ii)
any other financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(iii)
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and
whose name is published on the Issuer’s website (http://www.randstad.com/investor-relations)
and identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and
General Consent
(b)
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", the
Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the
relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of Notes by any financial intermediary
which satisfies the following conditions:
(i)
it is authorised to make such offers under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive
(Directive 2014/65/EU); and
(ii)
it accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by publishing on
its website the following statement (with the information in square brackets duly completed)
(the Acceptance Statement):

--- Page 34 ---
34
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant Notes] (the
Notes) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) published by Randstad N.V. (the
Issuer). In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as
defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in [specify Member State(s)] during the
Offer Period and subject to the other conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, we
hereby accept the offer by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base
Prospectus) and confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus accordingly."
The Authorised Offeror Terms are the terms to be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant
financial intermediary in connection with the use of this Base Prospectus.
Any Authorised Offeror falling within sub-paragraph (b) above who meets the other conditions stated in
“Common Conditions to Consent” below and wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a
Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the
Acceptance Statement.
Common Conditions to Consent
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Public
Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above if Part B of the applicable Final Terms
specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent:
(i)
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(ii)
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes
in the relevant Member States, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) falling within 12 months from the date of
this Base Prospectus.
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A PUBLIC OFFER
FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR OTHER THAN THE ISSUER OR ANY DEALER/MANAGER
WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH
AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND
SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS,
EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO
ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC
OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE
PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE
INVESTOR MUST LOOK AT THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF
SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUER OR,
FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER/MANAGER/ARRANGER (EXCEPT WHERE
SUCH DEALER/MANAGER/ARRANGER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS
ANY RESPONSIBILITY OF LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE
INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE.
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of
any Public Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish
or supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 35 ---
35
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES
The Issuer is a limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) organised under the laws of the
Netherlands. Most of the officers and directors named herein reside outside of the United States. As a result,
prospective investors may have difficulties effecting service of process in the United States upon the Issuer or
such persons in connection with any lawsuits related to the Notes, including actions arising under the federal
securities laws of the United States. In addition, investors may have difficulties in enforcing in original actions
brought in courts in jurisdictions outside the United States when those actions are predicated upon liabilities
created by U.S. securities laws.
In the absence of an enforcement treaty between the Netherlands and the United States, a judgment of a United
States court cannot be enforced in the Netherlands. In order to obtain a judgment that can be enforced in the
Netherlands against the Issuer, the dispute will have to be re-litigated before the competent Netherlands court.
This court will have discretion to attach such weight to a United States judgment as it deems appropriate.
According to current practice, based on case law, the Netherlands courts will in all probability recognize, give
‘res judicata’ effect to and render a judgment in accordance with a judgment of a United States court provided
such judgment meets the following requirements: (i) the relevant United States court has jurisdiction over the
matter on internationally acceptable grounds, (ii) proper service of process has been given, (iii) the proceedings
before the relevant United States court have complied with principles of proper procedure (behoorlijke
rechtspleging), (iv) such judgment is not contrary to the public policy (openbare orde) of the Netherlands, (v)
such judgment is not in conflict with a decision rendered by a Dutch court between the same parties, nor with
an earlier judgment rendered by a foreign court in proceedings involving the same cause of action and between
the same parties, provided that the earlier decision can be recognised in The Netherlands and (vi) such
judgment is final and not open to appeal and according to U.S. laws formally capable of being enforced.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Some statements in this Base Prospectus (or any supplement hereto) may be deemed to be forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements other than historical statements of fact,
including, without limitation, those concerning Randstad's financial position, plans, objectives, goals,
strategies, future operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking
statements. When used in this Base Prospectus (or any supplement hereto), the words ‘anticipates’, ‘estimates’,
‘expects’, ‘believes’, ‘intends’, ‘plans’, ‘aims’, ‘seeks’, ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘should’ and any similar expressions
generally identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained in the sections
entitled "Risk Factors", "Description of the Issuer", "Overview of the Programme" and other sections of this
Base Prospectus (or any supplement hereto).
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may
cause the actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results to be materially different from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, the
following:

Economic conditions;

Geopolitical developments and/or natural disasters;

Conditions in the international capital markets;

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;

Randstad’s exposure to certain interest rate risks;

Availability of Randstad’s cash flows;

Randstad's acquisitions and acquisition strategy;

Risks associated with the collection of trade receivables;

Randstad's ability to fully utilise its deferred tax assets;

--- Page 36 ---
36

Competition for personnel in the worldwide HR market;

Randstad’s ability to attract and retain qualified talents and temporary employees;

Legal and regulatory risk;

Changes in tax laws or the interpretation thereof;

Potential employment-related liabilities;

Intellectual property rights and the possibility of intellectual property infringement claims;

Risks associated with data protection regulation;

Randstad's ability to attract and retain key personnel;

Randstad’s ability to manage and develop information systems; and

Randstad’s exposure to failure of its risk management and control framework.
Randstad's risks are more specifically described under "Risk Factors". Randstad has based these
forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial
performance, which is based on numerous assumptions regarding Randstad's present and future business
strategies and the environment in which Randstad will operate in the future. Although Randstad believes that
the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the
date of this Base Prospectus (or any supplement hereto), if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise,
including those identified above or which Randstad has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus (or any
supplement hereto), or if any of Randstad's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate,
Randstad’s actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results may be materially different from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in
this Base Prospectus or any supplement hereto speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus or such
supplement. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, Randstad expressly
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus (or any
supplement hereto) any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any
change in expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such
forward-looking statement is based.

--- Page 37 ---
37
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The documents listed below, which have previously been published and have been filed with the AFM shall be
incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus (each an Incorporated Document and together the
Incorporated Documents) and are correct as of their date:
(a)
the 
Articles 
of 
Association 
of 
the 
Issuer, 
which 
can 
also 
be 
obtained 
from
https://www.randstad.com/s3fs-media/rscom/public/2020-06/randstad-nv-articles-of-association-2020.p
df;
(b)
the publicly available annual audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 which appear on pages 160 to 163 (inclusive)
and pages 221 to 222 (inclusive) of the Randstad Annual Report 2021, including the notes thereto on
pages 164 to 220 (inclusive) and pages 223 to 226 (inclusive) (the 2021 Annual Report) and the
auditor’s report which appears on pages 230 to 237 (inclusive) of the 2021 Annual Report, which can
be 
obtained 
from
https://www.randstad.com/s3fs-media/rscom/public/2022-02/randstad-annual-report-2021.pdf; and
(c)
the publicly available annual audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 which appear on pages 200 to 203 (inclusive)
and page 259 to 260 (inclusive) of the Randstad Annual Report 2022, including the notes thereto on
pages 204 to 258 (inclusive) and pages 261 to 264 (inclusive) (the 2022 Annual Report) and the
auditor’s report which appears on pages 268 to 275 (inclusive) of the 2022 Annual Report, which can
be 
obtained 
from
https://www.randstad.com/s3fs-media/rscom/public/2023-02/Randstad_Annual_Report_2022.pdf.
The Issuer will provide, without charge, upon request of such person, a copy of any or all of the Incorporated
Documents. Requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its registered office set out at the
end of this Base Prospectus. Copies of the Incorporated Documents can also be obtained from
http://www.randstad.com/investor-relations.
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the Incorporated Documents shall not form part of this
Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant
for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38
FORM OF THE NOTES
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached (the Bearer
Notes), or registered form, without interest coupons attached (the Registered Notes). Bearer Notes will be
issued outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and Registered
Notes may be issued both outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by
Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A or otherwise in private transactions that are
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Bearer Notes
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a Temporary
Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a Permanent Global
Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in either case, will:
(a)
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and
(b)
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and
Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be
made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be
issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the
beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has
given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent.
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either
for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same
Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms
and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final
Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification
has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able
to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any
payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification,
exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Bearer
Notes is improperly withheld or refused.
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any
requirement for certification.
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in
whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached

--- Page 39 ---
39
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event
of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the
Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance
with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event,
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common depositary or the common safekeeper for Euroclear
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of
an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange
and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days
after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent.
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), interest coupons
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE."
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any
gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest coupons.
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.
Registered Notes
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to
non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a
Regulation S Global Note). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S)
applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or
sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 and such
Registered Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer.
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons may only be
offered and sold in private transactions to QIBs. The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold to
QIBs will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a Rule 144A Global Note and, together
with a Regulation S Global Note, each a Registered Global Note).
The Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case
may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a common nominee of,
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified
in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled
or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of
definitive Notes in fully registered form.
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 6.4)
as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar

--- Page 40 ---
40
will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made
on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record
Date (as defined in Condition 6.4) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in
that Condition.
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an
Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any
such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax
consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in
definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream,
Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such
Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first
relevant notice by the Registrar.
Transfer of Interests
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred
to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note. No beneficial owner of an
interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the
applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable.
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend
regarding such restrictions, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions".
General
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of
Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, if required, the
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which is different from the common
code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the
distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final
Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent.
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10. In such
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof)
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the
amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will
become void from 8.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on the day immediately following such day holders of interests
in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case

--- Page 41 ---
41
may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account
provided by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note.
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new base prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus,
if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to
such Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
42
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY
OTHER CURRENCY), OTHER THAN NOTES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ONLY ON A
REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH
ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not
Notes to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to
which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access and which have a
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) issued under the Programme.
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered,
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as
amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance
Distribution Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10)
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered,
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA44. Consequently, no key
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID
II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor)
1
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document
will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".
2
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 43 ---
43
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution
channels.]3
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook
(COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering,
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4
OR
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS, AND
ECPS – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended,
MiFID II)][MiFID II]; [and] (ii) all channels for distribution [to eligible counterparties and professional
clients] are appropriate; [and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution
services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]5
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS
AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market
for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA
(UK MiFIR); and [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate -
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][,
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. Any person
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible
3
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.
4
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.
5
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach.

--- Page 44 ---
44
(ii)
otherwise]7 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any
other circumstances.
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [an EEA
regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which only
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or sold to
non-qualified investors.]8
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the base
prospectus dated 28 February 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together]
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein which have been prepared for the purposes
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all
the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on
www.randstad.com/investor-relations/randstad-share/debt-facility. Any information contained in or accessible
through any website, including www.randstad.com/investor-relations/randstad-share/debt-facility, does not
form a part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless specifically
stated in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement to the Base Prospectus or in any document incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]6
[Date]
RANDSTAD N.V.
(incorporated in the Netherlands with its statutory seat in Amsterdam)
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 7245009EAAUUQJ0U4T57
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so [:
(i)
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 8 of Part B below, provided such person is a
Dealer/Manager or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus) and that such
offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein and that any conditions
relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or
6
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach.
7
Include this wording where a public offer of Notes is anticipated.
8
Include this wording for each Tranche of Notes which are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a
regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access.

--- Page 45 ---
45
[  ]
2.
(a)
Series Number:
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
(b)
Calculation Amount (in relation to
calculation of interest in global
form see Conditions):
[  ]
[   ]
[   ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination,
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a
common factor in the case of two or more Specified
Denominations.)
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
7.
(a)
Issue Date:
[  ]
1.
Issuer:
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
(b)
Tranche Number:
(a)
Series:
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be
[   ]
[   ]
Randstad N.V.
(b)
Tranche:
[   ]
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified
or amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed
capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on
Recommendations on Investment Products)].]9
(c)
Date on which the Notes will be
consolidated and form a single
Series:
5.
Issue Price:
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the
date that is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [26] below,
which is expected to occur on or about [date]/[Not
Applicable]
6.
(a)
Specified Denominations:
9
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 46 ---
46
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[  ][Fixed rate - specify date][Floating rate - Interest
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and
year]]
[(NB: The Maturity Date [should not be/may need to be
not] less than one year after the Issue Date)]
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of
this paragraph)
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and
identify there] [Not Applicable]
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest
Payment Date
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon
Notes.)
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons)
12.
Put/Call Options:
9.
Interest Basis:
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for
Notes in definitive form (and in
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Issuer Refinancing Call]
[Issuer Clean-up Call]
[Make-Whole Redemption Call]
[Issuer Transaction Trigger Call]
[(further particulars specified below)]
[   ] per Calculation Amount
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[ ] month EURIBOR +/- [ ] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
(further particulars specified below)
13.
(a)
Status of the Notes:
[Senior/Subordinated]
(b)
Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for
issuance of Notes obtained:
10.
Redemption:
[    ]
(N.B. 
Only
relevant 
where
Board 
(or 
similar)
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of
Notes)
8.
Maturity Date:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity
Date at [   ] per cent. of their nominal amount
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 47 ---
47
(e)
Party responsible for calculating
the Rate of Interest and Interest
Amount (if not the Agent):
[   ] (the Calculation Agent)
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[[
 ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not Applicable]
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of
this paragraph)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this
subparagraph)

Reference Rate:
[  ] month [EURIBOR]
(a)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified
Interest Payment Dates:
relation to Notes in global form
see Conditions):

Interest 
Determination
Date(s):
[
 ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the
Business Day Convention set out in (b)/, not subject to
any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (b) is
specified to be “Not Applicable”]
[  ]
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System (or any
successor thereto) is open prior to the start of each
Interest Period if EURIBOR)
(e)
Day Count Fraction:

Relevant Screen Page:
[  ]
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR01)
(b)
Business Day Convention:
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention]
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[   ]
(f)
Determination Date(s):
(d)
Manner in which the Rate of
Interest and Interest Amount is to
be determined:
[[   ] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only
relevant 
where 
Day
Count 
Fraction 
is
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon)
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(d)
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in
definitive form (and in relation to
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see
Conditions):

--- Page 48 ---
48
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this
subparagraph)
[(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected
below, note that “Administrator/Benchmark Event”,
“Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative
Rate Determination” are not workable in a notes context.
Amendments will therefore need to be made to the
Conditions which will require a drawdown prospectus
under the Prospectus Regulation for the issue)]
(h)
Margin(s):
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

Floating Rate Option:
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum
[Actual/360]
[   ]
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions))
(i)
Linear Interpolation:
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[Not Applicable/Applicable]- the Rate of Interest for the
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period shall be
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each
short or long interest period)]
[30E/360][Eurobond basis]
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
30E/360 (ISDA)]

Designated Maturity:
[  ] per cent. per annum
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions

ISDA Definitions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of
[   ]
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[   ] per cent. per annum
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]
(l)
Day Count Fraction:

Reset Date:
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[   ]
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of
the Interest Period)

--- Page 49 ---
49
(ii)
Maximum 
Redemption
Amount:
this paragraph)
[   ]
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
(b)
Reference Price:
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
18.
Issuer Call:
[   ]
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to
consider the practicalities of distribution of information
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system business
days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any
other notice requirements which may apply, for example,
as between the Issuer and the Agent)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of
this paragraph)
19.
Issuer Refinancing Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs
of this paragraph)
[   ]
(c)
Day Count Fraction in relation to
Early Redemption Amounts:
(a)
Date 
from 
which 
Issuer
Refinancing 
Call 
may 
be
exercised:
(a)
Accrual Yield:
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
(Insert date of agreed amount of months prior to Maturity
Date of the Notes)
[   ] per Calculation Amount]
(c)
If redeemable in part:
[  ] per cent. per annum
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
(i)
Minimum 
Redemption
Amount:
[   ]
17.
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
7.2
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption
for tax reasons):

--- Page 50 ---
50
[   ]
(b)
Notice periods (if other than set
out in the Conditions):
(b)
Notice periods (if other than set
out in the Conditions):
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to
consider the practicalities of distribution of information
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system business
days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any
other notice requirements which may apply, for example,
as between the Issuer and the Agent.)
(b)
Notice periods (if other than set
out in the Conditions):
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to
consider the practicalities of distribution of information
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems
and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and
the Agent)
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
(c)
Parties to be notified by Issuer of
Make-Whole Redemption Date
and 
Make-Whole 
Redemption
Amount in addition to those set
out in Condition 7.3(C):
[   ]/[Not Applicable]
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
(d)
Discounting basis for purposes of
calculating sum of the present
values of the remaining scheduled
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly]
20.
Issuer Clean-up Call:
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to
consider the practicalities of distribution of information
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems
and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and
the Agent)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of
this paragraph)
21.
Make-Whole Redemption Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of
this paragraph)
(a)
Date from which the Issuer
Make-Whole 
Call 
may 
be
exercised:
(a)
Percentage of aggregate nominal
amount of the Notes outstanding:
[   ]

--- Page 51 ---
51
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to
consider the practicalities of distribution of information
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems
and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and
the Agent)
(h)
Reference Security:
[   ]
23.
Investor Put:
[give details]
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of
this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[   ]
22.
Issuer Transaction Trigger Call:
payments of principal and interest
on the Redeemed Notes in the
determination of the Make-Whole
Redemption Amount:
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount(s)
of each Note:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of
this paragraph)
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(f)
Quotation Agent:
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
(a)
Transaction Trigger Redemption
Amount:
[   ]/[Not Applicable]
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to
consider the practicalities of distribution of information
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems
and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and
the Agent)
(b)
Description
of Transaction in
respect of which the Notes are
issued:
[   ]
(g)
Reference Dealers:
(c)
Transaction Notice Period:
[give details]
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
(e)
Make-Whole Redemption Margin:

--- Page 52 ---
52
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium,
except to a clearing system, a depository or other
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14
December 200510]
24.
Final Redemption Amount:
(a)
Form:
[  ] per Calculation Amount
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of
the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption
Amount is likely to be par (but consider). If, however, the
Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. of
the nominal value, consideration should be given as to
what the Early Redemption Amount should be.)
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes
language 
substantially 
to 
the
following 
effect:
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess
thereof up to and including [€199,000]." Furthermore,
such
Specified Denomination construction is
not
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be
represented on issue by a Temporary/Permanent Global
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.)
Bearer Notes:
Registered Notes:
[  ] per Calculation Amount
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$/€[ ] aggregate nominal
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for [a
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream,
Luxembourg / a common safekeeper for Euroclear and
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes
only upon an Exchange Event]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
26.
Form of Notes:
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive
Notes only upon an Exchange Event]
25.
Early Redemption Amount payable on
redemption for taxation reasons or on
event of default:
10
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 53 ---
53
[[Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof,
[[administrator
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register
of
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that
[name of administrator] is not currently required to obtain
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced
information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Randstad N.V.:
By:
Duly authorised
Clearstream, Luxembourg]
[Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$/€[] nominal amount)
registered in the name of [a common depositary for
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg].]
27.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which
sub-paragraph 15(c) relates)
28.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached
to Definitive Notes:
(b)
[New Global Note:
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments,
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be
made/No]
[Yes][No]
29.
Relevant Benchmark[s]:

--- Page 54 ---
54
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify
relevant
regulated
market (for example
Euronext
Amsterdam, the Bourse de Luxembourg or the Regulated
Market of the Irish Stock Exchange) and, if relevant,
listing on an official list] with effect from [ ].]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating
provider.]
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
2.
RATINGS
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated,
that rating.)
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]]
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on
[specify relevant regulated market (for example Euronext
Amsterdam, the Bourse de Luxembourg or the Regulated
Market of the Irish Stock Exchange) and, if relevant,
listing on an official list] with effect from [ ].] [Not
Applicable.]
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined
terms].
1.
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO
TRADING
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the European
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No.
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).]/[Each
of [defined terms] is established in the United Kingdom
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the
UK
CRA
Regulation).]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.)

--- Page 55 ---
55
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the
ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests].
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
[  ]
[Expenses are required to be broken down into each
principal intended "use" and presented in order of
priority of such "uses".]
7.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
Reasons for the offer
(i)
ISIN Code:
[  ]
5.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only)
[See “Use
of Proceeds” wording in the Base
Prospectus/give details]
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in the Base Prospectus
– if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in
the Base Prospectus, give details.)
(ii)
Common Code:
[  ]
(iii)
CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the
website of the Association of National Numbering
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the
Indication of yield:
[  ]
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES
[  ]
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and
sources of other funding.)
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.
6.
[PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes Only)11
(iii)
Estimated total expenses:
Details of performance of [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].]
11
Delete for each Tranche of Notes which are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a
regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access.

--- Page 56 ---
56
8.
DISTRIBUTION
(vi)
Delivery:
(iv)
FISN:
(i)
Method of distribution:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and
addresses
of
Managers
and
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the
website of the Association of National Numbering
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and underwriting
commitments]
(vii)
Names and addresses of additional
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[  ]
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
[(viii)
[Intended to be held in a
manner 
which 
would 
allow
Eurosystem eligibility:
(v)
Any clearing system(s) other than
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the
relevant identification number(s):
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as
common safekeeper, that is, held under NSS,] [include
this text for Registered Notes which are to be held under
the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the
satisfaction of Eurosystem eligibility criteria.]
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [,
and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this text
for Registered Notes which are to be held under NSS].
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life.
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been
met.]

--- Page 57 ---
57
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged”
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products
and a key information document will be prepared in the
EEA, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes
may constitute “packaged” products
and no key
information document will be prepared, “Applicable”
should be specified.)
(iv)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
(ix)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail
Investors:
[Not Applicable/give name]
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged”
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products
and a key information document will be prepared in the
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes
may constitute “packaged” products
and no key
information document will be prepared, “Applicable”
should be specified.)
(x)
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian
Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before
disapplying this selling restriction)]
(v)
If non-syndicated, name and
address of relevant Dealer:
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts"
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers.)
(xi)
Public Offer:
[Not Applicable/give name and address]
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders of
this paragraph (xi) and also paragraph 9 below)
(vi)
[Total 
commission 
and
concession:]12
underwriting commitments:
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount
(iii)
Date of [Subscription] Agreement:
(vii)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[    ]
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2]; [Rule 144A]; [TEFRA
D Rules applicable/TEFRA C Rules applicable/TEFRA
not applicable]]
(viii)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail
Investors:
12
Delete for each Tranche of Notes which are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a
regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access.

--- Page 58 ---
58
[Issue Price/Not applicable/specify]
[Specify date] until [specify date or a formula such as
"the Issue Date" or "the date which falls [] Business
Days thereafter"] (the Offer Period)
(e)
Other Authorised Offeror
Terms:
(ii)
Conditions to which the offer is
subject:
[Not applicable/give details]
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised Offeror
Terms].
(iii)
Description
of the application
process:
[Not applicable/give details]
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the issuer
intends to make the Public Offer(s) (selected from the
Public Offer Jurisdictions listed in the Base Prospectus),
which must therefore be jurisdictions where the Base
Prospectus and any supplements have been passported
(in addition to the jurisdiction where approved and
published)]
(iv)
Details of the minimum and/or
maximum amount of application:
(c)
Financial 
intermediaries
granted specific consent to
use the Base Prospectus in
accordance 
with 
the
Conditions in it:
[Not applicable/give details]
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included here
where General Consent is applicable.)
(v)
Description
of 
possibility 
to
reduce subscriptions and manner
[Not applicable/give details]
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries
receiving consent (specific consent)]
(N.B. Consider any
local regulatory requirements
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a public
offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such offer should be
made in any relevant jurisdiction until those requirements
have been met. Public offers may only be made into
jurisdictions in which the Base Prospectus (and any
supplement) has been notified/passported.)
9.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER
(d)
General Consent:
(b)
Offer Period:
(Delete whole section if subparagraph (xi) is specified to be “Not Applicable” because there is no
Public Offer)
[Not Applicable][Applicable]
(a)
Public Offer Jurisdictions:
(i)
Offer Price:

--- Page 59 ---
59
(xi)
Amount of any expenses and taxes
specifically 
charged 
to 
the
subscriber or purchaser:
[Not applicable/give details]
[Not applicable/give details]
(xii)
Name(s) and address(es), to the
extent known to the Issuer, of the
placers in the various countries
where the offer takes place:
[The Authorised Offerors identified in or in the manner
specified in paragraph 8 above and identifiable from the
Base Prospectus/None/give details.]
(viii)
Procedure for exercise of any right
of pre-emption, negotiability of
subscription rights and treatment
of 
subscription 
rights 
not
exercised:
[Not applicable/give details]
(vi)
Details of the method and time
limits for paying up and delivering
the Notes:
(ix)
Whether tranche(s) have been
reserved for certain countries:
[Not applicable/give details]
[Not applicable/give details]
(x)
Process 
for 
notification 
to
applicants of the amount allotted
and the indication whether dealing
may begin before notification is
made:
for refunding excess amount paid
by applicants:
[Not applicable/give details]
(vii)
Manner in and date on which
results of the offer are to be made
public:

--- Page 60 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
60
ANNEX1
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES
1
[Attach an issue specific summary for tranches of Notes that are Public Offers and have a denomination of less than EUR
100,000].

--- Page 61 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
61
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN
ANY OTHER CURRENCY) OR MORE
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which
have a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or more issued
under the Programme.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of
Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus
Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No
1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the
PRIIPs Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each]
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each]

--- Page 62 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
62
1.
Issuer:
Randstad N.V.
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of EUWA (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and
determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[Date]
RANDSTAD N.V.
(incorporated in the Netherlands with its statutory seat in Amsterdam)
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 7245009EAAUUQJ0U4T57
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth
in the base prospectus dated 28 February 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the
Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein which
have been prepared for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and the
Final 
Terms 
have 
been 
published 
on
www.randstad.com/investor-relations/randstad-share/debt-facility. Any information contained in or
accessible 
through 
any 
website, 
including
www.randstad.com/investor-relations/randstad-share/debt-facility, does not form a part of the Base
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless specifically stated in the
Base Prospectus, in any supplement to the Base Prospectus or in any document incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such
information is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum
denomination may need to be €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is
not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]2
2
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the
launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 63 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
63
[   ]
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the
following sample wording should be followed:
2.
(a)
Series Number:
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a
denomination above [€199,000].")
(a)
Series:
(b)
Calculation 
Amount 
(in
relation to calculation
of
interest in global form see
Conditions):
[   ]
[  ]
(c)
Date on which the Notes will
be consolidated and form a
single Series:
[   ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of
two or more Specified Denominations.)
(b)
Tranche:
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred
to in paragraph [26] below, which is expected to
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable]
7.
(a)
Issue Date:
[   ]
[   ]
(b)
Interest
Commencement [specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
5.
Issue Price:
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
6.
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[   ]
[   ]
(b)
Tranche Number:
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of
€100,000 (or equivalent) unless they are to be
admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a
specific segment of a regulated market, to which
only qualified investors have access)
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:

--- Page 64 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
64
9.
Interest Basis:
(b)
[Date [Board] approval for
issuance of Notes obtained:
[    ]]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar)
authorisation is required for the particular tranche
of Notes)
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[ ] month EURIBOR +/- [ ] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
(further particulars specified below)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
10.
Redemption[/Payment] Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the
remaining
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the
Maturity Date at [ ] per cent. of their nominal
amount
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon
Notes.)
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each
Interest Payment Date
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[  ] in each year up to and including the Maturity
Date
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular
coupons)
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
12.
Put/Call Options:
Date:
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Issuer Refinancing Call]
[Issuer Clean-up Call]
[Make-Whole Redemption Call]
[Issuer Transaction Trigger Call]
[(further particulars specified below)]
[
 ] [Fixed rate - specify date][Floating rate -
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to
[specify month and year]]
13.
(a)
Status of the Notes:
[Senior/Subordinated]

--- Page 65 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
65
[[   ] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or
last coupon)
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(d)
Broken Amount(s) for Notes
in definitive form (and in
relation to Notes in global
form see Conditions):
(e)
Party 
responsible 
for
calculating 
the 
Rate
of
Interest and Interest Amount
(if not the Agent):
[   ] (the Calculation Agent)
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not Applicable]
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the
remaining
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this
subparagraph)
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for
Notes in definitive form (and
in relation to Notes in global
form see Conditions):

Reference Rate:
[ ] month [EURIBOR]
(a)
Specified Period(s)/Specified
Interest Payment Dates:

Interest
Determination
[[  ]][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the
Business Day Convention set out in (b) /, not subject
to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention
in (b) is specified to be Not Applicable]
[   ]
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System (or any
(e)
Day Count Fraction:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Business Day Convention:
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day
Convention/[specify other]]
(c)
Additional 
Business
Centre(s):
[   ]
(f)
Determination Date(s):
(d)
Manner in which the Rate of
Interest and Interest Amount
is to be determined:

--- Page 66 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
66
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]

Designated Maturity:
[   ]
Actual/365 (Fixed)
(g)
ISDA Determination:
successor thereto) is open prior to the start of each
Interest Period if EURIBOR)
Actual/365 (Sterling)

Reset Date:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this
subparagraph)
[(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is
selected below, note that “Administrator/Benchmark
Event”, “Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” are not
workable in a notes context. Amendments will
therefore need to be made to the Conditions which
will require a drawdown prospectus under the
Prospectus Regulation for the issue)]
[   ]
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first
day of the Interest Period)
Actual/360
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
(h)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]

ISDA Definitions:
30E/360 (ISDA)]
(i)
Linear Interpolation:
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]
Not Applicable / Applicable - the Rate of Interest for
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation
(specify for each short or long interest period)]

Relevant 
Screen
Page:
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[   ] per cent. per annum

Floating Rate Option:
[   ]
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR01)
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[   ]
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating
Rate Matrix (as
defined in the 2021 ISDA
Definitions))
[   ] per cent. per annum
Date(s):

--- Page 67 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
67
[   ]
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
(ii)
Maximum
Redemption Amount:
17.
Notice periods for Condition 7.2
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase
–
Redemption for tax reasons):
[   ]
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
(b)
Reference Price:
18.
Issuer Call:
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution
of information through intermediaries, for example,
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer
and the Agent)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the
remaining
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the
remaining
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
19.
Issuer Refinancing Call:
[   ]
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
(If
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
[   ]
(a)
Date 
from 
which 
Issuer
Refinancing Call may be
exercised:
(c)
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in
relation to Early Redemption
Amounts:
(b)
Optional 
Redemption
Amount:
[   ] per Calculation Amount]
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
(a)
Accrual Yield:
(c)
If redeemable in part:
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
(i)
Minimum
Redemption Amount:
[ ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 68 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
68
(a)
Date from which the Issuer
Make-Whole Call may be
exercised:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
[   ]
(b)
Notice periods (if other than
set out in the Conditions):
(b)
Notice periods (if other than
set out in the Conditions):
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
(a)
Percentage
of 
aggregate
nominal amount of the Notes
outstanding::
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
[   ]
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution
of information through intermediaries, for example,
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any
other notice requirements which may apply, for
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent)
(c)
Parties to be notified by
Issuer
of 
Make-Whole
Redemption 
Date 
and
Make-Whole 
Redemption
Amount in addition to those
set out in Condition 7.3(C):
[   ]/[Not Applicable]
(b)
Notice periods (if other than
set out in the Conditions):
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
(Insert date of agreed amount of months prior to
Maturity Date of the Notes)
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution
of information through intermediaries, for example,
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer
and the Agent.)
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution
of information through intermediaries, for example,
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any
other notice requirements which may apply, for
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent)
21.
Make-Whole Redemption Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the
remaining
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
20.
Issuer Clean-up Call:

--- Page 69 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
69
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution
of information through intermediaries, for example,
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any
other notice requirements which may apply, for
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent)
(h)
Reference Security:
[   ]
23.
Investor Put:
[give details]
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the
remaining
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(d)
Discounting 
basis 
for
purposes of calculating sum
of the present values of the
remaining 
scheduled
payments of principal and
interest on the Redeemed
Notes in the determination of
the Make-Whole Redemption
Amount:
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s): [   ]
22.
Issuer Transaction Trigger Call:
(b)
Optional 
Redemption
Amount(s) of each Note:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the
remaining
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(f)
Quotation Agent:
(c)
Notice periods:
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly]
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
(a)
Transaction 
Trigger
Redemption Amount:
[   ]/[Not Applicable]
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution
of information through intermediaries, for example,
(b)
Description of Transaction in
respect of which the Notes
are issued:
[   ]
(g)
Reference Dealers:
(c)
Transaction Notice Period:
[give details]
Minimum period: [   ] days
Maximum period: [   ] days
(e)
Make-Whole 
Redemption
Margin:

--- Page 70 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
70
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive
Notes only upon an Exchange Event]
24.
Final Redemption Amount:
26.
Form of Notes:
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium,
except to a clearing system, a depository or other
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14
December 20053]
[  ] per Calculation Amount
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options
should not be expressed to be applicable if the
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6
includes language substantially to the following
effect: "[€100,000]
and
integral multiples
of
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including
[€199,000]." 
Furthermore, 
such
Specified
Denomination construction is not permitted in
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be
represented on issue by a Temporary/Permanent
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.)
(a)
Form:
Registered Note:
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$/€[ ] aggregate
nominal amount) registered in the name of a
Bearer Note:
25.
Early Redemption Amount payable on
redemption for taxation reasons or on
event of default:
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any
other notice requirements which may apply, for
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent)
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]
[  ] per Calculation Amount
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but
consider). If, however, the
Final Redemption
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal
value, consideration should be given as to what the
Early Redemption Amount should be.)
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
3
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 71 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
71
Signed on behalf of Randstad N.V.:
27.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
By:
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear
and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]
[Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$/€[ ] nominal
amount) registered in the name of [a common
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream,
Luxembourg].]
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and
place of payment and not the end dates of Interest
Periods for the purposes of calculating the amount
of interest, to which sub-paragraphs 15(c) relates)
Duly authorised
28.
Talons for future Coupons to be
attached to Definitive Notes:
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments
are still to be made/No]
(b)
[New Global Note:
29.
Relevant Benchmark[s]:
[Yes][No]]
[[Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of
administrators and benchmarks established and
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the
EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark]
does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the
European Union, recognition, endorsement or
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 72 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
72
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected
to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the
Programme generally]
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO
TRADING
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading
on [specify relevant regulated market (for example
Euronext Amsterdam, the Bourse de Luxembourg or
the Regulated Market of the Irish Stock Exchange)
and, if relevant, listing on an official list] with effect
from [ ].] [Not Applicable.]
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the
relevant
credit
rating agency entity(ies)
and
associated defined terms].
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the
European Union and is registered under Regulation
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA
Regulation).]/[Each
of 
[defined 
terms] 
is
established in the United Kingdom and is registered
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms
part of domestic law by virtue of the European
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA
Regulation).]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to
trading.)
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses
related 
to 
admission 
to
trading:
(i)
Listing and Admission to
trading
[  ]
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on
[specify relevant regulated market (for example
Euronext Amsterdam, the Bourse de Luxembourg or
the Regulated Market of the Irish Stock Exchange)
and, if relevant, listing on an official list] with effect
from [ ].]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:

--- Page 73 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
73
(iii)
Estimated total expenses:
[   ]
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL
EXPENSES
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the
Programme generally or, where the issue has been
specifically rated, that rating.)
[Expenses are required to be broken down into each
principal intended “use” and presented in order of
priority of such “uses”.]
5.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[See “Use
of Proceeds” wording in Base
Prospectus/give details]
Indication of yield:
[  ]
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future
yield.
of the ratings if this has previously been published
by the rating provider.]
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in the Base
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from what
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details.)
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no
person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as
appropriate if there are other interests]
[   ]
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will
need to split out and present in order of priority. If
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state
amount and sources of other funding.)
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 74 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
74
(vi)
Delivery:
Details of performance of [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from
[Reuters].]
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(ii)
Common Code:
(vii)
Names and addresses
of
additional Paying Agent(s) (if
any):
[  ]
[  ]
(viii)
Intended to be held in a
manner which would allow
Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,
that is, held under NSS,] [include this text for
Registered Notes which are to be held under the
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes
will be recognised as eligible collateral for
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at
any or all times during their life. Such recognition
will depend upon the satisfaction of Eurosystem
eligibility criteria.]
(iii)
CFI:
7.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the
website of the Association of National Numbering
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the
responsible National Numbering Agency that
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
6.
[PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes Only)4
(iv)
FISN:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the
website of the Association of National Numbering
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the
responsible National Numbering Agency that
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(i)
ISIN Code:
(v)
Any clearing system(s) other
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV
and 
Clearstream,
Luxembourg and the relevant
identification number(s):
[  ]
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
4
Delete for each Tranche of Notes which are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific
segment of a Regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have
access.

--- Page 75 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
75
(vi)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2]; [Rule 144A];
[TEFRA D Rules applicable/TEFRA C Rules
applicable/TEFRA not applicable]]
(ii)
If syndicated, names and
addresses of Managers:
(vii)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA
Retail Investors:
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses]
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged”
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged”
products and a key information document will be
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged”
products and no key information document will be
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)
8.
DISTRIBUTION
(viii)
Prohibition of Sales to UK
Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged”
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged”
products and a key information document will be
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be
(iii)
Date
of 
[Subscription]
Agreement:
[  ]
(iv)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if
any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(i)
Method of distribution:
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at
the date
of these Final Terms, should the
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and registered in
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as
common safekeeper] [include this text for Registered
Notes which are to be held under NSS]. Note that
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will
then be recognised as eligible collateral for
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility
criteria have been met.]
(v)
If non-syndicated, name and
address of relevant Dealer:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
[Not Applicable/give name and address]

--- Page 76 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
76
(ix)
[Prohibition
of 
Sales 
to
Belgian Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel
before disapplying this selling restriction)]
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged”
products and no key information document will be
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 77 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
77
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference
into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted
by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the
relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have
endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in
relation to any Tranche of Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the
following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the
relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive
Note. Reference should be made to "Form of Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final
Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Randstad N.V. (the Issuer, which
expression shall include any Substituted Debtor (as defined in Condition 17)) pursuant to the Agency
Agreement (as defined below).
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series (as defined below) and
shall mean:
(a)
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified
Denomination in the Specified Currency;
(b)
any Global Note;
(c)
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange (or part exchange) for
a Global Note in bearer form; and
(d)
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in
exchange (or part exchange) for a Global Note in registered form).
The holders of the Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of, are
entitled to the benefit of and are subject to the provisions of an amended and restated agency
agreement dated 28 February 2023 (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or
restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) and made between the Issuer, ABN AMRO Bank
N.V. as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which
expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named
therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include
any additional or successor paying agents), and Société Générale Luxembourg as registrar (the
Registrar, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and a transfer agent and the other
transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression
shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the
Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Paying Agents, and other
Transfer Agents together referred to as the Agents.
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the
Conditions) and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to
the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this
Note. References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.

--- Page 78 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
78
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes in the standard euromarket form (unless otherwise indicated
in the applicable Final Terms) have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for
further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall,
unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.
Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.
Any reference herein to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of
Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose
name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be
construed as provided below. Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the
Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have
the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to
accrue.
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection or collection during normal business
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading
on Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (Euronext) in Amsterdam (Euronext Amsterdam), the applicable
Final Terms will be delivered to Euronext Amsterdam on or before the date of issue of such Notes.
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit
of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable
to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed
provisions of the Agency Agreement.
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as
amended.
1.
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms
and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified
Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for
Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for
Registered Notes and vice versa.
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a
combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis indicated in the
applicable Final Terms.
This Note may also be a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note as indicated in the applicable
Final Terms.

--- Page 79 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
79
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title
to the Registered Notes will pass upon notification of transfers to the Issuer or any Transfer
Agent on its behalf in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (which
transfer will then be recorded in the Register (as defined below)). The Issuer and any Agent
will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or
Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof
(whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global
Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg),
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being
shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a
particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document
issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in
the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of
the relevant Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall
be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions
Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as
the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative
clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.
2.
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES
2.1
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and,
if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors
and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will,
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for
Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the
same series only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and
only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and
conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.
2.2
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form
Subject as provided in paragraphs 2.5, 2.6 and 2.7 below, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be

--- Page 80 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
80
transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final
Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the
Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of
the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer
thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly
authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be
required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due
and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person
making the request in the standard euromarket form (unless otherwise indicated in the
applicable Final Terms). Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as
the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations
being set out in Schedule 8 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the
relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on
which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply
with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure
the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the
transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new
Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note
(or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part
only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in
respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and
delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor.
2.3
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be
required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called
for partial redemption.
2.4
Costs of registration
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration
of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by
regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient
to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to
the registration.
2.5
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of,
or of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States
or who is a U.S. person will only be made upon receipt by the Registrar of a written
certification substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as
appropriate (a Transfer Certificate), copies of which are available from the specified office
of any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note or beneficial interest therein to the
effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes to
be a QIB and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of
the United States or any other jurisdiction.
Such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in global or definitive form.
After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period such certification requirements
will no longer apply to such transfers.

--- Page 81 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
81
2.6
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made:
(a)
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global
Note, upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the
transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with
Regulation S; or
(b)
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note where
the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB, without
certification;
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the
United States or any other jurisdiction.
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for
removal of the Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove
the Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory
evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S.
counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required
to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act.
2.7
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a
Registered Global Note of the same type at any time.
2.8
Definitions
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
Distribution Compliance Period means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of
the distribution of each Tranche of Notes, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a
non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in the case of a syndicated issue);
Legended Note means Registered Notes whether in definitive form or represented by a Rule
144A Global Note sold to QIBs in private transactions exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act which bear a legend specifying certain restrictions on
transfer (a Legend);
QIB means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A;
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act;
Regulation S Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes initially sold
outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S;
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act;
Rule 144A Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes initially sold in
the United States and to U.S. persons to persons that are QIBs;
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and

--- Page 82 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
82
U.S. person has the meaning specified in Regulation S.
3.
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES AND THE SUBORDINATED NOTES
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated
Notes and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, the applicable subordination provisions.
3.1
Status of the Senior Notes
The Senior Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari
passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by
mandatory provisions of law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.
3.2
Status of Subordination Notes
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes that specify their status as Subordinated) and the
Coupons relating to them constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and
rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. In the event of the insolvency
(bankruptcy (faillissement)), moratorium (surseance van betaling), dissolution (ontbinding)
or liquidation (vereffening) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under or in
respect of the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons relating to them, shall rank in right of
payment after unsubordinated unsecured creditors of the Issuer, and any set-off by holders of
a Subordinated Note shall be excluded until all obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis its
unsubordinated unsecured creditors have been satisfied, but at least pari passu with all other
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to
the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes, and in priority to
the claims of shareholders of the Issuer.
4.
NEGATIVE PLEDGE – Senior Notes
4.1
Negative pledge – Senior Notes
So long as any Senior Note or Coupon relating to it remains outstanding (as that term is
defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its
Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Encumbrance (other than a Permitted
Encumbrance) upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking or assets
(including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, or any guarantee or
indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, without at the same time or prior thereto
granting to the holders of any Senior Note or Coupon relating to it the same security as is
created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, or guarantee or indemnity in
respect of such Relevant Indebtedness, or such other security as may be approved by an
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the holders of Senior
Notes.
4.2
Definitions
In this Condition:
Encumbrance means any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest;

--- Page 83 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
83
Permitted Encumbrance means an Encumbrance (i) over the whole or any part of the Issuer
or its Subsidiaries' receivables, undertaking or assets, present or future, pursuant to any
securitisation, asset-backed financing or other similar financing transaction or (ii) on the
undertaking or assets of a company acquired by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries after the
relevant Issue Date, provided in the event of (ii) that (a) such Encumbrance was not created
in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, (b) the amounts secured by such
Encumbrance have not been increased in contemplation of or in connection with such
acquisition, and (c) the Encumbrance has not been extended to any additional undertakings,
assets or revenues in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition;
Relevant Indebtedness means any indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or
evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time
being are, or are intended to be or capable of being, quoted, listed, or dealt in or traded on
any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market, having an original
maturity of more than one year from its date of issue; and
Subsidiary means an entity of which a person has direct or indirect control or owns directly
or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of ownership (and
the term Subsidiaries shall be construed accordingly) and control for this purpose means the
power to direct the management and the policies of the entity whether through the ownership
of voting capital, by contract or otherwise.
5.
INTEREST
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating
Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes.
5.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
This Condition 5.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contain
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in
conjunction with this Condition 5.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is
calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the
Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the
Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation
Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date.
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final
Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or
first) Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 84 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
84
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in
respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(a)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii)
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of
(A) the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered
Notes (or, in each case, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up);
or
(b)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the
Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken
Amount, as applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes
which are Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed
Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of
such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in
accordance with this Condition 5.1:
(a)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(i)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date
(the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period
during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual
Period divided by the product of (A) the number of days in such
Determination Period and (B) the number of Determination Dates (as
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar
year; or
(ii)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(A)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period
and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one
calendar year; and

--- Page 85 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
85
(B)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and
(b)
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such
number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day
months) divided by 360.
(c)
In these Conditions:
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination
Date to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the
Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a
Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to,
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and,
with respect to euro, one cent.
5.2
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(a)
Interest Payment Dates
This Condition 5.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in
conjunction with this Condition 5.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is
calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any
Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date,
the Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA
Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party
who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Principal Paying Agent, the
Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also
specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms
will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant
Screen Page.
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final
Terms; or
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment
Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding

--- Page 86 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
86
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the
Interest Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment
Date.
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:
(A)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition
5.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month
and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y)
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest Payment
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (2)
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date
occurred; or
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(C)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall
into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or
(D)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both:
(i)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign
currency deposits) in Amsterdam and each Additional Business Centre specified in
the applicable Final Terms; and
(ii)
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any
sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor or
replacement for that system (the TARGET2 System) is open.

--- Page 87 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
87
(b)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable,
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or the
Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the
ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an
agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified
in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate
Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first
Tranche of the Notes (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which:
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(B)
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable
Final Terms; and
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent,
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest
shall be deemed to be zero.
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
(a)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place,
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00
a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or

--- Page 88 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
88
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as
applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as
applicable for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as
provided above) of such offered quotations.
(b)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (ii)(a)(A)
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page,
or, if sub-paragraph (ii)(a)(B) applies and fewer than three such offered
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time
specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall
request if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of
each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00
a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall
be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the
Calculation Agent; and
(c)
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more
of them, at which such banks were offered if the Reference Rate is
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank
market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate
is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the Rate of
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the

--- Page 89 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
89
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last
preceding Interest Accrual Period).
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period,
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period,
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount
of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii)
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of
(A) the Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes (or, in
each case, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the
Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable
in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in
accordance with this Condition 5.2:
(i)
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and
(B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a
non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 90 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
90
(iii)
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days
in the Interest Period divided by 360;
(v)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms,
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula
basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period
falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the
last day of the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the
Interest Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis
as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period
falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the
last day of the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the
Interest Period falls;

--- Page 91 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
91
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2
will be 30;
(vii)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period
falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the
last day of the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the
Interest Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless
(A) that day is the last day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which
case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day
included in the Interest Period, unless (A) that day is the last day of February but not
the Maturity Date or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
(e)
Linear interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest
Period provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter
or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent,
as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it
determines appropriate.

--- Page 92 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
92
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time
designated in the Reference Rate.
(f)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any
stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their
determination but in no event later than the fourth Amsterdam Business Day thereafter. Each
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will
promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are
for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. For the
purposes of this paragraph, the expression Amsterdam Business Day means a day (other
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for
general business in Amsterdam.
(g)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this
Condition 5.2, whether by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation
Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents
and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no
liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal
Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, in connection with the exercise or
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.
(h)
Replacement Reference Rate
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5.2, if the Calculation Agent or the
Issuer (in consultation with each other), determines at any time that a Benchmark Event (as
defined below) has occurred in relation to certain Notes, the Issuer will, as soon as
reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next Interest Determination Date),
appoint a Rate Determination Agent (as defined below), which will in respect of such Notes
determine, acting in good faith and in consultation with the Issuer (and in consultation with
the Independent Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer), whether a substitute,
alternative or successor rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest in respect of
each Interest Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate (x) has been recommended or selected by the
monetary authority or similar authority (or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the
applicable currency, or a widely recognised industry association or body, (y) has developed
or is expected to develop as an industry accepted rate for debt market instruments such as or
comparable to the relevant Notes or (z) is otherwise available and deemed appropriate for the
relevant Notes.
If the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer, the Issuer shall, acting in good faith and in a
commercially reasonable manner and as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior
to determining a Replacement Reference Rate (as defined below) in accordance with this

--- Page 93 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
93
Condition 5.2, appoint an Independent Adviser in respect of such Replacement Reference
Rate.
If the Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute, alternative or successor rate is
available (such rate as determined by the Rate Determination Agent, the Replacement
Reference Rate), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest on each Interest
Determination Date falling at least five business days after such determination, (A) the Rate
Determination Agent will in consultation with the Issuer (and in consultation with the
Independent Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer) determine any necessary
changes to the Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest
Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, the Relevant Screen Page and any method for
calculating the Replacement Reference Rate, including any Adjustment Spread (as defined
below) or other adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate
comparable to the Reference Rate (in each case in a manner that is consistent with
industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate); (B) references to the
Reference Rate in these Conditions applicable to the relevant Floating Rate Notes will be
deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any
alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) above (including the
Adjustment Spread); (C) the Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing
as soon as reasonably practicable; and (D) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably
practicable to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 14) and the Principal Paying
Agent and the Calculation Agent (if not the same party) specifying the Replacement
Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (A) above and the effective date thereof.
The Issuer may, without consent of any or all Noteholders, make any amendments to these
Conditions in relation to the relevant Notes that are necessary to ensure the proper operation
of the foregoing.
There is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread or other adjustment factor will be
determined or applied, or that the application of such factor will either reduce or eliminate
economic prejudice to Noteholders.
For the avoidance of doubt if a Replacement Reference Rate is determined by the Rate
Determination Agent in accordance with this Condition 5.2(h), this Replacement Reference
Rate will be applied to all relevant future payments on the relevant Notes, subject to this
Condition 5.2(h). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.2 may be (re-)applied if a
Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the Replacement Reference Rate.
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above
by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error, bad faith or fraud) be
final and binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if not the
same party), the Noteholders and no liability to any such person will attach to the Rate
Determination Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers,
duties and discretions for such purposes. If the Rate Determination Agent is unable to or
otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate, then the Reference Rate (as
specified in the applicable Final Terms) or Screen Rate will remain in effect (but subject to
the other provisions of Condition 5.2) in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date,
and any subsequent Interest Determination Dates will remain subject to the operation of the
provisions of this Condition 5.2(h). In such circumstances, the Issuer will, at any time
thereafter, re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5.2(h), mutatis mutandis, on one or more
occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate has been determined and notified in
accordance with this Condition 5.2(h) (and, until such determination and notification (if any),
the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions will continue to
apply), unless the Issuer is of the reasonable view (acting in good faith) that re-application is
not (yet) appropriate.

--- Page 94 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
94
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent or approval of any Noteholder shall be required in
relation to the Replacement Reference Rate and such other changes made pursuant to this
Condition 5.2(h) and the Noteholder shall be bound to any such changes.
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(h):
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate
Determination Agent, and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the
Replacement Reference Rate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders
as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate
and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with
the Replacement Reference Rate by any competent authority, any working group in
the jurisdiction of the applicable currency sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such
reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) any widely
recognised industry association or body; or (if no such recommendation has been
made);
(ii)
the Rate Determination Agent determines, following consultation with the Issuer and
acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for
debt market instruments such as or comparable to the Notes or for over-the-counter
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been
replaced by the Replacement Reference Rate; or (if the Rate Determination Agent
determines that no such industry accepted standard is recognised or acknowledged);
(iii)
the Rate Determination Agent, in its discretion and acting in good faith, determines
to be appropriate.
Benchmark Event means:
(i)
the Reference Rate ceasing to be representative or an industry accepted rate for debt
market instruments (as determined by the Rate Determination Agent or if not yet
appointed, the Issuer, and acting in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner)
such as, or comparable to, the Notes; or
(ii)
it has, or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become unlawful or
otherwise prohibited (including, without limitation, for the Calculation Agent)
pursuant to any law, regulation or instruction from a competent authority, to calculate
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the
Reference Rate or otherwise make use of the Reference Rate with respect to the
Notes; or
(iii)
the Reference Rate will be changed materially, ceasing to be published for a period
of at least five Business Days or ceasing to exist; or
(iv)
the making of a public statement is made by the administrator of the Reference Rate
or its supervisor announcing that the Reference Rate will, by a specified date within

--- Page 95 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
95
the following six months, be materially changed, no longer be representative, cease
to be published, be discontinued or be prohibited from being used or that its use will
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences that contributors are no longer
required by that supervisor to contribute input data to the administrator for purposes
of the Reference Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, in case the specified date lies
more than six months after the date the public statement is made, this event will be
deemed to occur as of the date such specified date lies within the following six
months); or
(v)
the making of a public statement is made by the administrator of the Reference Rate
or its supervisor announcing that the Reference Rate will be materially changed, will
no longer be representative, will cease to be published, will be discontinued or will
be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse
consequences or that the supervisor no longer requires contributors to contribute
input data to the administrator for purposes of the Reference Rate.
Provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of
sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) (iv) and (v) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the
Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the
Reference Rate, as the case may be, and (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (i) above, on the
date with effect from which the Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative or an industry accepted rate for debt
market interests (as determined by the Rate Determination Agent or if not yet appointed, the
Issuer, and acting in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner) such as, or comparable
to, the Notes and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not
the date of the relevant public statement.
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise as reasonably determined by the
Rate Determination Agent in its sole discretion.
Rate Determination Agent means (i) an independent third party (acting in good faith and in
a commercially reasonable manner) appointed by the Issuer, using commercially best efforts,
or (ii) if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint such third party, the Issuer (acting in good
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), to determine the Replacement Reference
Rate in accordance with this Condition 5.2 and in conjunction with an Independent Adviser
(as applicable).
5.3
Accrual of interest
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue
until whichever is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of
such Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the
case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in
accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 96 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
96
6.
PAYMENTS
6.1
Method of payment
Subject as provided below:
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer
to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney
and Auckland, respectively); and
(b)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable
thereto in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents
are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.
6.2
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below)
be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer
Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as
provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein,
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its
possessions)).
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined
below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining
thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from
the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the
expiry of five years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition
9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become
due, but in no event thereafter.
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no
further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof.

--- Page 97 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
97
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange
for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate
Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note
shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of
such Note.
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date,
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only
against surrender of the relevant definitive Note.
6.3
Payments in respect of Global Notes
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global
Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above
in relation to definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant
Global Note, where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such
Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record
of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of
interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was
presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.
6.4
Payments in respect of Registered Notes
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of
the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such
payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the
holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (a) where in
global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear
and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (b)
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of
the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence,
if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the principal amount of the Notes
held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other
Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency
drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, Designated Account
means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non resident of
Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and
identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a
Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of
such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in
euro) any bank which processes payments in euro.

--- Page 98 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
98
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will
be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by
uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is
located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (a) where in global form, at the
close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream,
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (b) where in definitive
form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a
business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date) at his address shown in the
Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified
office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office
of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a
Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner
provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to
relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered Notes
which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as
the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due
in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final instalment of principal will be
made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note.
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque
posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost
in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in
respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes.
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to
such beneficial ownership interests.
6.5
General provisions applicable to payments
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect
of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or
to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the
persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial
holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look
solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of
each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of
principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a
Paying Agent in the United States if:
(a)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of
the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided
above when due;

--- Page 99 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
99
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in
U.S. dollars; and
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.
6.6
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day
in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of
such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9)
is:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign
currency deposits) in:
(i)
the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation;
(ii)
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms;
and
(b)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively), or (2) in relation to
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.
6.7
Interpretation of principal and interest
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to
include, as applicable:
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under
Condition 8;
(b)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(c)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(d)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;
(e)
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in
Condition 7.6); and
(f)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by
the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 100 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
100
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include,
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under
Condition 8.
7.
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE
7.1
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will
be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable
Final Terms.
7.2
Redemption for tax reasons
Subject to Condition 7.5, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but
not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice
shall be irrevocable), if:
(a)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8) or any change in the application or official
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche
of the Notes; and
(b)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available
to it,
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a
payment in respect of the Notes then due.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer
shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the
Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two Directors (bestuurders) of the Issuer stating that
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an
opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change
or amendment.
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption
Amount referred to in Condition 7.5 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to
(but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 101 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
101
7.3
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call, Issuer Refinancing Call and
Make-Whole Redemption Call)
(A)
Issuer Call
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only
of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the
Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall
be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur
and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have
been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption
Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed.
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes)
will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected
individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the
rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal
amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a
list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with
Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.
(B)
Issuer Refinancing Call
If Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), at any
time, or from time to time, on or after the date specified in the applicable Final Terms (being
any specified amount of months prior to the Maturity Date of the Notes) redeem all or some
only of the Notes then outstanding on such redemption date (the Refinancing Repurchase
Date) at their nominal amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but
excluding) the Refinancing Repurchase Date.
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the
Refinancing Repurchase Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions
shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not
occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not

--- Page 102 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
102
have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Refinancing
Repurchase Date, or by the Refinancing Repurchase Date so delayed.
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 7.3(A) shall
apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 7.3(B).
(C)
Make-Whole Redemption Call
If Make-Whole Redemption Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may,
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such
date, a Make-Whole Redemption Date) redeem all or some only of the Notes then
outstanding at any time prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-Whole
Redemption Amount. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be
subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the
Issuer's discretion, the Make-Whole Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any
or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the
Make-Whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-Whole Redemption Date so delayed.
Calculation Date means the third Business Day prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date.
Make-Whole Redemption Amount means the sum of:
(i)
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and
interest on such Notes to maturity or, if Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the
applicable Final Terms, to the first date on which such the Issuer Refinancing Call
may be exercised (excluding any interest accruing on the Notes to, but excluding, the
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) whereby such remaining scheduled
payments of principal and interest shall be discounted to the relevant Make-whole
Redemption Date on either an annual, a semi-annual or quarterly basis (as specified
in the applicable Final Terms) at the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a
Make-whole Redemption Margin; and
(ii)
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole
Redemption Date,
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the
Quotation Agent to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and such other parties as may be
specified in the Final Terms.
Make-Whole Redemption Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable
Final Terms.
Make-Whole Redemption Rate means the average of the four quotations, or such other
number of quotations specified in the Final Terms, given by the Reference Dealers of the
mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third Business Day preceding
the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time (CET)) (Reference
Dealer Quotation).

--- Page 103 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
103
Quotation Agent means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial
services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-Whole
Redemption Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in the applicable
Final Terms.
Reference Dealers means each of the four banks, or such other number of banks, as
specified in the applicable Final Terms, selected by the Quotation Agent, which are primary
European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in
pricing corporate bond issues.
Reference Security means the security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a
Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the
Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-Whole
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in
accordance with Condition 14.
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the
Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining
term of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of
each determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest
error) be final and binding upon all parties.
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 7.3(A) shall
apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 7.3(C).
(D)
Issuer Clean-up Call
If Issuer Clean-up Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, the
outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is equal to or less than the percentage
specified in the applicable Final Terms of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued,
the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum
period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with
Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for
redemption (the Clean-up Call Date)) redeem all of the Notes then outstanding on the
Clean-up Call Date at the Clean-up Call Redemption Amount specified in the applicable
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Clean-up
Call Date.
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the
Clean-up Call Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be
satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur
and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have
been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Clean-up Call Date, or by
the Clean-up Call Date so delayed.
(E)
Issuer Transaction Trigger Call

--- Page 104 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
104
If Issuer Transaction Trigger Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may,
upon giving a Transaction Trigger Notice in accordance with the requirements set out below
and in accordance with this Condition 7.3(E), redeem all or some only of the Notes then
outstanding with effect on the Trigger Call Redemption Date. If the Issuer exercises this
right, the Issuer shall redeem each Note to be redeemed at the Transaction Trigger
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the Trigger Call Redemption Date on
the Trigger Call Redemption Date.
Transaction means the transaction in respect of which the Notes are issued and specified in
the applicable Final Terms.
Transaction Trigger Notice means a notice to the Noteholders given in accordance with this
Condition 7.3(E) and Condition 14 within the Transaction Notice Period that the Transaction
has been terminated prior to its completion or that the Transaction will not be settled for any
reason whatsoever or that the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the
Transaction. The Transaction Trigger Notice shall also specify the Trigger Call Redemption
Date.
At any time the Issuer may waive its right to call the Notes for redemption following the
occurrence of one of the events detailed above, by giving notice in accordance with
Condition 14. Once given, however, the Transaction Trigger Notice shall be irrevocable and
shall specify:
(a)
the series of Notes subject to redemption;
(b)
whether the Notes will be redeemed in whole or in part and, if only in part, the
aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed;
(c)
the Trigger Call Redemption Date; and
(d)
the Transaction Trigger Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be
redeemed.
Transaction Notice Period means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Transaction Trigger Redemption Amount means the amount per Note specified in the
applicable Final Terms.
Trigger Call Redemption Date means the redemption date specified in the Transaction
Trigger Notice which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days after the date of
the Transaction Trigger Notice.
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the
Trigger Call Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions
shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not
occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not
have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Trigger Call
Redemption Date, or by the Trigger Call Redemption Date so delayed.
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 7.3(A) shall
apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 7.3(E).

--- Page 105 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
105
7.4
Redemption of Notes at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)
This Condition 7.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity
Date at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put. The
applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in
conjunction with this Condition 7.4 for full information on any Investor Put. In particular, the
applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional
Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods.
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder
of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the minimum
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms,
the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.
Registered Notes may be redeemed under this Condition 7.4 in any multiple of their lowest
Specified Denomination. It may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain
conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will
be set out in the applicable Final Terms.
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, to
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note its holder must deliver at the specified
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of
Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the
case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly signed and completed
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified
office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the
principal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full principal amount of the
Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered
Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2. If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the
Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent
concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or
under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require
redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to
the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his
instruction by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time.
Any Put Notice or any other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this
Condition 7.4 shall be irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event
of Default has occurred and be continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect
by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.4 and instead
to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10.

--- Page 106 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
106
7.5
Redemption of Notes on Change of Control (Change of Control Put)
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on
the occurrence of a Put Event (as defined below), each Noteholder will have the option
(unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice
to redeem the Notes under Conditions 7.2 or 7.3) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the
Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) its Note(s) on the Optional Redemption
Date (as defined below) at its principal amount together with (or, where purchased, together
with an amount equal to) interest accrued to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date
(the Change of Control Put).
A Put Event is deemed to have occurred if a Change of Control (as defined below) occurs
and a Rating Downgrade (as defined below) occurs in respect of such Change of Control
within the Change of Control Period.
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give
notice (a Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying
the nature of the Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedures for
exercising the Change of Control Put.
To exercise the Change of Control Put, the holder of a Note must deliver such Note to any
Paying Agent on a Business Day (as defined in Condition 5.2) during the Put Period (as
defined below), together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for
the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of a Paying Agent (a Put Notice)
in which the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this
Condition 7.5. The relevant Paying Agent will issue to that Noteholder a non-transferable
receipt (a Receipt) in respect of the Notes so delivered, and make payment to the bank
account specified in the relevant Put Notice or, if no account was specified, by cheque on or
after the Optional Redemption Date against presentation and surrender of the Receipt at its
specified office. A Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable.
For the purposes of this Condition 7.5:
a Change of Control is deemed to have occurred if any person or persons acting in concert
(the Relevant Person) or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such Relevant
Person, at any time, directly or indirectly, acquire(s) or come(s) to own such number of the
shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights
normally exercisable at a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer, in each case, whether
or not such acquisition or ownership is approved by the executive board of Randstad (raad
van bestuur) or the supervisory board of Randstad (raad van commissarissen), except to the
extent that any such Relevant Person is a Reference Shareholder;
Change of Control Period means a period of 180 days commencing on the day on which a
Change of Control occurs;
Investment Grade Rating means a rating equivalent to or better than:
(a)
BBB-, in the case of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. or any of its affiliates (Fitch);
(b)
Baa3, in the case of Moody's Service España S.A. or any of its affiliates (Moody's);
or

--- Page 107 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
107
(c)
BBB-, in the case of S&P Global Rating Europe Limited or any of its affiliates
(S&P),
and in the case of any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from
time to time by the Issuer, a rating equivalent to the ratings specified in subparagraphs (a) to
(c) above;
Optional Redemption Date means the seventh day after the last day of the Put Period;
Put Period means a period of 45 days after the day on which a Put Event Notice was given
by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14;
Rating Agency means Fitch, Moody's or S&P and their respective successors, or any other
rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer;
a Rating Downgrade is deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if:
(a)
any rating previously assigned to the Issuer or any Notes by any Rating Agency is:
(i)
withdrawn;
(ii)
changed from an Investment Grade Rating to a rating that is lower than an
Investment Grade Rating; or
(iii)
(where the rating assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency prior to the
occurrence of the Change of Control is below Investment Grade Rating)
lowered by one full rating category (from BB+ to BB in the case of S&P or
Fitch, or from Ba1 to Ba2 in the case of Moody's, or such similarly lower or
equivalent rating); or
(b)
at the time of the Change of Control, no rating has been assigned to the Notes or the
Issuer, and no Rating Agency assigns an Investment Grade Rating to the Notes or the
Issuer before the end of the Change of Control Period (unless the Issuer, having used
all reasonable endeavours is unable to obtain such a rating within the Change of
Control Period),
provided that a Rating Downgrade shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a
Change of Control if the Rating Agency withdrawing the rating or declining to assign an
Investment Grade Rating to the Notes does not announce, publicly confirm or otherwise
inform the Issuer that its withdrawal of the rating or declining to assign an Investment Grade
Rating was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or
arising as a result of, or in respect of, the Change of Control; and
Reference Shareholders means any person which, as at 28 February 2023, directly or
indirectly owns 25% or more of the issued share capital of the Issuer as disclosed in the base
prospectus dated 28 February 2023 in respect of the Issuer's Euro Medium Term Note
Programme.
7.6
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10, each Note will be redeemed at its
Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows:

--- Page 108 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
108
(a)
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the
Final Redemption Amount thereof;
(b)
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption
Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the Early
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or
manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or
(c)
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount)
calculated in accordance with the following formula:
where:
RP means the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms;
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal specified in the applicable Final
Terms; and
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each)
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii)
Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii)
Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).
7.7
Purchases
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the
case of Definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held,
re-issued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the
Registrar for cancellation.
The Notes so purchased shall not entitle the holder of such Notes to vote at any meetings of
the Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating
quorums at meetings of the Noteholders.
7.8
Cancellation
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All
Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.7 above

--- Page 109 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
109
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to
the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.
7.9
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4 above or upon its becoming due and
repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in
Condition (c) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or
the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by
references to the date which is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been
paid; and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the
Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance
with Condition 14.
8.
TAXATION
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders
of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of
the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction;
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:
(a)
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than
the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or
(b)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below)
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day
to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6); or
(c)
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021) as amended, on payments due
to a holder of any Note or Coupon affiliated to the Issuer (within the meaning of the
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 as at the date of this Base Prospectus); or
(d)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid
such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another
Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union.
As used herein:

--- Page 110 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
110
(i)
Tax Jurisdiction means the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority
thereof or therein having power to tax; and
(ii)
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with
Condition 14.
9.
PRESCRIPTION
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless
claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of five years (in the
case of both principal and interest) after the date on which the relevant payment first became
due.
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or
Condition 6.2 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2.
10.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
10.1
Senior Notes
In the case of Senior Notes only, if any one or more of the following events (each an Event
of Default) shall occur and is continuing:
(a)
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or
interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a
period of 7 days (in the case of principal) or 14 days (in the case of interest); or
(b)
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the
Conditions and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no
such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure
continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the
Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or
(c)
money borrowed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in an amount which
in aggregate exceeds the Relevant Threshold is not paid when due or within any
originally applicable grace period, or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries
fails to honour a guarantee or indemnity in respect of an amount which exceeds the
Relevant Threshold when such guarantee or indemnity is called, provided however
that in each case no Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer
or the relevant Material Subsidiary shall have been allowed not to make such
payment by a competent court; or
(d)
any order is made by any competent court or other authority or resolution passed for
the dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save
for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary
Resolution; or

--- Page 111 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
111
(e)
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry
on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, save for the purposes of
reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, or if
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or
is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall
due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any
applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or
(f)
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency (including moratorium (surseance van
betaling) or bankruptcy (faillissement)), composition, reorganisation or other similar
laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment
of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other
similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its Material
Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to all or substantially all of the
undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of all or
substantially all of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution,
attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in
force against all or substantially all of the undertaking or assets of any of them and
(B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged
within 45 days; or
(g)
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial
proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency (including
moratorium (surseance van betaling) or bankruptcy (faillissement)), composition,
reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the
benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors
generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a
proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class
of its creditors),
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the
Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying
Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall
become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice of any kind.
10.2
Subordinated Notes
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, if any one or more of the following events (each an
Event of Default) shall occur and is continuing:
(a)
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency (including moratorium (surseance van
betaling) or bankruptcy (faillissement)), composition, reorganisation or other similar
laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment
of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other
similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its Material
Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to all or substantially all of the
undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of all or

--- Page 112 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
112
substantially all of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution,
attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in
force against all or substantially all of the undertaking or assets of any of them and
(B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged
within 45 days; or
(b)
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial
proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency (including
moratorium (surseance van betaling) or bankruptcy (faillissement)), composition,
reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the
benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors
generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a
proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class
of its creditors),
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the
Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying
Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall
become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice of any kind.
10.3
Definitions
In this Condition:
Consolidated EBITDA means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the "operating profit"
(such term to be construed in accordance with the consolidated financial statements of the
Issuer excluding any expenses regarding leases which are excluded from the calculation of
such "operating profit" as a result of the application of IFRS 16) of Randstad Group before:
(i)
any exceptional or extraordinary items (including, without limitation, reorganization
and integration costs and expenses) included in operating profit, as disclosed in any
Randstad Group press release and/or the notes to the consolidated financial
statements of the Issuer; and
(ii)
any amount attributable on a consolidated basis to the amortisation and/or
impairment of intangible assets and impairment and/or depreciation of tangible
assets,
provided that, to the extent not included above in calculating the Consolidated EBITDA:
(A)
any member of Randstad Group which became a member of Randstad Group during
any Relevant Period may (if the EBITDA of such person, calculated on the same
basis as Consolidated EBITDA, is positive) or shall (if the EBITDA of such person,
calculated on the same basis as Consolidated EBITDA, is negative) be treated as if it
were a member of Randstad Group from the first day of such Relevant Period; and
(B)
any member of Randstad Group which was disposed of during any Relevant Period
shall (if the EBITDA of such person, calculated on the same basis as Consolidated
EBITDA, is positive) or may (if the EBITDA of such person, calculated on the same
basis as Consolidated EBITDA, is negative) be treated as if it was disposed of from
the first day of such Relevant Period,

--- Page 113 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
113
in each case the EBITDA of such person for such Relevant Period to be determined by the
Issuer, acting reasonably;
Randstad Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 4) for the
time being;
Material Subsidiary means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose aggregate
"operating profit" exceeds 10 per cent. of the Consolidated EBITDA of Randstad Group as
calculated by reference to the then latest financial statements (consolidated or, as the case
may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated financial
statements of Randstad Group, and Material Subsidiaries shall be construed accordingly;
Quarter Date means the last day of the Issuer’s financial year, the last day of the first half of
the Issuer’s financial year and the last day of the first and third financial quarters of the
Issuer’s financial year;
Relevant Period means each period of twelve months ending on a Quarter Date; and
Relevant Threshold means an amount equal to 1% of the total assets (excluding goodwill)
of Randstad Group calculated on a consolidated basis and determined by reference to the
then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer.
11.
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of
such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to
evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes,
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
12.
PAYING AGENTS
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If
any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such
Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or
appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office
through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that:
(a)
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; and
(b)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, or admitted to listing by any
other relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of
Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified
office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant
stock exchange or other relevant authority.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5. Notice of any variation,
termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders
promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 114 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
114
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer
and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders
or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into
which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which
it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent.
13.
EXCHANGE OF TALONS
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for
a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to
(and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which
it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9.
14.
NOTICES
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in
at least one daily newspaper of wide circulation in the Netherlands (which is expected to be
Het Financieele Dagblad) and (b) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in a leading
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be
the Financial Times). The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner
which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the
Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading
including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if
required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the
first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date
of the first publication in all required newspapers.
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of
joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to
have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any
Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice
will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority.
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream,
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication on such websites or in such mailing the
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority. Any such notice shall be
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day after the day on which the
said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Notices to be given by any Noteholders shall be in writing and given by lodging the same,
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the
Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of
Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice
may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or

--- Page 115 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
115
Clearstream, Luxembourg, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg may approve for this purpose.
15.
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if
required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of
the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less
than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business
of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or Coupons (including
modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon,
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the
Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or Coupons), the quorum shall be one
or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons
holding or representing not less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time
being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting
duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting
of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing
signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the
Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents
through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent)
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes
for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary
Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will
be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and
whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders.
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders
or Couponholders, to:
(a)
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased
quorum is required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or
(b)
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply
with mandatory provisions of the law.
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as
soon as practicable thereafter.
16.
FURTHER ISSUES
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the

--- Page 116 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
116
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest
thereon and the date from which interests starts to accrue so that the same shall be
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes.
17.
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER
The Issuer (which for the purpose of this Condition, save where the context requires
otherwise, includes any previous substitute of the Issuer) under this Condition may, and the
Noteholders and the Couponholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the Issuer under
this Condition may, at any time substitute any company (in any country in the world) of
which more than 90 per cent. of the shares or other equity interest in it carrying voting rights
are directly or indirectly held by the Issuer, as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes
(any such company being the Substituted Debtor), provided that:
(a)
such documents shall be executed, and notices be given, by the Substituted Debtor
that the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent may deem reasonably necessary to
give full effect to the substitution pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall
undertake in favour of each Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound by these
Terms and Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as the principal
debtor in respect of the Notes and Coupons in place of the Issuer;
(b)
in accordance with and subject to Condition 8, no taxes or duties shall be required to
be withheld or deducted at source in the jurisdiction where the Substituted Debtor is
incorporated, domiciled or resident;
(c)
all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such
substitution and for the giving by Randstad N.V. of the Guarantee (as defined below)
in respect of the obligations of the Substituted Debtor shall have been obtained and
be in full force and effect;
(d)
Condition 10 shall be deemed to be amended so that it shall also be an Event of
Default under that Condition if the Guarantee shall cease to be valid or binding on or
enforceable against Randstad N.V.; and
(e)
(if the Substituted Debtor is not Randstad N.V.) upon the Notes and Coupons
becoming valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor, Randstad N.V.
undertakes that it will irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee in favour of each
Noteholder and Couponholder the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted
Debtor as such principal debtor (such guarantee of Randstad N.V. to be substantially
in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement and herein referred to as the
Guarantee).
The Substituted Debtor shall forthwith give notice of the substitution to the Noteholders and
the Couponholders in accordance with Condition 14.
18.
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION
18.1
Governing law
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations
arising out of or in connection with any of them are governed by, and shall be construed in
accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands.

--- Page 117 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
117
18.2
Submission to jurisdiction
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that
the courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and
the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or
in connection with any of them) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Amsterdam courts.

--- Page 118 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
118
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate
purposes, which include making a profit, acquisitions and payment of dividend. If, in respect of an
issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 119 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
119
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
GENERAL
RANDSTAD N.V. (Randstad) was incorporated under Dutch law as a public company with limited
liability (naamloze vennootschap) on 29 December 1989. Randstad’s statutory seat is in Amsterdam,
the Netherlands, its registered address being Diemermere 25, 1112 TC Diemen, the Netherlands, with
phone number +31 (0)20 569 5911. Randstad may also have business establishments elsewhere, both
in the Netherlands and abroad. Randstad is registered in the Commercial Register (Handelsregister)
of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) in Amsterdam under number
33216172. Randstad’s articles of association (statuten) were last amended on 18 June 2020 (the
Articles of Association).
Corporate purpose
As stated in article 2 of the Articles of Association, the corporate purpose of Randstad is:
(a)
being the holding company of a group of companies in the HR services business;
(b)
the incorporation, acquisition and conduct of the management of enterprises;
(c)
the acquisition and alienation of interests and including the control as well as the financing
thereof; and
(d)
all activities which, in the widest sense, are directly or indirectly connected with or related to
the attainment of the objectives under (a), (b) and (c) above.
History
The Randstad group of companies (Randstad Group) was founded in 1960 by Mr. F.J.D.
Goldschmeding, who is still the largest shareholder of Randstad. Early in its history, Randstad Group
began to expand abroad. In 1990, Randstad shares were listed on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange. In
1998 and 1999, Randstad’s international network doubled via acquisitions in the Unites States,
Germany and Spain. In 2007, Randstad was present in twenty countries and promoted to the AEX
index. The following year, Randstad joined forces with Vedior to become the second largest HR
services provider worldwide. After several years of expansion and acquisitions in Japan, the United
States and Europe, Randstad became the global leader in the HR services industry in 2019, a position
which it maintains today. By serving as a trusted human partner in today’s technology driven world
of talent, Randstad Group helps people secure rewarding jobs and stay relevant in the ever-changing
world of work.
Randstad is publicly listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ticker symbol RAND.AS), where Randstad’s
shares and options can be traded. Randstad’s shares are also included in a number of other indices,
such as DJSI World, MSCI ESG, FTSE4 Good, Dutch Transparency Benchmark, VBDO's tax
transparency benchmark, the Carbon Disclosure Project, Ecovadis, Sustainalytics and Sedex.
Organisational structure
Randstad is a holding company of a number of operating companies which are engaged in worldwide
HR services. Because the sole purpose of Randstad is to act as holding company within Randstad, the
financial performance of Randstad is dependent upon the success of its operating subsidiaries.

--- Page 120 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
120
Randstad Belgium N.V.
Saint-Denis, France
Oslo, Norway
Randstad Nederland B.V.
Ausy SAS
Randstad Schweiz AG
Issy Les Moulineaux, France
Amsterdam, the Netherlands
North America
Brussels, Belgium
Zurich, Switzerland
Randstad North America LP
Randstad Empleo, Empresa De Trabajo Temporal
S.A.
Atlanta, United States of America
Randstad Professionals US LP
Tempo-Team N.V.
Boston, United States of America
Randstad Intérim Inc.
Sociedad Unipersonal
Montreal, Canada
Yacht Group Nederland B.V.
Monster Worldwide, Inc
Brussels, Belgium
Madrid, Spain
Weston, United States of America
Rest of world
Randstad Recursos Humanos, Empresa de Trabalho
Randstad Argentina S.A.
Randstad Interim S.A.
Rosario, Argentina
Amsterdam, the Netherlands
Randstad Mexico S. de R.L. de CV
Temporario S.A.
Mexico City, Mexico
Amsterdam, the Netherlands
Randstad Brasil Recursos Humanos Ltda
Luxembourg, Luxembourg
Lisbon, Portugal
Sao Paulo, Brazil
Randstad has a two-tier board structure consisting of the Executive Board, which manages
Randstad’s business, and the supervisory board of Randstad (raad van commissarissen) (the
Supervisory Board), which supervises and advises the Executive Board of Randstad. Further
information is included below in "Description of the Issuer – Administrative, Management and
Supervisory Bodies".
Randstad’s significant subsidiaries are listed below. Unless otherwise indicated, the percentage
ownership equals Randstad’s voting rights in the subsidiaries concerned. Randstad holds, directly or
indirectly, a 100% interest in all subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated.
Europe
Randstad Chile S.A.
Randstad UK Holding Ltd
Santiago, Chile
Randstad Pty Ltd.
Randstad Deutschland GmbH & Co KG
Luton, United Kingdom
Sydney, Australia
Randstad (Management) Shanghai Co. Ltd
Randstad Italia SPA
Shanghai, China
Randstad Enterprise B.V.
Randstad India Pvt Ltd
Eschborn, Germany
Milan, Italy
Chennai, India
Randstad KK
Randstad Polska Sp. z o.o.
Tokyo, Japan
Other subsidiaries
Randstad Professionals GmbH & Co KG
Warsaw, Poland
Tempo-Team Group B.V.
Randstad Groep Nederland B.V.
Randstad A/S
Amsterdam, the Netherlands
Amsterdam, the Netherlands
Cologne, Germany
Copenhagen, Denmark
Randstad AB
Randstad SAS
Stockholm, Sweden
Randstad Norway AS

--- Page 121 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
121
Zurich, Switzerland
Randstad Finance GmbH
A list of all subsidiaries has been filed at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce.
Interdependency
The assets of Randstad mainly consist of receivables owed by entities within Randstad Group. The
ongoing business activities of Randstad therefor depend on the ability of its subsidiaries to fulfil their
payment obligations vis-à-vis Randstad or the obligation to assume losses.
Authorised share capital
Randstad’s authorised share capital has four types of shares: Ordinary Shares, Preference A Shares,
Preference B Shares and Preference C Shares (each as defined below).
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorised share capital is EUR 106,000,000 divided into
350,000,000 ordinary shares (nominal value EUR 0.10 per share) (the Ordinary Shares), 106,000
Preference A Shares (nominal value EUR 500 per share) (the Preference A Shares), 30,000,000
Preference B Shares (nominal value EUR 0.10 per share) (the Preference B Shares) and
150,000,000 Preference C Shares (nominal value EUR 0.10 per share) (the Preference C Shares).
The Preference B Shares are divided into six series, numbered B-I up to B-VI, with each series
consisting of 5,000,000 Preference B Shares. The Preference C Shares are divided into two series,
numbered C-I and C-II, with series C-I consisting of 50,000,000 Preference C Shares and series C-II
consisting of 100,000,000 Preference C Shares.
At the date of this Base Prospectus, only Ordinary Shares, Preference B Shares and Preference C
Shares are issued.
Issued share capital; voting rights
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the issued share capital of Randstad consists of approximately
184 million Ordinary Shares, 25.2 million Preference B Shares, 14.6 million Preference C1 Shares
and 35.6 million Preference C2 Shares. Randstad’s Ordinary Shares have equal voting rights (‘one
share, one vote’). As at 31 December 2022, the holders of approximately 95.8% of Ordinary Shares
were able to make unrestricted use of their voting rights. The other 4.2% of Ordinary Shares were
converted into depository receipts. A foundation, Stichting Administratiekantoor Randstad
Optiefonds, holds those shares, in which the attached voting rights are vested. The depository receipts
issued by Stichting Administratiekantoor Randstad Optiefonds are fully exchangeable into Ordinary
Shares, and are held by Stichting Randstad Optiefonds. Randstad Beheer B.V., the private
shareholding company of F.J.D. Goldschmeding, Randstad’s founder, is the sole board member of
Stichting Administratiekantoor Randstad Optiefonds.
The foundation Stichting Administratiekantoor Preferente Aandelen Randstad holds the Preference B
Shares and the Preference C Shares. The voting rights attached to these shares are vested in this
foundation. The board consists of Bas Kortmann, Claartje Bulten and Annelies van der Pauw. The
board members are fully independent of both Randstad’s management and other shareholders.
Depository receipts issued by the foundation are held by, among others, Nationale Nederlanden N.V.,
ASR Nederland N.V., Richmond and Randstad Beheer B.V. The voting rights on the Preference B
and C Shares in the general meeting of shareholders are aligned with the historical capital
contribution. There are 3.6 million voting rights on Preference B Shares and 5.6 million voting rights
on Preference C Shares. At the request of a holder of depository receipts relating to Preference B
Shares or Preference C Shares, the foundation must grant a power of attorney to such holder to allow
that holder to exercise the relevant voting rights.

--- Page 122 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
122
Stichting 
Randstad
Optiefonds
33%
4%
Voting rights
4%
33%
5%
5%
33%
Voting rights
Richmond
6%
6%
Stichting
Administratiekantoor
Preferente 
Aandelen
Randstad
1%
1%
30%
Stichting
Administratiekantoor
Randstad Optiefonds
30%
3%
3%
11%
3%
3%
11%
28 
February
2023
Silchester
5%
Randstad may issue Preference A Shares to a legal entity charged with safeguarding Randstad’s
interests and preventing influences that may threaten its continuity, independence or identity. Holders
of such shares do not have pre-emptive rights. Holders of Preference A Shares are entitled to a
cumulative annual dividend calculated on the basis of the average statutory interest rate plus
surcharge up to a maximum of 3%. In the event of the dissolution of Randstad, the holders of
Preference A Shares will be repaid the amount paid on their shares, as well as any unpaid dividends
due on their Preference A Shares, ahead of other shareholders. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no
such shares have been issued. Resolutions for such an issue would require the approval of the Annual
General Meeting of shareholders. Each Preference A Share will carry the right to cast 5,000 votes in
the general meeting of shareholders.
Major shareholders
Shareholders are obliged to give notice of interests exceeding certain thresholds to the AFM. Almost
all the holdings listed below are a combination of (i) (depository receipts of) Ordinary Shares and (ii)
(depository receipts of) Preference B Shares and/or Preference C Shares. All transactions between
Randstad and holders of at least 10% of total shares are agreed on terms that are customary in the
sector concerned. Please refer to the section on related-party transactions in the annual accounts. Best
practice provision III.6.4 of the Dutch corporate governance code has therefore been observed.
5%
NN Group
6%
31 December
2022
6%
12%
BlackRock Inc.
12%
2%
28 February
2023
N/A
3%
4%
N/A
3%
Agreements with shareholders and related party transactions
Randstad signed a continuity agreement with its founder F.J.D. Goldschmeding through his private
holding company Randstad Beheer which created a future-proof structure, independent of the life and
involvement of individuals. This means Randstad Beheer is committed to Randstad for the long term,
safeguarding the heritage and spirit of F.J.D. Goldschmeding and the values bestowed on Randstad,
now and in the future.
According to its articles of association, the purpose of Randstad Beheer will be to safeguard the
continuity of its shareholding for the longer term, its strategic position and to promote the sustainable
success and development of Randstad. This is in line with the current modus operandi, which has
been followed over the past decades. The long-term involvement of Randstad Beheer is reflected by
31 December
2022
Nominal stake
ASR
5%
5%
F.J.D. Goldschmeding
1%
Nominal stake
1%
33%
Major shareholders

--- Page 123 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
123
its right to nominate one seat on Randstad’s Supervisory Board, provided Randstad Beheer holds a
stake in Randstad of at least 25%.
The agreement also includes an arrangement that ensures a careful consultation process if Randstad
Beheer at some point considers to amend the purpose of its articles of association and if Randstad
Beheer’s voting rights in Randstad are at that point at least 25%. In the event that Randstad Beheer
decides to amend its purpose at the end of that process, Randstad Beheer and Randstad will
reasonably consult on the new situation and the potential reduction of Randstad Beheer's
shareholding in Randstad, and Randstad will assist in such reduction if and when it occurs.
The agreement ensures that, if Randstad Beheer’s voting rights fall below 25% or if it has the
intention to reduce its voting rights to below 25%, Randstad and Randstad Beheer will discuss
potential consequences for Randstad’s governance aimed at safeguarding Randstad's development,
continuity and strategic position in the new share ownership structure.
As far as Randstad is aware, this is the sole arrangement with a shareholder that can limit the transfer
of shares or voting rights.
Expected financing of Randstad’s activities
Randstad’s financing policy aims to secure financing that matches the mid- to long-term financing
requirements of Randstad Group. As at 31 December 2022, Randstad’s leverage ratio (net
debt/12-month EBITDA excluding IFRS 16) was 0.2 (FY 2021: 0.3) and Randstad’s net debt position
is supported by a solid free cash flow of EUR 739 million. Randstad maintains a policy of using
floating interest rates as Randstad believes this adds value for shareholders in the long term, as over
time, floating interest rates are on average significantly lower than fixed interest rates. In addition,
Randstad’s policy of using floating interest rates provides a natural hedge against the development of
operational results, which has historically paid off over time. The table below presents an overview
of Randstad’s committed debt facilities:
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Profile
Randstad Group is the global leader in the HR services industry. By serving as a partner in today's
technology-driven world of talent, Randstad Group helps people secure jobs and stay relevant in the
ever-changing world of work.
Randstad Group has four business lines:
1.
Staffing, which focuses on recruiting candidates for manufacturing, logistics and
administrative jobs. This business line covers temporary staffing, digital staffing, permanent
placements and specialities focusing on specific market segments.
2.
Inhouse, which offers an on-site solution for managing a client’s workforce with specific skill
sets and a fluctuating level of demand, aiming to improve clients’ labor flexibility, retention,
productivity and efficiency.

--- Page 124 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
124
3.
Professionals, which focuses on recruiting experienced professionals and managers with an
academic or equivalent qualification from a wide range of industry backgrounds. This
business line covers contingent and permanent placements, and tech solutions covered under
a statement of work (i.e. advanced technology consultancy, project-based and managed
services, where Randstad takes on responsibility for delivering outcome-based services).
4.
Global businesses, which includes a range of HR services, such as managed services
programs, recruitment process outsourcing, career mobility and outplacement, workforce
consultancy and online talent acquisition.
Randstad Group’s principal markets in terms of revenue are the United States, France, the
Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Belgium/Luxembourg and Spain. In each of these markets, Randstad
Group has a top 3 position in terms of market share.
In 2022, Randstad Group generated revenue of EUR 27.6 billion and had approximately 46,190
corporate employees and around 4,905 branches and Inhouse locations in 39 markets. On average,
Randstad Group employed 662,600 candidates per day, while Randstad placed over 342,700
candidates in permanent positions.
The global HR market
The HR services industry is divided roughly into three main segments: staffing, professionals and
executive search. Randstad Group is primarily active in the first two. The global staffing market is
worth an estimated EUR 275 billion, comprising Randstad Group’s services portfolio of staffing
(including permanent placements), in-house, recruitment process outsourcing (RPO), managed
services programs (MSP), payrolling, outsourcing and outplacement, accounting for around 80% of
Randstad Group’s revenue.
The global professionals market is worth around EUR 173 billion, and accounts for around 20% of
Randstad Group’s revenue. This segment includes permanent and temporary placement of qualified
professionals and talent from a wide range of industry backgrounds, as well as statement of work
(SOW).
Geographic performance

--- Page 125 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
125
Revenue
North America
Italy
in millions of EUR
2,231
5,497
1,978
EBITA
161
4,558
119
Randstad Group operates in 38 countries, which represent around 90% of the global HR services
market.
338
Iberia
1,621
230
1,502
93
83
France
Other European countries
2,515
3,916
2,325
2022
83
3,625
68
198
Rest of World
2021
2,993
196
2,504
128
119
2022
Netherlands
Global Businesses
1,574
3,526
1,235
2021
13
3,413
19
Development in the main geographic markets, 2022
213
Corporate
-
233
-
(172)
(127)
Germany
Total
27,568
2,014
 24,635
1,164
1,895
1,086
The chapter ‘our global presence’ in the 2022 Annual Report (pages 12-13) includes an overview of
Randstad’s performance in these countries in 2022. This chapter of the 2022 Annual Report is for
background information only and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been
scrutinised or approved by the AFM.
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES
Randstad has a two-tier management structure, which means that the management and supervisory
functions are assigned to different corporate bodies, namely the Executive Board and the Supervisory
Board. The Executive Board is responsible for the day-to-day management of Randstad and its
short-term, medium-term and long-term strategy, while the Supervisory Board oversees and advises
the Executive Board.
Executive Board
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Executive Board is composed of the following persons:
Sander van’t Noordende (1963, Dutch), CEO and chairman of the Executive Board

Joined Randstad in 2021

Appointed to the Executive Board in 2022

Current term of office 2022 - 2026
Background
Sander van ’t Noordende holds a degree in Industrial Engineering, specialising in Finance and
Marketing, from Eindhoven University of Technology. He was the Global Chief Executive of the
Products Operating Group at Accenture. He currently is a non-executive director at Micro Focus Ltd
and AECOM, and serves on the board of Out & Equal, the world's largest premier LGBT workplace
equality organisation. Sander was a member of the Supervisory Board from March 2021 until 9
January 2022.
Responsibilities
37
57
Belgium & Luxembourg
1,681
1,600
72
89

--- Page 126 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
126
Sander van ‘t Noordende is responsible for France, Spain and Portugal, as well as Latin America
(Brazil, Argentina, Chile and Uruguay). In addition, he is responsible for Ausy and Business Concept
Development.
Henry Schirmer (1964, German), CFO – will step down as of 28 March 2023

Joined Randstad in 2018

Appointed to the Executive Board in 2018

Current term of office 2022 - 2026
Background
Henry Schirmer obtained a Master's degree in industrial engineering and management. He joined
Unilever in 1990 and gained extensive experience in several international finance roles, most recently
as Executive Vice President Finance of Unilever Europe. He joined Randstad in 2018. He is a
member of the Board of Directors of General American Investors.
Responsibilities
Henry Schirmer is responsible for Global Finance and Accounting, Business Control, M&A, Tax,
Treasury, Business Risk & Audit, Investor Relations, Procurement and Legal.
Karen Fichuk (1965, American) – will step down as of 28 March 2023

Joined Randstad in 2019

Appointed to the Executive Board in 2019

Current term of office 2019 - 2023
Background
Karen Fichuk holds a degree in Finance and Real Estate from Colorado State University. She has 25
years of experience as a commercial and functional leader at The Nielsen Company. Before joining
Randstad, she was President Developed Markets and Strategic Initiatives responsible for North
America, Western Europe and Australia/New Zealand.
Responsibilities
Karen Fichuk is responsible for the US and Canada.
Chris Heutink (1962, Dutch)

Joined Randstad in 1991

Appointed to the Executive Board in 2014

Current term of office 2022 - 2026
Background
Chris Heutink started his career at Randstad as a consultant in the Netherlands. Various management
positions followed until 2009, when he was appointed Managing Director of Randstad Netherlands.
Responsibilities

--- Page 127 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
127
Chris Heutink is responsible for the Netherlands, Germany, Italy, Denmark, Sweden, Norway,
Austria, Switzerland, Poland, Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, Greece and Turkey, as well as
Japan, the Greater China region, India, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore & Malaysia. He is also
responsible for Global HR.
Rebecca Henderson (1963, American) – will step down as of 28 March 2023

Joined Randstad in 2012

Appointed to the Executive Board in 2019

Current term of office 2019 - 2023
Background
Rebecca Henderson brings over 25 years of strategic client experience in both technology and HR
services. She has spent her time at Randstad developing market leading solutions in Recruitment
Process Outsourcing and Managed Services Programs globally delivering added value to enterprise
clients.
Responsibilities
Rebecca Henderson is responsible for Randstad Enterprise Group, the United Kingdom and Ireland.
In addition, she is responsible for Global Businesses: Monster Worldwide, Randstad RiseSmart,
Randstad Sourceright and twago.
Jorge Vazquez (1976, Portuguese) – to be appointed as CFO as of 28 March 2023
Jorge Vazquez is an experienced finance executive, having held finance, strategy and commercial
roles at Randstad Group-level and in local markets since joining in 2011. Over the past 12 years, he
has established himself as the business partner of Randstad’s global operation and trusted advisor to
the Executive Board.
He has served as Director, Group Control within the Finance team, before becoming the Managing
Director of Randstad Brazil where he executed the group business, operational and financial strategy
at local level. In 2018, he became Group Controller and Head of Strategy within the Finance
Leadership Team and held this role for 4 years. In this role, he successfully oversaw financial and
operational performance, including Randstad’s COVID-19 response. He was most recently appointed
to a new position as the Chief Executive for Southern Europe & Latin America.
Before joining Randstad, Jorge held various financial and business management roles at TNT Group.
He holds a joint Master's degree in Business Management and Administration from Columbia
Business School and London Business School.
Myriam Beatove Moreale (1971, Spanish) – to be appointed as of 28 March 2023
Myriam Beatove Moreale is the Chief Human Resources Officer, responsible for increasing
Randstad’s impact by fostering an equitable, purposeful, and caring environment where Randstad’s
46,000 employees across 39 markets are empowered to learn and grow.
She assumed the role in September 2022, having previously spent 13 years at food manufacturer
Cargill where she held a range of senior HR positions, and most recently was the Chief Human
Resources Officer and member of the Corporate Executive Team.

--- Page 128 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
128
She began her career in Finance at Arthur Andersen, before joining ABInbev where she held several
positions in Finance, Corporate Strategy, and later Human Resources. She also serves on the board of
Aliaxis SA, as a member of both the Risk & Audit Committee and People Committee. She holds a
Master's degree in Business Engineering from the University of Liège.
Randstad’s registered address serves as the business address for members of the Executive Board.
There are no potential conflicts between any duties to Randstad, of the members of the Executive
Board and their private interests and/or duties.
Supervisory Board
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Supervisory Board is composed of the following persons:
Wout Dekker (1956, Dutch), chair of the Supervisory Board

Member of the Supervisory Board since 2012

Current term of office 2022 - 2024
Background
Wout Dekker is the former Chairman of the Executive Board and CEO of Nutreco N.V. and the
former Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank. He is a member of the Supervisory Board of
SHV Holdings N.V. and Pon Holdings N.V.
Responsibilities
Wout Dekker is Chair of the Governance & Nomination Committee and a member of the
Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee.
Frank Dorjee (1960, Dutch)

Member of the Supervisory Board since 2014

Current term of office 2022 - 2024
Background
Frank Dorjee was Chief Strategic Officer and member of the Board of Directors of Prysmian Spa
from March 2011 until January 2014. Until its takeover by Prysmian Spa, he was CEO and Chairman
of the Executive Board of Draka Holding N.V. from 2010 to 2011 and its CFO from 2004 until 2009.
He is a member of the Supervisory Board of Koole B.V. and Beacon Rail Lux Holdings S.A.R.L. and
a member of the Board of Directors of YOFC.
Responsibilities
Frank Dorjee is chair of the Audit Committee.
Annet Aris (1958, Dutch)

Member of the Supervisory Board since 2018

Current term of office 2022 - 2026
Background

--- Page 129 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
129
Annet Aris is Senior Affiliate Professor of Strategy at INSEAD, where she teaches courses on digital
transformation and disruption. From 1994-2003, she was a partner at McKinsey & Company in
Germany, and from 2003-2018, she was Adjunct Professor of strategy at INSEAD. She is a member
of the Supervisory Board of ASML N.V., Rabobank Group N.V. and Jungheinrich AG.
Responsibilities
Annet Aris is Chair of the Remuneration Committee.
Hélène Auriol Potier (1962, French)

Member of the Supervisory Board since 2020

Current term of office 2020 - 2024
Background
Until December 2020, Hélène Auriol Potier was Executive Vice President International at Orange
Business Services. Until 2018, she was General Manager of Artificial Intelligence for Microsoft
Europe. In her 10 years’ tenure at Microsoft, she held different executive positions in APAC and
Europe. Earlier in her career, she worked for Dell Inc. and Nortel. Hélène Auriol Potier is a member
of the Board of Directors of Safran SA, ODDO BHF and Mimecast.
Responsibilities
Hélène Auriol Potier is a member of the Governance & Nomination Committee.
Barbara Borra (1960, Italian)

Member of the Supervisory Board since 2015

Current term of office 2019 - 2023
Background
Barbara Borra joined Franke in 2019 as President of the Kitchen Systems Solution and currently is
President and CEO of the Home Solutions Division. Before joining Franke, she was CEO for EMEA
of Fontana Group. Prior to that, she was with Whirlpool for 10 years, serving in different senior
management positions, and more recently as Vice President of its Chinese operations. Before joining
Whirlpool, she held a number of international roles in various countries at Rhodia and General
Electric. She is a member of the Board of Directors of Fluidra SA.
Responsibilities
Barbara Borra is a member of the Remuneration Committee.
Rudy Provoost (1959, Belgian)

Member of the Supervisory Board since 2015

Current term of office 2019 - 2023
Background
Rudy Provoost is the former CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Rexel Group.
Before, he was a member of the Executive Board of Royal Philips and successively CEO of Philips

--- Page 130 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
130
Lighting and CEO of Philips Consumer Electronics. He also held various senior leadership and
international management positions at Whirlpool, Canon, and Procter & Gamble. He is currently the
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Jensen-Group, as well as a member of the Board of Directors
of Elia Group, Pollet Water House and Vlerick Business School.
Responsibilities
Rudy Provoost is a member of the Governance & Nomination Committee.
Randstad’s registered address serves as the business address for members of the Supervisory Board.
All members are independent. They were not granted and do not possess any Randstad options or
shares.
There are no potential conflicts between any duties of the members of the Supervisory Board and
their private interests and/or duties.
Committees of the Supervisory Board
While the Supervisory Board retains overall responsibility for its functions, it assigns some of its
tasks to three committees: the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Governance
and Nomination Committee. Their advice and recommendations support the full Supervisory Board’s
decision-making. The Supervisory Board appoints committee members from within its own board
based on the relevance of their expertise and experience. All Supervisory Board members are in
principle also members of at least one committee. The committees come together at fixed times
during the year, according to a pre-determined schedule and when required. They report directly to
the full Supervisory Board on a regular basis, usually directly following a committee meeting.
The Audit Committee assists the Supervisory Board in fulfilling its supervisory responsibilities for
the integrity of the financial reporting process, the system of internal business controls and risk
management and the external audit process. The committee assesses the audit plan and the scope and
approach of the external auditor, and monitors progress and performance. The relationship with the
external auditor is evaluated annually. Together with the Executive Board, the audit committee
reviews quarterly and full-year financial statements, auditors’ reports and the management letter. The
internal risk and control framework and tax and treasury-related activities are recurring topics. The
audit committee may opt to meet separately with the external auditor to discuss the quality of
financial reporting and cooperation with the financial departments.
The Remuneration Committee reviews and makes recommendations regarding the remuneration
policy for the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board, for adoption by the Annual General
Meeting of shareholders. The approved policy then forms the basis for the fixed and variable
remuneration of the Executive Board. The Remuneration Committee also prepares the annual
remuneration report on Executive Board and Supervisory Board remuneration. After approval by the
Supervisory Board, the report is submitted for an advisory vote of the general meeting of
Shareholders.
The Governance and Nomination Committee reviews and makes recommendations regarding the
Randstad’s corporate governance and leadership structure. The Governance and Nomination
Committee is also tasked with advising on candidates to fill vacancies in the Executive Board and
Supervisory Board, evaluating the performance of both Boards and their members, reviewing
Randstad’s HR strategy and development of senior management, and ensuring long-term succession
planning.
Recent Developments

--- Page 131 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
131
Randstad aims to return additional capital to its shareholders and intends to buy back around EUR
400 million worth of ordinary shares over a period of 17 months, starting end of April 2023 until
September 2024. Further details of the proposed share repurchase program will be announced in due
course.

--- Page 132 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
132
TAXATION
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from
the Notes.
Taxation in the Netherlands
General
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding,
redemption and disposal of the Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all
Dutch tax considerations that may be relevant. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder of Notes may
include an individual or entity who does not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom
nevertheless the Notes or the income thereof is attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on
the basis of such individual or entity having an interest in the Notes or the income thereof. This
summary is intended as general information only and each prospective investor should consult a
professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption
and disposal of the Notes.
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published
policy, in each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and does it not take into
account any developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments
or amendments have retroactive effect.
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for:
(i)
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen);
(ii)
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other
Dutch tax resident entities that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax;
(iii)
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial
interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain
related person holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial
interest in the Issuer arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together
with his or her partner (statutorily defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to
hold (i) an interest of 5% or more of the total issued capital of the Issuer or of 5% or more of
the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or
indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit-sharing rights in the Issuer;
(iv)
persons to whom the Notes and the income therefrom are attributed based on the separated
private assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act
2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001);
(v)
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Sint Maarten and that have an enterprise
which is carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius or Saba and the Notes are attributable to such permanent
establishment or permanent representative; and
(vi)
individuals to whom the Notes or the income therefrom are attributable to employment
activities which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands.

--- Page 133 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
133
Where this summary refers to ‘the Netherlands’ or ‘Dutch’, such reference is restricted to the part of
the Kingdom of the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of
the Kingdom.
Withholding Tax
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may – except in certain very specific cases as
described below – be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature
imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing
authority thereof or therein provided that the Notes do not in fact function as equity of the Issuer
within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, under d of the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969
(Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969).
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated
(gelieerde) entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a
jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and
non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve
rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such
jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main
purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not considered to
be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another
(lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident
anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence
of a participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the
reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on one (or more)
of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to him directly, all within the meaning of the
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).
Corporate and Individual Income Tax
(a)
Residents of the Netherlands
If a holder of Notes is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for
Dutch corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only
subject to Dutch corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable,
income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes are
generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25.8%).
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for
Dutch tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or
disposal of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.50%) under
the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, if:
(i)
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net
worth of an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or
(ii)
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular,
active portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer).
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) above applies to the holder of the Notes, taxable income
with regard to the Notes must be determined on the basis of a deemed return on savings and

--- Page 134 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
134
investments (sparen en beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains
actually realised. This deemed return on savings and investments is fixed at a percentage of ranges
from 0.1% to 6.17% of the individual's yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the
calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual's yield basis exceeds a statutory threshold
(heffingvrij vermogen). The individual's yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain
qualifying assets held by the individual (including Notes) less the fair market value of certain
qualifying liabilities on 1 January (an anti-abuse provision prevents artificial shifting with assets and
liabilities). The individual’s deemed return is calculated by multiplying the individual’s yield basis
with a ‘deemed return percentage’ (effectief rendementspercentage), which percentage depends on
the actual composition of the yield basis (with separate deemed return percentages for savings, debts
and other investments). This is deemed return on savings and investments is taxed at a rate of 32%.
(b)
Non-residents of the Netherlands
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands
for Dutch corporate or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income tax
in respect of income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the
Notes, unless:
(i)
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in
part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the
Netherlands to which permanent establishment or a permanent representative the Notes are
attributable, or (2) is other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an
enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed
in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable.
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25.8%.
(ii)
the person is an individual and such individual (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an
enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a
permanent representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent
representative the Notes are attributable, or (2) realises income or gains with respect to the
Notes that qualify as income from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands, which include
activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio management, or (3) is
(other than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise which is
effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable.
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to
individual income tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.50%. Income derived
from a share in the profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included
under (1) or (2) will be taxed on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (as
described above under "Residents of the Netherlands").
Gift and Inheritance Tax
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Notes by way
of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless:
(a)
the holder of the Notes is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of
the relevant provisions; or
(b)
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at
the time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose
of the relevant provisions.

--- Page 135 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
135
Value Added Tax
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the
Notes or in respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of the Notes.
Other Taxes and Duties
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty, capital tax or any other similar
documentary tax or duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection
with the subscription, issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes.
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)
On 14 February 2012, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal)
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy,
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has
since stated that it will not participate.
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and
subscription of the Notes should, however, be exempt.
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings
in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.
However, the Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised
to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as
FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on
certain payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain
certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for
these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Netherlands) have entered into, or have
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA
(IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions
of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally
not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of
the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments
on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as
the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and
the Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed

--- Page 136 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
136
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal
Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional
Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes,
including Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding
under FATCA.
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their
investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an
IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a
result of the withholding.

--- Page 137 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
137
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 28 February 2023 (such
Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the
Programme Agreement), agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from
time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under
"Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the
Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the
establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme
and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith.
Transfer Restrictions
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes are advised to consult legal counsel
prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes.
Each purchaser of Notes will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows
(terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A Regulation S are used herein as defined
therein):
(a)
that either: (i) it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person or (ii) it is a QIB
purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs
and it is aware that any sale to it may be being made in reliance on Rule 144A;
(b)
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in
the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been
and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State
securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below;
(c)
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and is a person located outside
the United States that is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or
otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the
date which is one year after the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on
which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only (i) to the
Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or
Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (iii) in accordance with Rule 144A that it, and any person
acting on its behalf, reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the
account of one or more QIBs, (iv) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the
Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), or (v) pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable
U.S. State securities laws; it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any
purchaser of the Notes from it of the resale restrictions applicable to such Notes;
(d)
that Notes offered outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S
will either be Bearer Notes or be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes and
Notes initially offered in the United States and to U.S. persons to persons that are QIBs will
be represented by one or more Rule 144A Global Notes;
(e)
that the Registered Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the
following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer:

--- Page 138 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
138
"THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT
AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT (1) IT
IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A")) PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B)
AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE
SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND,
PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST
ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR
AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER
THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) OUTSIDE THE
UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT, (3) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A THAT IT, AND ANY
PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF, REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE
ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS, (4)
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), OR (5) PURSUANT
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT,
IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE U.S. STATE
SECURITIES LAWS; IT WILL, AND WILL REQUIRE EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER
TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THE NOTES FROM IT OF THE RESALE
RESTRICTIONS APPLICABLE TO SUCH NOTES, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE
WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED
STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL
DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM SUCH SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED A
NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND.
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT
OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR
REGISTERED 
ADDRESSES, 
TO 
MODIFY 
THE 
RESTRICTIONS 
ON 
AND
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO
REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR
OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF
THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT
(EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER
HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY
NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).";
(f)
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise
transfer the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40
days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to
the original issuance of the Notes), it will do so only (i)(A) in an offshore transaction in

--- Page 139 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
139
compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) in the case of Registered
Notes only to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB
purchasing for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and (ii) in accordance
with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S
Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the
Issuer:
"THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS
DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN
EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON
THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE
DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE
FORMS PART."; and
(g)
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall
promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or
more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such
account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations
and agreements on behalf of each such account.
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be
issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank
fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes.
Selling Restrictions
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated
thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as
determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated

--- Page 140 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
140
basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons other than pursuant to Rule
144A. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will
be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than
in accordance with Rule 144A or another exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser
of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount
of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$100,000 (or the
approximate equivalent thereof in any other currency). To permit compliance with Rule 144A in
connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 'restricted securities' within the
meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in to furnish, upon the request of a holder of
such Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated
by it, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at
the time of the request, any of the Notes remain outstanding as 'restricted securities' within the
meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a reporting company under
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b)
thereunder.
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in
relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as
amended, MiFID II); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the
Prospectus Regulation); and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented,

--- Page 141 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
141
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in
relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to
the public in that Member State:
A.
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a
Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such
Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in
that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by
final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or
final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of
that Non-exempt Offer;
B.
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus
Regulation;
C.
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
D.
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus
Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision:

the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to
purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and

the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this
provision:
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 142 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
142
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act
2018 (EUWA); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA Financial Services and
Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Base Prospectus
Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an
offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:
A.
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made
other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a Public Offer), following the date of
publication of a Base Prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the
Financial Conduct Authority, provided that any such Base Prospectus has subsequently been
completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and
ending on the dates specified in such Base Prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the
Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer;
B.
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK
Base Prospectus Regulation;
C.
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as
defined in Article 2 of the UK Base Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any
such offer; or
D.
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any
Dealer to publish a Base Prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a Base
Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Base Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision:

the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or
subscribe for the Notes; and

--- Page 143 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
143

the expression UK Base Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that:
(i)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by
the Issuer;
(ii)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(iii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United
Kingdom.
The Netherlands
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest does not become due and payable
during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or spaarbewijzen as defined in the Dutch
Savings Certificates Act or Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) (the SCA) may only be transferred and
accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the intermediary of
either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of
the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). However, no
such intermediary services are required in respect of (i) the initial issue of such Notes to the first
holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a
profession or business, and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are physically issued
outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of primary trading or
immediately thereafter.
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for
a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on
which no interest is due whatsoever.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange
Act of Japan (the FIEA) and each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the
Programme will be required to agree that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to
others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan except pursuant
to an exemption from the registration requirements of or otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and

--- Page 144 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
144
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. As used in this paragraph,
“resident of Japan” means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity
organised under the laws of Japan.
Hong Kong
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will
be required to represent and agree that:
(i)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document,
any Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and
Futures Ordinances (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the Securities and Futures Ordinance)
other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance
and any rules made under that Ordinance or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in
the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong
Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning
of the C(WUMP)O; and
(ii)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue and will not issue or have
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to
“professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules
made under the Securities and Futures Ordinance.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not
offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly,
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA))
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA,
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which
is:
(a)
corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)), the
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 145 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
145
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2 (1) of the SFA)
of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall
not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
(1)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;
(2)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(3)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(4)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(5)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments)
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a Base Prospectus with the Monetary Authority of
Singapore. Accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of Notes may not be circulated or
distributed, nor may Notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription
or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant
person pursuant to Section 275(2), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance
with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Belgium
Other than in respect of Notes for which the “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified
as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an
offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual qualifying as a consumer
(consument/consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law
(Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended from time to time (a
“Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will
not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not
distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.
General
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or
possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or
deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 146 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
146
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Netherlands in
connection with the update of the Programme. The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes
have been duly authorised by a resolution of the executive board and the supervisory board of the
Issuer dated 13 February 2023.
Listing of Notes
Application may be made to Euronext for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing
on Euronext Amsterdam. The listing of the Notes on Euronext Amsterdam will be expressed as a
percentage of their nominal amount (exclusive of accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche
of the Notes which is to be admitted to listing on Euronext Amsterdam will be admitted separately as
and when issued, subject only to the issue of a temporary or permanent Global Note in respect of
each Tranche. Prior to official listing and admission to trading, however, dealings may be permitted
by Euronext in accordance with its rules. Transactions will normally be effected for delivery on the
third working day after the day of the transaction. However, unlisted Notes may also be issued
pursuant to the Programme.
Documents Available
For the period of twelve (12) months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the
following 
documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from
http://www.randstad.com/investor-relations:
(a)
an English translation of the Articles of Association;
(b)
the annual reports of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31
December 2021 (which contain the annual audited consolidated and non-consolidated
financial statements of the Issuer for the relevant financial year), in each case together with
the audit reports prepared in connection therewith;
(c)
the Agency Agreement (which includes the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive
form, the Coupons and the Talons); and
(d)
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final
Terms to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by
reference.
Clearing Systems
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels,
Belgium. The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy,
L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.

--- Page 147 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
147
LEI
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 7245009EAAUUQJ0U4T57.
Conditions for determining price
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
Yield
The yield for any particular Series of Notes will be calculated on the basis of the average annual rate
of return if the relevant Notes were to be purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to
maturity. The yield specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Notes will not be
an indication of future yield.
No significant or material change
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer
and its consolidated subsidiaries (taken as a whole) since 31 December 2022 and there has been no
material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022.
Litigation
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which
are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12
months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or
profitability of the Issuer or Randstad Group.
Auditors
The auditor of the Issuer is Deloitte Accountants B.V. (Deloitte). The relevant auditors who have
signed the auditor’s reports in respect of the Issuer are members of The Netherlands Institute of
Chartered Accountants (NBA). Deloitte has audited the consolidated financial statements and
company financial statements of the Issuer, prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union, and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil
Code for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 and issued independent
auditor’s reports without qualification for each of these years. Deloitte has no material interest in the
Issuer. The business address of Deloitte is Gustav Mahlerlaan 2970, 1081 LA Amsterdam, the
Netherlands.
The auditor’s reports for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 in
respect of the Issuer are included or incorporated in the form and context in which they are included
or incorporated, with the consent of the auditors who have authorised the contents of that part of this
Base Prospectus.
Description of alternative performance measures
This section provides further information relating to alternative performance measures (APMs) for
the purposes of the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) Guidelines on Alternative
Performance Measures (the APM Guidelines). The terms “DSO” and “EBITA” as used by the Issuer
and included in this Base Prospectus can be characterised as APMs. The Issuer believes that these

--- Page 148 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
148
APMs provide useful insights for investors in the performance of the Issuer. As a result, the APMs
are included in this Base Prospectus to allow potential holders of the Notes to better assess the
Issuer’s performance and business and set out below is a further clarification as to the meaning of
each such measure (and any associated terms). The APMs set out in this section have not been
audited.
The DSO means the Days Sales Outstanding and represents the number of days before the Issuer is
able to convert sales into cash (received from the Issuer’s client). In the Annual Report 2021, the
Issuer uses the moving average of the monthly DSO. The Issuer believes this is useful information as
such as DSO is used to measure the Issuer's ability to convert receivables into cash. The average of
the 12 monthly DSO, which are calculated in the following manner on a monthly basis: gross trade
receivables (including VAT) divided over the product of gross revenues of last three months divided
over 91.25. DSO in 2020 averaged on 52.9 days and improved to 51.6 days in 2021.
EBITA means earnings before interest, taxes and amortization and impairment of acquisition-related
intangibles and goodwill and alternatively also referred to as the operating profit before amortization
and impairment of acquisition-related intangible assets and goodwill. The amortization excludes
amortization of software. The Issuer believes this is useful information to evaluate the cash
profitability of a company. It is also used to compare different companies in the staffing industry. The
earnings are corrected for interest, taxes and amortization and impairment of acquisition-related
intangible assets and goodwill. EBITA (in millions of EUR) was 1,086 in 2021 and 1,164 in 2022.
See also the table below:
Dealers transacting with the Issuer
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer
and 
its 
affiliates 
in 
the 
ordinary 
course 
of 
business.

--- Page 149 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
149
ISSUER
ARRANGER
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A.
6, avenue de Provence
75452 Paris Cedex 9
France
HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris
France
ING Bank N.V.
Foppingadreef 7
1102 BD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10
1082 PP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
KBC Bank NV
Havenlaan 2
1080 Brussels
Belgium
Randstad N.V.
Diemermere 25
1112 TC Diemen
The Netherlands
DEALERS
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10
1082 PP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
BNP Paribas
16 boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)
60311 Frankfurt am Main
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 150 ---
0037848-0000405 EUO2: 2002883005.16
150
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10
1082 PP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
TRANSFER AGENT
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10
1082 PP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
REGISTRAR
Société Générale Luxembourg
11, avenue Emile Reuter
L–2420 Luxembourg
(operational center: 28-32 Place de la Gare
L1616 Luxembourg)
Luxembourg
As to Dutch law
Deloitte Accountants B.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 2970
1081 LA Amsterdam
The Netherlands
As to U.S. law
Allen & Overy LLP
Apollolaan 15
1077 AB Amsterdam
The Netherlands
LEGAL ADVISERS
Allen & Overy LLP
One Bishops Square
London E1 6AD
United Kingdom
To the Dealers as to Dutch law
To the Issuer
Clifford Chance LLP
Droogbak 1A
1013 GE Amsterdam
The Netherlands