--- Page 1 ---
10207448632-v36 
- i - 
36-41021300 
 
 
10 NOVEMBER 2021 
  
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
RCI BANQUE 
(incorporated in France as a "société anonyme") 
€23,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €23,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") RCI Banque (the 
"Issuer" or "RCI Banque") may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes", which 
expression shall include Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes (each as defined below)). 
Subject to all applicable laws and regulations, the Notes will not be subject to any minimum or maximum 
maturity. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not 
exceed €23,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein) or such greater 
amount as is agreed between the parties to the programme agreement dated 10 November 2021 (the 
"Programme Agreement" which expression includes the same as it may be updated or supplemented from 
time to time). 
The Notes will be issued to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on a continuing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant 
Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, 
be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus (prospectus de 
base) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This 
Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France as 
competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus received the AMF approval no. 21-
486 on 10 November 2021. 
Application may be made (i) to Euronext Paris during the period of 12 months from the date of the approval 
of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading and/or (ii) to the 
competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such 
Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market (a "Regulated Market") for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("EU MiFID II"). However, Notes may be 
issued pursuant to the Programme which are not listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. The 
relevant final terms in respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms"), a form of which is contained 
herein, will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant 
Regulated Market in the EEA. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-
1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) 
inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central 
depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream") or in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1 (Form,

--- Page 2 ---
10207448632-v36 
- ii - 
36-41021300 
 
 
Denomination and Title), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be 
inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for 
the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed 
in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A 
temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global 
Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global 
Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, 
coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth day after the issue 
date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect 
of Materialised Notes" below) upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully 
described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) 
intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared 
through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a 
clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined above). 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Agent (as defined below) that Notes may be issued in a form 
not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Notes. 
The Issuer is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, rated Baa2 (negative outlook) by Moody's France SAS 
("Moody's") and BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). The Programme 
is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, rated Baa2 in respect of Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of 
more than one year and Prime-2 in respect of Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of one year or less by 
Moody's and BBB- in respect of Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of more than one year and A-3 in 
respect of Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of one year or less by S&P. Senior Non Preferred Notes 
will be rated on a Series by Series basis, if at all.  
Credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by Moody's and S&P, each 
of which is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's and S&P are 
displayed 
on 
the 
list 
of 
registered 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/Listregistered-and-certified-CRAs). Neither Moody's nor S&P are 
established in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings have been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Limited 
and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have 
not withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody's and S&P may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme and, whether or not a rating in relation 
to any Notes will be treated as having been (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.  
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks set out in this Base Prospectus (see Risk Factors 
below), or other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, or offered to the public, 
within the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum denomination shall be €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the Notes). 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS

--- Page 3 ---
10207448632-v36 
- iii - 
36-41021300 
 
 
 
 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
HSBC 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate 
& Investment Banking

--- Page 4 ---
10207448632-v36 
- iv - 
36-41021300 
 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the Final 
Terms in respect of each issue of Notes under the Programme accordingly. To the best of the knowledge 
and belief of the Issuer, the information contained herein is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus must be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Base Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The information on any websites included in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being (a) offered to the public in a Member State (other than 
pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation) and/or 
(b) admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend 
or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of Risk the Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. See "Risk Factors" below. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Issuer 
will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to Information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer and its subsidiaries during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently 
published documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to 
purchase any of the Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements that 
are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and 
growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory 
changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by 
or that include the words "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar 
expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as 
a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to "U.S.$" and "U.S. dollars" are to United States dollars, references to 
"Yen" are to Japanese Yen, references to "£" are to Pounds sterling, references to "euro", "Euro", "EUR" 
or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer, distribution or sale of Notes may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for 
twelve (12) months after its approval by the AMF, until 10 November 2022, provided that it shall be 
supplemented pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a

--- Page 5 ---
10207448632-v36 
- v - 
36-41021300 
 
 
significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect 
the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 February 
2018, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration such determination; 
however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made by all relevant Dealers in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the EU MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials”), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined 
above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors, the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of

--- Page 6 ---
10207448632-v36 
- vi - 
36-41021300 
 
 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 7 ---
10207448632-v36 
 
36-41021300 
 
CONTENTS  
 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 9 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS ......................................................................................................... 32 
CONSENT TO USE OF BASE PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................ 34 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 36 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................... 42 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 43 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ..... 92 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 93 
DESCRIPTION OF RCI BANQUE AND THE RCI BANQUE GROUP ................................................. 94 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A 
DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN EUR 100,000 ................................................................................ 104 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A 
DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST EUR 100,000 .................................................................................. 123 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE ....................................................... 126 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION ..................................................................................... 129 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES ................................................................. 131 
DISTRIBUTION ...................................................................................................................................... 132 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 138 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 144 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PROSPECTUS .......................................................................... 148

--- Page 8 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency, subject 
as set out herein. An overview of the terms and conditions of the Programme and the Notes appears below. 
The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) prior to the 
issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 42 to 90 of 
this Base Prospectus, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
The following does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). 
Issuer: 
RCI Banque SA 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
 
 
Pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement (as defined in "Subscription 
and Sale" below) the appointment of any Dealer may be terminated or further 
Dealers appointed for a particular Tranche of Notes or as Dealers under the 
Programme. 
 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency or distributed in a jurisdiction in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and Sale" below).  
Fiscal Agent and 
Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch  
Programme Size: 
Up to €23,000,000,000 aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time (or the equivalent in other currencies calculated as set out below). The 
amount of the Programme may be increased in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Method of Issue: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each case 
on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. Notes may be offered to retail and 
institutionalised investors. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different 
issue dates with no minimum issue size. The specific terms of each Tranche 
(which will be supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental terms and 
conditions set out in a Supplement and, save in respect of the issue date, issue

--- Page 9 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
 
price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the 
final terms to this Base Prospectus (the "Final Terms"). 
Redenomination: 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which participates 
in European Monetary Union may be redenominated into euro pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 5 (Redenomination) below. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a premium over, or a discount 
to, their nominal amount and either on a fully-paid or partly-paid basis.  
Offer Price: 
If, as at the date of the Final Terms for a particular offer of Notes, the Offer 
Price cannot be determined, a description of the method of determining such 
Offer Price and the process for its disclosure will be included in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued as Dematerialised Notes or Materialised Notes. 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Article 
L.211-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions 
en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs 
pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be 
issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either (i) in bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed as from the issue date 
in the books of Euroclear France which shall credit the accounts of Account 
Holders including Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System 
("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream"), or (ii) in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, 
in such case, at the option of the relevant Noteholders in either administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account 
Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in 
the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent 
designated in the relevant Final Terms acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Registration Agent"). 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. A Temporary 
Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Notes.  Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for 
Definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest 
attached on a date expected to be on or after the 40th calendar day after the issue 
date of the Notes (subject to postponement) upon certification as to non-US 
beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be 
cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date 
with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in 
the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other 
than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a

--- Page 10 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
 
clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.  Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
No Set-Off: 
Subject to applicable law, no holder of Notes and no holder of Coupons related 
thereto may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or 
retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or 
arising under or in connection with, the Notes or Coupons relating thereto and 
each holder of Notes or Coupons related thereto shall, by virtue of its holding, 
be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, 
in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other 
clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
No later than one Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable relating to such Tranche shall be 
deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any 
other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided 
that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Currencies: 
Subject to all applicable laws and rules, the Notes can be issued in any currency 
as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity. 
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note admitted to trading on a regulated market, or offered to the public, in a 
Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation will be €1,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant currency specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only. 
Fixed Interest Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate set separately for each Series as 
follows:

--- Page 11 ---
4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2000 or, as the case may be, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., or the relevant FBF (Fédération 
Bancaire Française) definitions incorporated among others in the 
Additifs Techniques to the FBF Master-Agreement relating to  
transactions on forward financial instruments, or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of 
a commercial quotation service or any Replacement Reference Rate, 
in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect 
to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. Unless a higher rate is stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the minimum rate of interest (which for the avoidance 
of doubt shall consist of any applicable margin specified in the applicable Final 
Terms plus the relevant rate of interest) in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest other than in the case of late payment. 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate 
or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any 
Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or 
both. Unless a higher minimum rate of interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the minimum rate of interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall 
consist of any applicable margin specified in the relevant Final Terms plus the 
relevant rate of interest) shall be deemed to be equal to zero. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same 
interest period. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will 
be calculated by reference to an inflation index ratio derived from either (i) the 
consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques or (ii) the harmonized index of consumer 
prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published monthly by 
Eurostat.  
Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche of Notes will indicate either 
that the Notes of that Tranche cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than in specified instalments (see below) or following an Event of 
Default), or that such Notes will be redeemable prior to such stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer and/or the holders of such Notes upon giving irrevocable

--- Page 12 ---
5 
 
 
 
 
 
notice to the relevant Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, within the 
time limits set out in the Final Terms, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Final Terms may provide that the Notes may be redeemed in two 
or more instalments in such amounts and on such dates as may be indicated in 
such Final Terms. 
Furthermore, the Notes may be redeemable by the Issuer prior to maturity 
following a Withholding Tax Event, Gross-Up Event or in the event of a MREL 
Disqualification Event. See Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes in 
respect of which the proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom having a maturity of less than one year, shall (a) have a redemption 
value of not less than £100,000 (or an amount of equivalent value denominated 
wholly or partly in a currency other than sterling), and (b) provide that no part 
of any such Note may be transferred unless the redemption value of that part is 
not less than £100,000 (or such equivalent amount). 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem, 
in whole or in part, the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to their stated 
maturity, at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Status of Notes: 
1. 
If the Notes are "Senior Preferred Notes", the Notes will be Senior 
Preferred Obligations and the Notes and (if applicable) the relative 
Coupons constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions 
of the negative pledge), unsecured and senior obligations  of the Issuer 
and rank and will at all times rank: 
(A) 
pari passu, without any preference or priority by reason of date 
of issue, currency of payment or otherwise, among themselves 
and, subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under the laws of France, with all other Senior 
Preferred Obligations; 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from other 
preferred exceptions. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation amiable ou liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, 
bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar proceedings affecting the 
Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Senior Preferred 
Notes rank: 
(A) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from  other 
preferred exceptions; and 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations.

--- Page 13 ---
6 
 
 
 
 
 
2. 
If the Notes are "Senior Non Preferred Notes", the Notes will be 
Senior Non Preferred Obligations and the Notes and (if applicable) the 
relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured and 
senior obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank: 
(A) 
pari passu, without any preference or priority by reason of date 
of issue, currency of payment or otherwise, among themselves 
and, subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under the laws of France, with all other Senior Non 
Preferred Obligations; 
(B) 
senior to Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations and any other 
present or future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non 
Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from preferred 
exceptions including Senior Preferred Obligations. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation amiable ou liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar proceedings 
affecting the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes rank: 
(A) 
junior to Senior Preferred Obligations; and 
(B) 
senior to Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations and any other 
present or future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non 
Preferred Obligations. 
"Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations" means any subordinated obligations 
or other instruments issued by the Issuer which rank, or  are expressed to rank, 
pari passu among themselves, and constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in priority to prêts participatifs 
granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dit "super subordonnés", 
i.e  engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
"Senior Preferred Obligations" means any senior obligations (including the 
Senior Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the Issuer, which fall 
or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in article L. 
613-30-3–I-3°. of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
"Senior Non Preferred Obligations" means any senior (chirographaires) 
obligations (including the Senior Non Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments 
issued by, the Issuer, which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of 
obligations described in articles L. 613-30-3–I- 4° and R. 613-28 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms and conditions relating to the Senior Preferred Notes will contain a 
negative pledge provision as described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). The 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will not benefit from a negative pledge.

--- Page 14 ---
7 
 
 
 
 
 
Cross-Default: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions of the 
Senior Preferred Notes will contain a cross-default provision as set out in 
Condition 11(a) (Events of Default relating to the Senior Preferred Notes).  
Ratings: 
The Issuer is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, rated Baa2 (negative 
outlook) by Moody's and BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P. The Programme is, as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, rated Baa2 in respect of Senior Preferred 
Notes with a maturity of more than one year and Prime-2 in respect of Senior 
Preferred Notes with a maturity of one year or less by Moody's and BBB- in 
respect of Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of more than one year and A-
3 in respect of Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of one year or less by 
S&P. Senior Non Preferred Notes will be rated on a Series by Series basis, if at 
all.  
Credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued 
by Moody's and S&P, each of which is, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
established in the European Union, registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") and included in the list 
of 
registered 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). Neither 
Moody's nor S&P are established in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings have been endorsed by Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not withdrawn. As such, 
the ratings issued by each of Moody's and S&P may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of 
Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable 
to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with those of another Series, all as 
described in Condition 15 (Further Issues) below. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Listing: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or any other Regulated Market in any Member State of the EEA or the 
UK and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges

--- Page 15 ---
8 
 
 
 
 
 
and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, or may be unlisted, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: 
United States, EEA, UK, Denmark, France, Belgium, Italy, Japan, the 
Netherlands, Hong Kong, The People's Republic of China (excluding Hong 
Kong, Macau and Taiwan) and Singapore. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S under the US 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state that Notes 
are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(c) (the "C 
Rules") or (ii) the Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance with 
the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity 
and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will 
be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable. 
Dematerialised Notes do not require compliance with the TEFRA Rules.

--- Page 16 ---
9 
 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to it and/or the Notes and material for an informed investment 
decision with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme are described below. In each 
category below the Issuer sets out the most material risks (in descending order of importance), in its 
assessment, taking into account the negative impact (including any relevant mitigation measures) of such 
risks on the Issuer and the probability of their occurrence ("Global Criticality").  Each risk factor relating 
to the Issuer is followed by the Issuer's assessment of whether such Global Criticality can be assessed as 
high, medium or low. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Any reference below to a Condition is a reference to the correspondingly numbered condition in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. Words and expressions defined in the other sections of this Base Prospectus 
shall have the same meaning in this section. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
A. 
Business development risk (including strategic and concentration risk) 
The Issuer's operating results and financial condition are dependent on the Issuer’s corporate strategies 
and the sales of Renault-Nissan Alliance branded vehicles. (Global Criticality: High) 
As a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of Renault serving the Renault-Nissan Alliance, the Issuer's 
predominant business activity consists of financing vehicle sales of Renault-Nissan Alliance branded 
vehicles, which accounts for a substantial majority of its net banking income. While the Issuer's commercial 
integration with Renault provides it with significant advantages, it is possible that the interests of Renault 
will differ from the Issuer's interests and those of Noteholders. 
Due to the Issuer's intricate strategic, commercial and financial links to the Renault Group and to the fact 
that the Issuer's business is concentrated within the Renault-Nissan Alliance, any reduction or suspension 
of production or sale of vehicles in the Renault Group due to a decrease in the actual or perceived quality, 
safety or reliability of vehicles, disruption to third-party supplies, significant changes to marketing 
programs or strategies or negative publicity, could have a significant negative impact on the level of the 
Issuer's financing volume and on the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the 
demand for Renault-Nissan Alliance vehicles may be affected by the following factors: 
• 
diversification and innovation of the Renault-Nissan Alliance's vehicle mix; 
• 
competitiveness of the sales prices of vehicles; 
• 
customer demand levels for new and used vehicle sales and leases, including as a result of the 
recent global financial crisis and the ensuing economic slowdown; 
• 
customer demand for the financing of their vehicle purchases; 
• 
vehicle production rates; and 
• 
inventory levels maintained by Renault-Nissan Alliance branded dealerships. 
Furthermore, the success of the Issuer’s strategic plan depends on several levers as the performance of its 
products and investments or its ability to maintain a high satisfaction of its customers, but also on an 
appropriate governance around the strategic plan allowing the adherence of the issuer’s staff.

--- Page 17 ---
10 
 
 
 
 
 
B. 
Financial risk 
A disruption in the Issuer's funding sources and access to the capital markets would have an adverse effect 
on the liquidity position of the Issuer (Global Criticality: High) 
The Issuer finances its activities through long-term debt issues, bank loans, commercial paper issues, 
securitisation of receivables and deposit taking activities and it is therefore dependent on reliable access to 
financial resources. Due to the Issuer's funding needs, it is exposed to liquidity risk in the event of market 
closure or tensions over credit availability. Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will have insufficient 
liquidity to repay debts when they fall due or to fund new asset growth through customer and dealer 
financings. The Issuer's liquidity could be materially adversely affected by factors it cannot control, such 
as general market disruptions, the perception in the market that it is experiencing greater liquidity risk or 
speculative pressures on the debt market. If the Issuer's financing requirements increase or if the Issuer 
cannot access new sources of funds, insufficient liquidity would be particularly harmful to its competitive 
position, its operating results and its financial condition. This would also have a negative impact on the 
Issuer's ability to support the sale of vehicles in the Renault Group and to provide wholesale financing to 
dealers in the Renault Group, which could have significantly impair the ability of the Renault Group to sell 
vehicles. 
The average Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) over the 12-month period ending on 30 June 2021 was 566% 
compared to the minimum LCR of 100% that is required by regulation. 
The Issuer's operating results may be adversely affected by changes in market interest rates or rates offered 
to customer deposits. (Global Criticality: Medium) 
Interest rate risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates or prices would negatively affect the Issuer's 
income and capital. The Issuer's customer loans are generally issued at fixed interest rates, for durations of 
between one to seventy-two months while dealer credit is issued at fixed rates for durations of less than 
twelve months. The Issuer's interest rate exposure is assessed daily by measuring sensitivity for each 
currency, management entity and asset portfolio and cash flow hedging is systematic, using swaps to 
convert floating-rate liabilities to fixed rate liabilities.  
The Issuer calculates interest rate sensitivity historically by applying a hypothetical 100 basis point increase 
based on monthly asset-liability gaps. Although the Issuer monitors its interest rate risk using a 
methodology common to the entire RCI Banque group, risk hedging may not always be appropriate, 
reflecting the difficulty of adjusting the borrowing structure to match the structure of customer loans. 
Changes in interest rates cannot always be predicted or hedged, and, if not appropriately predicted or 
hedged, could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition and operating results. 
RCI Banque's overall sensitivity to the interest rate risk remained below the limit set by the RCI Banque 
group at EUR 70 million. 
At 30 June 2021, a hypothetical 100-basis point rise in interest rates would have had the following impact 
on RCI Banque group’s net interest income of: 
 
Currency 
Hypothetical impact on net interest income 
Euro 
-€6.5 million 
Pound Sterling 
+€5.9 million 
Moroccan Dirham 
+€1.3 million 
Swiss Franc 
-€0.6 million

--- Page 18 ---
11 
 
 
 
 
 
South Korean Won 
+€0.4 million 
Polish Zloty 
+€0.3 million 
Brazilian Real 
-€0.6 million 
Romanian Leu 
+€0.1 million 
Czech Koruna 
+€0.2 million 
Argentinian Peso 
+€0.1 million 
 
RCI Banque's overall sensitivity to the interest rate risk totaled €6.8 million. 
 
Risk of unfavorable changes in the refinancing costs of the Issuer, in particular, following a deterioration 
of the RCI rating by the rating agencies. (Global Criticality: Medium) 
The Issuer's market access may be affected by the credit ratings of the RCI Banque group and, to a certain 
extent, of the Renault Group. The Issuer is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, rated Baa2 (negative 
outlook) by Moody's France SAS and BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited.  
The rating agencies S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Moody's France SAS use ratings to classify 
the solvency of RCI Banque in order to assess whether RCI Banque will be able to repay its obligations in 
the future. 
A deterioration in the Issuer's liquidity position, capital management policies or a material weakening of 
profitability could quickly lead to a negative impact on its credit rating. 
RCI Banque is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Renault and the credit rating of RCI Banque remains 
dependent on the economic development and the credit rating of Renault. Any negative rating action in 
respect of the long-term debt of Renault could lead to a similar action in respect of the long-term debt of 
RCI Banque.  
The Issuer is dependent on wholesale funding and access to capital markets. Its ability to obtain funding at 
competitive rates depends in part on its ability to obtain appropriate credit ratings. A decrease in its credit 
ratings or in the credit ratings of Renault S.A. or any outlook revisions would likely result in an increase in 
the Issuer's borrowing costs or could swiftly reduce the Issuer's access to capital markets in the future. 
Foreign exchange risk (Global Criticality: Medium) 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of a loss arising from current or future exposure to current and / or 
refinancing operations in a currency other than the euro or a potential decrease in the value of the Group's 
equity due to the depreciation of the own funds held in countries outside the euro zone. 
Equity investments in currencies other than the euro are usually not hedged (structural foreign exchange 
risk). This may lead to translation adjustments, which RCI Banque recognises in shareholders’ equity.  
The transactional foreign exchange risk (FX exposure excluding equity investments) mainly results from 
multicurrency lending and invoices in foreign currencies. 
At 30 June 2021, the RCI Banque group's consolidated transactional foreign exchange position totalled 
EUR 4.3 million and EUR 5.8 million at 31 December 2020. 
C. 
Product risk

--- Page 19 ---
12 
 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer may suffer loss further to its customers' (private individuals' and companies') or dealers' default 
(i.e incapacity to pay credit installments to the Issuer under credit agreement (overdue payment). (Global 
Criticality: Medium) 
The Issuer is exposed to customer and dealer credit risk if its risk management techniques are insufficient 
to protect it from payment failure by its counterparties. 
Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from the failure of the Issuer's customers or dealers to meet the 
obligations of any contract signed with the Issuer. The Issuer's credit risk is heavily dependent upon 
economic factors, including unemployment, business failures, consumer debt service burden, personal 
income growth, disposable household incomes, dealer profitability and used vehicle prices, and has a 
significant impact on its business. 
The level of credit risk in the Issuer's dealer financing portfolio is influenced by, among other factors, the 
financial strength of dealers within the Issuer's portfolio, collateral quality and the overall demand for 
vehicles. The level of credit risk in the Issuer's customer portfolio is affected by general macroeconomic 
conditions that may affect some of its customers' ability to make their scheduled payments. 
The Issuer uses advanced credit-scoring systems and searches of external databases to assess loans made 
to retail and corporate customers and an internal rating system to assess dealer loans. Although the Issuer 
constantly adjusts its acceptance policy to take account of market conditions, an increase in credit risk 
would raise its cost of risk and provisions for credit losses. The Issuer also implements detailed procedures 
to contact delinquent customers for payment, arranges for the repossession of unpaid vehicles and sells 
repossessed vehicles. However, there can be no assurance that the Issuer's origination procedures, 
monitoring of credit risk, payment servicing activities, maintenance of customer account records or 
repossession policies are or will be sufficient to prevent an adverse effect on its operating results and 
financial condition. 
The increase of credit risk would increase the cost of risk and provisions in credit losses, therefore directly 
impacting the Issuer's financial results and potentially its internal capital. 
The total cost of risk as at 30 June 2021 amounted to 0.16% of average performing assets and as at 31 
December 2020 amounted to 0.75%.  
At 30 June 2021, customer net assets stood at EUR 38,287 million and dealer net assets stood at EUR 8,107 
million. 
A decrease in the residual values of the Issuer's leased vehicles could negatively affect its operating results 
and financial condition. (Global Criticality: Medium) 
When leased vehicles are returned to the Issuer at the end of the lease term and the Issuer does not benefit 
from a buy-back agreement from a third party (usually coming from an automotive dealer or car 
manufacturer) and/or a customer does not exercise an option to purchase the vehicle at lease termination, 
the Issuer is exposed to the risk of loss to the extent that sales proceeds realised upon the sale of returned 
vehicle are not sufficient to cover the residual value that was estimated at the outset of the lease.  To the 
extent the actual residual value of the vehicle, as reflected in the sales proceeds, is less than the expected 
residual value for the vehicle at the outset of the lease, the Issuer incurs a loss at vehicle disposal which is 
recorded as an expense.  Among other factors, economic conditions, new vehicle pricing, new vehicle sales, 
the actual or perceived quality, safety or reliability of vehicles, the mix of used vehicle supply, the level of 
current used vehicle values, and fuel prices heavily influence used vehicle prices and thus the actual residual 
value of leased vehicles.  Differences between the actual residual values realised on leased vehicles and the

--- Page 20 ---
13 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer's estimates of such values at the outset of the lease could have a negative impact on the Issuer's 
operating results and financial condition, due to its recognition of higher-than-anticipated losses. 
As at 30 June 2021, the total risk on residual values carried out by RCI Banque stood at EUR 1,956 million 
and as at 31 December 2020 it stood at EUR 1,810 million. 
D. 
Operational risk 
Risk related to the Covid-19 outbreak (Global Criticality: High)  
The health crisis linked to the Covid-19 pandemic had a significant impact on the global economy in 2020 
and 2021 and led, among other things, to a slowdown in economic activity. Within the Group, activity was 
principally impacted by the closure of concessions during the lockdowns and the absence of on-the-ground 
recovery activity and operation of auction rooms from the resale of vehicles. In particular, the Issuer's 
penetration rate decreased from 47.6 per cent. for the first half of 2020 to 44.3 per cent. for the first half of 
2021, due to a decline in car sales on the retail segment, which was mostly impacted by the remaining lock 
down measures during the first half of 2021. In the first half of 2021, the commercial activity continued to 
be negatively impacted by the sanitary crisis and notably the semiconductor shortage. At the end of 
June 2021, net assets at year-end amounted to EUR 46.4 billion as compared to EUR 47.6 billion at the end 
of June 2020. In addition, IFRS-9 impairment allowance increased by EUR 204 million as at December 
2020 as compared to December 2019 and remained at same level at 30 June 2021. The Group's pre-tax 
income increased from EUR 473 million to EUR 599 million between the first half of 2020 and the first 
half of 2021 and reached a level equivalent to the pre-tax income of the first half of 2019.  
From an operational perspective, teleworking was implemented for all employees during the lockdowns 
and partial employment was introduced for certain employees.   
The “Covid-19” moratoria that were introduced in the wake of the pandemic have been applied by the 
Group within the framework of the EBA definitions and according to the particular situation in each country 
in which the Group operates. At the end of June 2021, the amount of exposure subject to deferral of 
unexpired payment due dates amounted to EUR 38.3 million compared to EUR 288 million in 2020. The 
volume of debt restructured fell from EUR 446 million in December 2020 to 296 million in June 2021, 
while a targeted and limited number of debt restructurings have been conducted by the Group, in particular 
in Latin America and Morocco. 
Notwithstanding the acceleration of vaccination campaigns and the gradual easing of restrictions, a future 
resurgence of the pandemic cannot be ruled out. If the pandemic is further prolonged, the Groups' operations 
could be adversely impacted by further lockdowns and any other restrictions that may be adopted in 
response to the pandemic. The Group is unable to predict the extent to which any resurgence of the 
pandemic may impact its business, operations and financial performance. The pandemic could continue to 
pose risks to the health and safety of the Group's employees, especially when employees may elect to return 
to the office in jurisdictions where both local requirements and its own health and safety standards have 
been met. 
Risk on Information and Communication Technology (Global Criticality: Medium) 
Risk on Information and Communication Technology (ICT) covers among others,  the risk of information 
disclosure (confidentiality) or information alteration (integrity) due to unauthorised access to ICT systems 
and data from within or outside the institution (e.g. cyber-attacks), the risk of system disruption 
(availability) due to the incapacity to timely recover the institution’s services or due to a failure of ICT 
hardware or software components, including the incapacity to detect and to fix weaknesses in ICT system 
management or the inability of the institution to manage ICT system changes in a timely and controlled

--- Page 21 ---
14 
 
 
 
 
 
manner. The institution ICT risk has to be also extended to outsourced activities as service providers hold, 
store or process the institution ICT systems and information. The lack of control over such external third 
parties to protect institution systems and information (confidentiality, integrity, availability) impacts the 
institution capacity to comply with regulatory requirements. 
For example, risk of incapacity to maintain/ operate Group essential activities in case of an external 
disruptive event (floods, contagion, IS destruction, cyber-attack, suicides, terrorist attack etc.) or incapacity 
to maintain operational information systems (referring, respectively, to Disaster Recovery Plan, DRP, and 
Business Continuity Plan, BCP) may adversely affect the Issuer's activities. 
IT Systems are core resource for the Group as they support business processes in their day to day operations. 
After making a loan or funding lease plans to retail and corporate customers and making loans available to 
dealers, the Issuer services the finance receivables.  Any disruption of its servicing activity, due to inability 
to access or accurately maintain its customer account records or otherwise, could have a significant negative 
impact on its ability to collect on those receivables and/or satisfy its customers. 
The Issuer relies on internal and external information and technological systems (managed both by the 
Issuer and by third parties) to manage its operations and are exposed to risk of loss resulting from breaches 
of security, system or control failures, inadequate or failed processes, human error and business 
interruptions. Furthermore, the Issuer has entered into framework agreements with Renault to provide for 
certain information technology systems and services. If Renault were to become unable or unwilling to 
fulfill its obligations under these agreements, the Issuer's operations could be disrupted. These events could 
have a significant impact on the Issuer's ability to conduct its business operations, increase its risk of loss 
resulting from disruptions of normal operating procedures, cause it to incur considerable information 
retrieval and verification costs, and potentially result in financial losses or other damage to the Issuer, 
including damage to its reputation. 
E. 
Legal, regulatory and tax risks 
The Issuer is exposed to legal, regulatory and tax risks (Global Criticality: Medium) 
The Issuer's profitability and business could be adversely affected by the regulatory, legal and tax 
environment, both in France and abroad, since the RCI Banque group operates in several countries and is 
therefore subject to extensive supervisory and regulatory regimes and locally applicable rules and 
regulations, such as, but not limited to, banking regulation, consumer credit laws, securities law and 
regulations, general competition regulations, real estate laws, employment regulations, data protection 
laws, corporate and tax laws and insurance laws and regulations. In terms of banking prudential regulations, 
the Issuer is principally subject to the Capital Requirements Directive (CRD) IV package, comprising 
Directive 2013/36/EU ("CRD IV") and the Capital Requirements Regulation No 575/2013 ("CRR") 
(including all implementing legislation in France, including Law no.2013-672 dated 26 July 2013 relating 
to the separation and regulation of banking activities), the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
2014/59/EU ("BRRD"), as well as the relevant technical standards and guidelines from EU regulatory 
bodies (for example the European Banking Authority (EBA) and the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA)), which, inter alia, provide for capital requirements for credit institutions, recovery and 
resolution mechanisms.  
CRD IV was modified by Directive No. 2019/878 of 20 May 2019 amending CRD IV as regards exempted 
entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures ("CRD V"). CRD V was implemented into French 
law by Ordinance no. 2020-1635 of 21 December 2020 containing various provisions adapting the 
legislation to European Union law in the financial sector and Decree No. 2020-1637 of 22 December 2020,

--- Page 22 ---
15 
 
 
 
 
 
which both entered into force on 29 December 2020 (save for specific measures to be applied at a later 
stage). Regulation No. 2019/876 of 20 May 2019 amended among other things CRR as regards the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit 
risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements ("CRR2"). CRR2 entered into force on 28 June 2021, 
although a number of provisions of CRR2 were already in force since 27 June 2019, including certain 
provisions related to own funds and the provisions on the introduction of the new requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities. It must be noted that CRR and CRR2 have been amended by Regulation 
No. 2020/873 of 24 June 2020 setting out certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic 
(notably through a number of temporary prudential rules), aimed at mitigating the economic shock caused 
thereby. These new provisions generally applied as from 27 June 2020. 
In addition to the changes in regulatory provisions set out above, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") 
has undertaken important initiatives to ensure that capital requirements for banks using internal models are 
calculated correctly, consistently and in a comparable manner. The Issuer uses its own internal models for 
calculating risk weighted assets and therefore capital requirements. In the previous years, it has received 
remarks and comments on some of the models audited by the ECB for which it has been asked to review 
certain parameters or introduce temporary add-ons in its calculations. The institution addresses most of 
these recommendations and the compliance with the new EBA Guideline on PD estimation, LGD 
estimation and treatment of defaulted assets by submitting packages (new models and methodologies) to 
the Supervisor (ECB) in 2021. Previously, in 2020, in accordance with the new regulation on the new 
definition of default (NDoD), the institution carried out major compliance work. This work was reviewed 
during an ECB on-site inspection which took place in 2020 and whose final conclusions are awaited.  
More generally, the risk of non-compliance with different legal and regulatory requirements or tax regimes, 
and any adverse changes thereto, may potentially negatively affect the Issuer's current business model, 
internal policies and results. As a provider of financing solutions, insurance, banking (deposit) and other 
vehicle-linked services, RCI Banque addresses very carefully banking and insurance laws and regulations 
requirements, competition practices and customer protection rules, ethical issues, money laundering laws, 
data protection laws and information security policies. Any non-compliance or failure to address these 
issues properly, could lead to additional legal risk and financial losses, as a result of regulatory fines or 
reprimands, litigations, or reputational damage, and in extreme scenarios, to the suspension of operations 
or even withdrawal of authorization to pursue business.  
Additional regulations or changes in the applicable laws, could add significant costs or operational 
constraints that might impair profitability of Issuer's business.  
The Issuer's future results may be adversely affected by any of these factors.  
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and Single Resolution Mechanism risk (Global Criticality: 
Medium)  
The Issuer has been designated as a significant supervised entity for the purposes of Article 49(1) of the 
Single Supervision Mechanism ("SSM") regulations and is consequently subject to the direct supervision 
of the ECB in the context of the SSM. This means that the Issuer is also subject to the Single Resolution 
Mechanism ("SRM") and BRRD (as defined above). The SRM and BRRD enable a range of tools to be 
used in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. 
Each year, the Issuer establishes a recovery plan in line with BRRD requirements. This plan sets out 
preparatory measures that aim to implement various recovery options that would enable the institution to 
recover in the event of a crisis leading to a Near to Default situation. Any insufficiency or lack of 
preparedness to implement the measures set out in the recovery plan, or the under-estimation of risks and

--- Page 23 ---
16 
 
 
 
 
 
constraints linked to the implementation of the recovery plan, may compromise or delay its effective 
implementation and could limit the capacity of the Issuer to recover from such crisis.  
If the Issuer is determined Failing or Likely To Fail within the meaning of BRRD, the Relevant Regulator 
(as defined in the Conditions) may apply a number of different BRRD resolution tools, including sale of 
business, asset separation, bail-in and creation of a bridge bank. The BRRD also provides for additional 
resolution measures including, in particular and without limitation, the cancellation of debt securities or 
eligible liabilities, the variation of the terms of debt securities, the suspension of any obligation to pay or 
deliver financial instruments and/or the obligation for the relevant institution subject to resolution measures 
to issue new securities. These varied tools are designed for early and quick intervention in an unsound or 
failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, 
while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
BRRD was formally implemented into French law by an ordinance dated 20 August 2015 (ordonnance No. 
2015-1024 portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union Européenne en 
matière financière – the "Ordinance"). This Ordinance amends and supplements the provisions of the 
French banking law dated 26 July 2013 on separation and regulation of banking activities (loi de séparation 
et de régulation des activités bancaires) (the "SRAB Law") which had, among other things, given various 
resolution powers to the resolution board (the "French Resolution Board") of the French Prudential 
Supervisory Authority, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution ("ACPR"). 
The SRAB Law and the Ordinance (together the "French Resolution Regime") provide that the French 
Resolution Board may, when the point of non-viability is reached, take any of the resolution measures as 
transposed from the BRRD. Furthermore, Decree no. 2015-1160 dated 17 September 2015 and three orders 
dated 11 September 2015 (décret et arrêtés) implementing provisions of the Ordinance regarding (i) 
recovery planning, (ii) resolution planning and (iii) criteria to assess the resolvability of an institution or 
group, were published on 20 September 2015 to implement BRRD in France. 
Finally, law no. 2016-1691 of 9 December 2016 (known as "Sapin II" law) has amended article L. 613-
30-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier, to introduce a new layer of senior "non-preferred" debts in 
the creditors hierarchy, which applies in the event of an insolvency of a credit institution. In the event of a 
bail-in, such senior "non-preferred" debts would be bailed in before other senior liabilities. The categories 
of debts which may qualify as senior "non-preferred" debts are set out in article L. 613-30-3 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, and include, among other debts, debt securities (titres de créance) which are 
required, in particular, to be "non-structured" (non structurés), provided that, further to the implementation 
of BRRD2 (as defined below), their nominal value per unit upon issuance is at least of Euro 50,000. The 
features to be met in order for such a debt security to be considered as being non-structured (and as such 
eligible to the senior "non-preferred" status) have been laid down in article R. 613-28 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, which has been introduced by the Decree no. 2018-710 dated 3 August 2018. The 
regime applicable to the creditors hierarchy has been supplemented by article 200 of the law no. 2019-486 
of 22 May 2019 which specified the rules applicable to senior non-preferred debts by including a section 
Ibis in article L. 613-30-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier for the purpose of implementing into 
French law the Directive No. 2017/2399 of 12 December 2017 amending BRRD as regards the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. BRRD2 (as defined below), as implemented into 
French law, also amended article L. 613-30-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier to provide, in 
particular, that debts that do not qualify as additional tier 1 instrument or tier 2 instrument ranks, nor did 
so, on or before 28 December 2020, shall be bailed in before debts that do qualify or did so on or before 
such date.

--- Page 24 ---
17 
 
 
 
 
 
The exercise of any power under the French Resolution Regime or any suggestion of such exercise could 
adversely affect the Issuer and materially impact the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any 
Notes.  
BRRD has been modified by Directive No. 2019/879 of 20 May 2019 among other things as regards the 
loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms ("BRRD2"). 
BRRD2 was implemented into French law by Ordinance no. 2020-1636 of 21 December 2020 relating to 
the resolution regime in the banking sector. Amendments made relate in particular to MREL (as defined 
below) requirements (in particular, entities subject to BRRD shall comply with a requirement expressed as 
a percentage of the total risk exposure amount and a percentage of the leverage ratio total exposure, and a 
distinction is made between, on the one hand, external MREL requirement which is applicable to a 
resolution entity and, on the other hand, internal MREL requirement that applies to subsidiaries that are not 
themselves resolution entities). It also confers on the resolution authorities additional powers. Regulation 
No. 2019/877 of 20 May 2019 ("SRMR2") amended Regulation No. 806/2014 ("SRMR") as regards the 
loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. Changes introduced 
by SRMR2 entered into force on 28 December 2020. In particular, SRMR2 made amendments to SRMR 
relating to the implementation of total loss absorbing capacity requirements and revisions to provisions 
relating to MREL. Such amendments mirror those made to BRRD by BRRD2. 
In the context of BRRD, the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") is 
subject to a formal decision of the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"). The level of capital and eligible 
liabilities required under MREL will be set by the resolution authority for each bank (and/or group) based 
on certain criteria including systemic importance. Eligible liabilities may be senior or subordinated, 
provided, among other requirements, that they have a remaining maturity of at least one year and, if 
governed by non-EU law, they must be able to be written down or converted under that law (including 
through contractual provisions). Since 2018, the SRB developed its MREL policy and started to develop 
binding targets for major banking groups. The SRB's MREL policy has an increased focus on quality and 
internal location of MREL, in particular ensuring that there are sufficient loss absorbing instruments to 
implement banks' preferred resolution strategies. Such policy was notably updated in May 2020 in order to 
be aligned with BRRD2 and SRMR2. 
The SRB has determined in its notification that the MREL requirement which shall be met at all times by 
RCI Banque and the Group is set, subject to regulatory changes, at 7.35% of the total liabilities and own 
funds. It has concluded that RCI Banque was not providing critical functions, has set the recapitalisation 
amount and the market confidence buffer at zero and calibrated the MREL requirement at the level of the 
loss-absorption amount. In 2021, the ACPR, implementing the decision of the SRB, has notified RCI 
Banque of its updated MREL requirement. This MREL requirement has now been set at 8% of total risk 
exposure amount and 3% of leverage ratio exposure, each as defined by CRR. Any failure by the Issuer 
and/or the Group to comply with its MREL requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
A. 
Risks related to all Series of Notes 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, benefiting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees in accordance with 
Condition 3 (Status of the Notes and Subordination), the Noteholders can only rely on the ability of the 
Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. The value of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer (as may be impacted by the risks related to the Issuer as described above). If the

--- Page 25 ---
18 
 
 
 
 
 
creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholder could be very high. A 
deterioration in creditworthiness could give rise to very serious negative repercussions on the Noteholders 
because: (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) 
the value of the Notes may decrease, and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
French insolvency law  
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent 
that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as 
amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French 
law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1 
October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect 
certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in 
such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of 
interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring 
plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this 
plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with 
potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden (i) by a cram down 
inside their class if grouped with other creditors or (ii) by a cross-class cram down between classes. 
However, since the Issuer is a French credit institution, the opening of any amicable pre-insolvency 
proceedings or court-administered insolvency proceedings is subject to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel 
et de résolution's  prior assent (avis conforme).  
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would 
have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any 
decisions taken by a class of affected parties could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and 
cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts 
due to them from the Issuer. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and Single Resolution Mechanism risk  
If the Issuer is determined Failing or Likely To Fail within the meaning of BRRD, the relevant regulatory 
authority may apply a number of different BRRD resolution tools, including sale of business, asset 
separation, bail-in and creation of a bridge bank. The BRRD also provides for additional resolution 
measures including, in particular and without limitation, the cancellation of debt securities or eligible 
liabilities, the variation of the terms of debt securities, the suspension of any obligation to pay or deliver 
financial instruments and/or the obligation for the relevant institution subject to resolution measures to issue 
new securities. These varied tools are designed for early and quick intervention in an unsound or failing 
institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while 
minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system.  
The use of the BRRD resolution tools may present certain risks to the Noteholders given that they constitute 
unsecured debt claims over the Issuer, including: 
• 
any shortfall from the sale of the Issuer's assets may lead to a partial reduction in the amounts 
outstanding to Noteholders or, in a worst-case scenario, a reduction to zero.  
• 
in the event of a bail-in, the relevant regulatory authority must first reduce or cancel common equity 
tier one, thereafter reduce, cancel, convert additional tier one instruments, then tier two instruments 
and other subordinated debts to the extent required and up to their capacity. If this total reduction is 
less than the amount needed, the relevant regulatory authority will reduce or convert to the extent

--- Page 26 ---
19 
 
 
 
 
 
required the nominal amount or outstanding amount payable in respect of unsecured creditors (such as 
holders of Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. 
However, in certain circumstances, debt that is ranked pari passu with the Notes may be excluded from 
bail-in in accordance with Article 44(2) and (3) of BRRD and therefore receive more favourable 
treatment than the Notes. 
• 
the relevant authority may seek to amend the terms of the maturity date of the Notes, which could 
negatively affect the value of the Notes for the purpose of re-selling.  
 
Each of the aforementioned measures may occur in isolation or, they may occur as a combination. For 
instance, the relevant regulatory authority may require a partial conversion of the Notes into ordinary shares 
of the Issuer, in addition to any write-down and sale of the Issuer's assets. Public financial support to resolve 
the Issuer where there is a risk of failure will only be used as a last resort, having assessed and exploited 
the other resolution tools to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial stability. 
The taking of any action under the BRRD in relation to the Issuer, or the suggestion of the exercise of any 
action, could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in 
the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on laws and regulations in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Governing law and Jurisdiction),  are governed by, 
and will be construed in accordance with, French law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to French law, EU rules or administrative practice after the date of this 
Base Prospectus. If any change in law was unfavourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders, it could have a 
negative impact on the value of the Notes and potentially negative repercussions on the Noteholders 
investment in the Notes. The risk of changes in law is higher for Notes with longer maturities.  
Furthermore, the Issuer operates in a heavily regulated environment and has to comply with extensive 
regulations in France and elsewhere, which could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial 
situation and, therefore, its creditworthiness. 
Modification of the Conditions 
Condition 13 (Representation of Noteholders) contains provisions for consulting Noteholders on matters 
affecting their interests generally. Subject to the provisions of the Final Terms, the Noteholders will, in 
respect of all Tranches in any Series, be automatically grouped for the defence of their common interests 
in a Masse, as defined in Condition 13 (Representation of Noteholders). Noteholders can adopt measures 
either through a general meeting (the "General Meetings") or by consent following a written consultation 
(the "Written Decisions").  
These provisions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority or Noteholders who did not consent to a Written Decision.  
If such a General Meeting were to take place or such a Written Decision were to be taken, it is possible that 
a majority of Noteholders could adopt a decision that would modify the Terms and Conditions in a way 
that could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders and might have a negative impact of the market 
value of the Notes.  
B. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Risks related to the secondary market

--- Page 27 ---
20 
 
 
 
 
 
The Programme allows for Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other 
Regulated Market. Nevertheless, the Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one 
may never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be 
able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in 
low trading volumes. The degree of liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price at which an 
investor can dispose of the Notes where the investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. 
In such circumstances, the impact of this risk on the Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely 
have to be resold at a discount to the nominal value of the Notes. Furthermore, if additional and competing 
products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes.  
In addition, the market for debt securities issued by issuers is influenced by a number of factors such as 
general economic and market conditions and, to varying degrees, rates of interest, currency exchange rates 
and inflation rates in other European and other industrialised countries. Events in France, Europe or 
elsewhere could cause market volatility which may adversely affect the price of Notes.  
The Issuer is entitled to buy the Notes, as described in Condition 8(k) (Purchases), and the Issuer may issue 
further notes, as described in Condition 15 (Further Issues). Such transactions may adversely affect the 
price development of the Notes. If additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this 
may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each a "Specified Currency" which 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms). The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the 
Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other 
than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate, as well as the availability of Specified Currency in 
which a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such Note. Such 
exchange controls, if imposed may impact the ability to transfer funds in and out of the relevant country 
which would have a negative impact on the amount a Noteholder is able to realise from Notes denominated 
in the Specified Currency. As a result, Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent 
principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be negatively 
impacted as they may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. This may 
result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic 
currency is not the Specified Currency.

--- Page 28 ---
21 
 
 
 
 
 
C. 
Risks related to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for the issuance of a wide range of Notes with varying structures and features. Such 
structures and features may present particular risks for potential investors. A description of the most 
common risks associated with such structures and features is set out below: 
(1) 
Interest Rate Risks 
Risks related to Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 6(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a fixed rate of 
interest to Noteholders. Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in interest 
rates in the capital markets may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. While the nominal interest 
rate of a fixed interest rate note is fixed during the life of such a note or during a certain period of time, the 
current interest rate on the capital market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. As the 
market interest rate changes, the price of such note changes in the opposite direction. If the market interest 
rate increases, the price of such note typically falls, until the yield of such note is approximately equal to 
the market interest rate. If the market interest rate decreases, the price of a fixed rate note typically increases, 
until the yield of such note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. Noteholders should be aware 
that movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes and could cause 
Noteholders to lose part of the capital invested if they decide to sell Notes during a period in which the 
market interest rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Notes. The degree to which the market interest rate may 
vary presents a risk to the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the 
Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the price of the Notes and cause 
Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial investment.  
Risks related to Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) allows for the issuance of 
Notes that pay a floating rate of interest to Noteholders. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating 
rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such 
base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be 
a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three 
months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. The market 
value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest 
rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon 
the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Should the reference rate be at any time negative, 
it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting 
of the reference rate and the relevant margin, being lower than the relevant margin. However, the minimum 
rate of interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall consist of any applicable margin specified in the 
relevant Final Terms plus the relevant rate of interest) for Floating Rate Notes shall in such event be deemed 
to be zero. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount 
payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the 
Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
Risks related to Inflation Linked Notes 
Condition 6(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) allows for the issuance of 
Inflation Linked Notes. Inflation Linked Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined 
interest payments and/or in respect of which the principal is indexed. Interest amounts and/or principal will 
be dependent upon the performance of either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all 
households in metropolitan France (the "CPI"), as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National

--- Page 29 ---
22 
 
 
 
 
 
de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE"), or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices 
excluding tobacco, or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP"), or the relevant 
successor index (each an Index or Inflation Index and together, the Inflation Indices). If the value of the 
relevant index calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower than the value of the relevant index 
at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of 
interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal on Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Noteholders may 
receive no interest. Where the principal is calculated by reference to the CPI or the HICP, in the event the 
level of the relevant Inflation Index Ratio is less than 1.00 at maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at par.  
Risks related to return on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest 
income on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, the holders will be unable to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked 
Notes at the time they purchase them, meaning that their return on investment cannot be compared with 
that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide 
for frequent interest payment dates, holders will be exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates 
decline. That is, holders may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest 
rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer's ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market 
value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Notes, as applicable 
(and vice versa). 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks" 
Where, pursuant to Condition 6(b)(ii)(C), the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes 
identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the London Interbank 
Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") or other indices which are 
deemed to be "benchmarks", investors should be aware that LIBOR, EURIBOR and other such 
"benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") 
applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the UK.  The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or another benchmark 
rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes 
could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national 
or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase 
the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying 
with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
quotes of certain "benchmarks".

--- Page 30 ---
23 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing 
provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 12 February 2021 (the "Amending Regulation"). The Amending Regulation applies 
as of 13 February 2021 and introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for (i) benchmarks designated as critical that may affect the stability of financial markets in 
the European Union, and other relevant benchmarks, if their cessation or wind-down would significantly 
disrupt the functioning of financial markets in the European Union, (ii) third-country benchmarks if their 
cessation or wind-down would significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets in the European 
Union or pose a systemic risk to the financial system in the European Union, and (iii) benchmarks 
designated as critical in a Member State by a national laws, such replacement being restricted to contracts 
and financial instruments which do not contain fallback provisions or suitable fallback provisions and have 
not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For instance, if pursuant to 
a fallback provision included in the Condition 6(b)(ii)(C) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes a 
benchmark is replaced by a benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the 
underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a 
statutory replacement of such benchmark may be designated.  
The statutory replacement of a benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, any Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark. 
However, the European Commission is expected to publish implementing acts under the Amending 
Regulation. Therefore, uncertainty remains as to the implementation of the statutory replacement of 
benchmarks as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end 
of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") announced 
on 27 July 2017 that it would no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the 
LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and confirmed on 5 March 2021 that most LIBOR benchmark tenors would 
cease or cease to be representative benchmarks from 31 December 2021 or (in the case of certain tenors of 
USD LIBOR only) from 30 June 2023.  On 5 March 2021, the administrator for LIBOR (the ICE 
Benchmark Administration or IBA) similarly announced that it would cease the publication of the relevant 
LIBOR settings on 31 December 2021 or 30 June 2023, unless the FCA exercises its proposed new powers 
(which are included in the current UK Financial Services Bill as proposed amendments to the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation) to require the IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed 
methodology (also known as a "synthetic" basis).  Such announcements indicate that LIBOR will not 
continue in its current form  and the FCA announcement of 5 March 2021 indicated that it is currently 
contemplating that any "synthetic" basis, if adopted, would be limited to a small number of currencies and 
settings.  In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from 
January 2018, its working group on Sterling risk-free rates had been mandated with implementing a broad-
based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling 
bond, loan and derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate 
benchmark by the end of 2021.

--- Page 31 ---
24 
 
 
 
 
 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 
2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of LIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions, 
or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating 
Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject 
to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such 
benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market 
for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain 
reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark. 
 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of any applicable Floating Rate Notes (including Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes) or any other Notes whose return is determined by reference to LIBOR, EURIBOR or SONIA, if the 
Issuer determines at any time that the relevant Reference Rate for such Notes has been  discontinued or a 
Reference Rate Fallback Event has occurred, the Issuer will appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent 
as more fully described in Condition 6 (Interest) who will determine a Replacement Reference Rate, as 
well as any necessary changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest 
determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate. Such Replacement Reference Rate and any such other changes will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding on the Noteholders, the Issuer and the Agent and any other person, 
and will apply to the relevant Notes without any requirement that the Issuer obtain consent of any 
Noteholders. 
The Replacement Reference Rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or 
measure. In addition, the replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark. For 
example, there are currently proposals to replace LIBOR (which generally has a term of one, three or six 
months) with an overnight rate. Similarly, proposals have been made to use a rate on highly rated 
government obligations to replace LIBOR, which is currently based on interbank lending rates and carries 
an implicit element of credit risk of the banking sector. These and other changes could significantly affect 
the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and expected performance of LIBOR or 
any other relevant benchmark. Any adjustment factor applied to any Series of Notes may not adequately 
compensate for this impact. This could in turn impact the rate of interest on, and trading value of, the 
affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the

--- Page 32 ---
25 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant Reference Rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such 
hedges with instruments tied to the Reference Replacement Rate. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine an appropriate Replacement Reference 
Rate for any discontinued Reference Rate, or if the Issuer determines that the application of the 
Replacement Reference Rate or any other amendment to the Conditions necessary to implement such 
replacement would render such Notes MREL ineligible, then the provisions for the determination of the 
rate of interest on the affected Notes will not be changed. In such cases, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes provide that, the relevant Interest Rate on such Notes will be the last Reference Rate available as 
determined by the Agent, effectively converting such Notes into fixed rate Notes. 
Furthermore, in the event that no Replacement Reference Rate is determined and the affected Notes are 
effectively converted to fixed rate Notes as described above, Holders of such Notes might incur costs from 
unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such Notes will not benefit 
from any increase in rates. The trading value of such Notes could therefore be adversely affected. 
Risks relating to Notes which are linked to SONIA 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for 
such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA, investors should be aware that the market continues 
to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative 
to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The market or a significant part 
thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the relevant Terms 
and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a SONIA rate issued under this 
Base Prospectus. The nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for 
the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or 
could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes.  
Interest on Notes which reference a SONIA rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the 
relevant Interest Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Notes that reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be 
payable on such Notes.  
SONIA differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that SONIA is a compounded, risk-
free overnight rate, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-
element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR and SONIA may 
behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes.  
Publication of SONIA began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The future performance 
of SONIA may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance. The level of 
SONIA during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SONIA.  Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SONIA such as 
correlations, may change in the future.  
The Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method by which SONIA 
is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing related to 
the publication of SONIA. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will

--- Page 33 ---
26 
 
 
 
 
 
apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future 
issue Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such 
as the derivative and loan markets.  
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates 
across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes referencing a SONIA rate.  
Risks related to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 6(b)(ix) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Notes with a fixed rate of interest 
that is later converted to a floating rate of interest and vice versa. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear 
interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the 
market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce 
a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on 
the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than 
the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. Any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the value 
of the Notes. Investors should note the risks set out above in relation to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Risks related to Zero Coupon Notes  
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued without interest accruing. Condition 6(x) (Zero Coupon 
Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Zero Coupon Notes. Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price 
fluctuations than non-discounted bonds. Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger 
impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted 
issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer 
higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, 
Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in 
similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their 
investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any 
such volatility may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Risks related to Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. Any such volatility may have an adverse 
effect on the value of the Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
27 
 
 
 
 
 
(2) 
Early Redemption Risks 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of the Issuer or the Noteholders 
In accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the Final Terms for 
a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer or the Noteholders. 
Such right of early redemption is often provided for bonds or notes in periods of high interest rates. If the 
market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right to redeem early 
increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the 
redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the 
Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, Noteholders 
that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in 
securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
The Issuer has the option, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes, in whole or in 
part, or in whole but not in part, as the case may be, under a call option as provided in Condition 8(d) 
(subject, to the extent required at such date and in relation to Senior Non Preferred Notes only, to the prior 
written approval of the Relevant Regulator), and/or, unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, a make-whole redemption option as provided in Condition 8(f) (in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes only).  
Partial redemption of Notes at the option of the Issuer or the Noteholders 
In accordance with Condition 8(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders), the Final Terms for a 
particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Noteholders. Exercise of 
this option in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of 
which such option is not exercised. Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of 
which a partial redemption of the Notes at the option of the Issuer or at the option of the Noteholders is 
made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may 
become illiquid and may have a negative impact on the value of the Notes which may in turn adversely 
impact the holders of those Notes. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for tax reasons 
Condition 8(b) provides that Notes can be redeemed early for tax reasons. Unless in the case of any 
particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify otherwise, in the event that the Issuer would 
be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may (subject, in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, to the 
prior written approval of the Relevant Regulator (as defined in Condition 8(n)), to the extent required at 
such date), and in certain circumstances must, redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. In such circumstances, a Noteholder will be required to redeem their maturity 
date which may have a negative impact on a Noteholder's overall investment portfolio. 
(3) 
Risks relating to Notes that are MREL-eligible or intended to be MREL-eligible 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme that are intended to be MREL-eligible. As provided in 
Condition 9 (Taxation), if a withholding or deduction of taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
is required by the laws of France, the Issuer may not be required to gross-up payments in relation to 
principal if the Notes are MREL-eligible. Investors in Notes that are MREL-eligible or intended to be

--- Page 35 ---
28 
 
 
 
 
 
MREL-eligible may therefore be subject to withholding taxes in respect of payments of principal where the 
Issuer is not obliged to make gross-up payments and this would results in holders receiving less principal 
than expected and could adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
D. 
Risks relating to Senior Preferred Notes 
The risk factors relating to Senior Preferred Notes described below should be read together with the general 
risk factors relating to the Notes described above. 
There may be no events of default under the Senior Preferred Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes do not provide for events of default allowing for 
the acceleration of the Senior Preferred Notes if certain events occur unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under the Senior 
Preferred Notes, including the payment of any interest, Noteholders will not be able to accelerate the 
payment of principal under such Senior Preferred Notes, including the payment of any interest. Upon a 
payment default, the sole remedy available to holders of such Senior Preferred Notes for recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest will be the institution of proceedings to 
enforce such payment, which could be time-consuming and costly. This could result in significant delays 
in the payment of interest or principal in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any 
sum or sums earlier than such sum would otherwise have been payable.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Representative may, upon request of any holder of any Note, give notice 
to the Issuer that such Note is, and such Note shall accordingly immediately become, due and repayable at 
its Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 8(h)) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to the date of repayment, if any, in the event that an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for 
the liquidation (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) of the Issuer. 
If the events of default are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, holders of such Senior 
Preferred Notes may only give notice that such Senior Preferred Notes are immediately due and repayable 
in a limited number of circumstances. 
E. 
Risks relating to Senior Non Preferred Notes 
The risks factors relating to Senior Non Preferred Notes described below should be read together with the 
general risks factors relating to the Notes described above. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are new types of instruments for which there is a limited trading history 
Prior to the adoption of the law relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la 
modernisation de la vie économique on 9 November 2016 and its entry into force on 17 July 2017, French 
issuers were not able to issue securities with a senior non-preferred ranking. Accordingly, there is little 
trading history for securities of French banks with this ranking. Market participants, including credit rating 
agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks associated with senior non-preferred obligations. 
The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes may 
change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly 
volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and 
value of senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be lower than those 
expected by Noteholders at the time of issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. If so, Noteholders may 
incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non Preferred Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
29 
 
 
 
 
 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations. 
As a result, Holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes generally face an increased performance risk and 
default risk compared to holders of Senior Preferred Notes and other senior liabilities and an increased 
risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency or resolution 
In order to be eligible to satisfy the MREL (as defined below) of the Issuer, Senior Non Preferred Notes 
will be subordinated to existing senior debt and Senior Preferred Notes and bailed in before such senior 
debt in the event of resolution under the BRRD. As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes will be higher than the risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior Preferred Notes) 
and other senior liabilities (such as wholesale deposits). 
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Senior Non Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank (i) pari passu among 
themselves and with other Senior Non Preferred Obligations of the Issuer, (ii) senior to Ordinarily 
Subordinated Obligations and any other present or future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non 
Preferred Obligations, and (iii) junior to present and future claims benefiting from  preferred exceptions, 
including Senior Preferred Obligations. Senior Non Preferred Obligations issued by the Issuer are more 
fully described in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes and Subordination). 
Although Senior Non Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Preferred 
Notes which are not subordinated, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non Preferred Notes will 
lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD and 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes become subject to the application of the general bail-in tool (as defined 
below) or (ii) insolvent. Thus, such holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes face an increased performance 
risk compared to holders of Senior Preferred Obligations. 
If a judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) 
of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the Holders of 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subordinated to the payment in full of the senior preferred creditors of 
the Issuer and any other creditors that are senior to the Notes. In the event of incomplete payment of senior 
preferred creditors and other creditors ranking ahead of the claims of the holders of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the principal of the Senior Non Preferred Notes will 
be terminated. The Noteholders shall be responsible for taking all steps necessary for the orderly 
accomplishment of any collective proceedings or voluntary liquidation in relation to any claims they may 
have against the Issuer, which could be time-consuming and costly. 
The qualification of the Senior Non Preferred Notes as MREL-eligible is subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are intended to be eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in Condition 8(h)). The MREL framework was amended by BRRD2, notably in 
respect of the definition of eligible liabilities for the purposes of the MREL and this reform was recently 
implemented into French law. Assessment as to whether the Senior Non Preferred Notes would meet the 
new definitions may be subject to a review by the resolution authority. Therefore, the Issuer cannot provide 
any assurance that the Senior Non Preferred Notes will ultimately be MREL-eligible. If they are not MREL-
eligible (or if they initially are MREL-eligible and subsequently become ineligible due to a change in the 
applicable MREL Requirements (as defined in Condition 8(h)), then an MREL Disqualification Event will 
occur. 
Potential investors should note that the Issuer may redeem a Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes in whole, 
but not in part, at the applicable Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 37 ---
30 
 
 
 
 
 
The yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption amount of the Notes 
may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, the 
Noteholder may not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, Noteholders that choose 
to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a 
lower yield than the redeemed Notes.  
It is expected that the credit rating of Senior Non Preferred Notes by one or more credit rating agencies 
will be lower than the Issuer’s credit rating reflecting the increased risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's 
insolvency 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes, upon issue, are expected to be rated by one or more credit rating agencies 
with a rating lower than the Issuer’s credit rating, reflecting the increased risk of loss in the event of the 
Issuer's insolvency and the fact that they can be bailed-in before the Senior Preferred Notes in the event of 
resolution under the BRRD. As a result, Senior Non Preferred Notes are likely to be rated by one or more 
credit rating agencies with ratings similar to those usually seen for subordinated debt and as such may be 
subject to a higher risk of price volatility than the Senior Preferred Notes. 
In addition, the rating may change in the future depending on the assessment, by one or more credit rating 
agencies, of the impact on the different instrument classes resulting from the modified liability structure 
following the issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
There are no events of default under the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Non Preferred Notes do not provide for events of default allowing 
for the acceleration of such Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any 
obligations under such Notes, including the payment of any interest, Holders will not be able to accelerate 
the payment of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to holders of such Notes for 
the recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest on such Notes will be the 
institution of proceedings to enforce such payment, which could be time-consuming and costly. This could 
result in significant delays in the payment of interest or principal in respect of the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such 
proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable 
by it. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Representative may, upon request of any holder of any Note, give notice 
to the Issuer that such Note is, and such Note shall accordingly immediately become, due and repayable at 
its Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 8(h)) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to the date of repayment, if any, in the event that an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for 
the liquidation (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is not required to redeem Senior Non Preferred Notes in the case where a gross-up obligation 
is held to be illegal or unenforceable 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations in general, including those under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, are enforceable under French law. If any payment obligations under the Notes, 
including the obligations to pay additional amounts under Condition 9 (Taxation), are to be held illegal or 
unenforceable under French law, the Issuer will have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem the Notes. 
Accordingly, if the Issuer does not redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event as defined 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, holders of such Notes may receive less than the full amount due, 
and the market value of such Notes will be adversely affected.

--- Page 38 ---
31

--- Page 39 ---
32 
 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of such an investment in light of his or 
her own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets;  
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) 
Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase 
or pledge of any Notes.  
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as standalone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under the changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
Potential conflicts of interest 
All or some of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. All or some of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies with the Issuer and its affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer 
or the Issuer’s affiliates. All or some of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with

--- Page 40 ---
33 
 
 
 
 
 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.  
Inflation Linked Notes 
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken as an indication 
of future performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. Holders of Inflation 
Linked Notes are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the Inflation Indices may adversely affect 
the value of such Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE or Eurostat, 
as the case may be, and the INSEE and Eurostat make no warranty or representation whatsoever, express 
or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of any of the Inflation Indices and/or the 
figure at which such indices stand at any particular time. The Inflation Indices are determined, composed 
and calculated by the INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, without regard to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, are not responsible for or have not participated in the determination 
of the timing of, prices of, or quantities of the Inflation Linked Notes to be issued or in the determination 
or calculation of the interest payable under such Notes. 
Taxation 
Prospective investors and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the 
Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions; including the Issuer's jurisdiction of incorporation, which may 
have an impact on the income received from the Notes. No comment is made by, and no advice is given 
by, the Issuer or any Dealer in respect of taxation matters relating to the Notes and potential investors are 
advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, 
holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific 
situation of the prospective investor.

--- Page 41 ---
34 
 
 
 
 
 
CONSENT TO USE OF BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the context of any offer of Notes in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Republic of Italy, the 
Netherlands, Denmark, Germany, and/or any other jurisdiction of the EEA in which this Base Prospectus 
has been passported from time to time (the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions") that is not within an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation (a "Non-
exempt Offer"), the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each Member State for which it has given its consent 
referred to herein, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") to whom 
an offer of any Notes is made by any financial intermediary to whom it has given its consent to use this 
Base Prospectus (an "Authorised Offeror", as set out in the Final Terms or on the website of the Issuer as 
set out in the paragraph below), where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given 
and where the offer is made in the Member State for which that consent was given and is in compliance 
with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent.  However, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers 
have or take any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by 
an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes, the Issuer consents to the use of this 
Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of the relevant Notes during the Offer Period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") either (1) in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms by any financial intermediary which is authorised to make such offers 
under EU MiFID II and which satisfies any conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms or (2) by the 
financial intermediaries, in the relevant Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction and subject to the relevant 
conditions, in each case specified in the relevant Final Terms, for so long as they are authorised to make 
such offers under EU MiFID II. The Issuer may give consent to additional financial intermediaries after the 
date of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, the Issuer will publish the above information in relation 
to them on https://www.rcibs.com/en/finance. Such consent shall not extend beyond twelve months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Any Authorised Offeror who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt 
Offer as set out in (1) above is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on 
its website that it is using this Base Prospectus (and all the existing amendments and supplements 
thereto) for such Non-exempt Offer in accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the conditions 
attached thereto. 
To the extent specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Non-exempt Offer may be made during the relevant 
Offer Period by any of the Issuer, the Dealers or any relevant Authorised Offeror in any relevant Member 
State and subject to any relevant conditions, in each case all as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-
exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with its offer of any Notes. Any such Non-exempt Offers are not made on behalf 
of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers 
or Authorised Offerors has, or takes, any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making 
such Non-exempt Offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance 
with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor 
including as to price, allocation and settlement arrangements (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-
exempt Offer"). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than

--- Page 42 ---
35 
 
 
 
 
 
Dealers) in connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and 
any Final Terms will not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt 
Offer shall be published by that Authorised Offeror on its website at the relevant time. None of the 
Issuer, any of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such 
information.

--- Page 43 ---
36 
 
 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which 
have been previously published and have been filed with the AMF for the purpose of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, and shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
• 
the Issuer's English version of its half-year Pillar 3 Disclosure 2021 (the "Half-Year Pillar 3 
Disclosure 2021") (https://www.rcibs.com/sites/default/files/pillar_3_disclosures_2021-06-
30_amended_version_dated_2021-10-04.pdf);  
• 
the Issuer's English version of its half year Financial Report 2021 (the "Half Year Financial 
Report 
2021") 
(https://www.rcibs.com/sites/default/files/2021_rci_banque_half-
yearly_financial_report.pdf); 
• 
the Issuer's English version of its Annual Report 2020 (the "Annual Report 2020"). The Annual 
Report 2020 includes the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 
(https://www.rcibs.com/sites/default/files/rci2020_rci_banque_ra_en_21_04_07_mel_v2.pdf); 
• 
the Issuer's English version of its Annual Report 2019 (the "Annual Report 2019"). The Annual 
Report 2019 includes the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 
(https://www.rcibs.com/sites/default/files/rci2019_ra_en_vbat_mel_20_04_28.pdf); 
• 
the terms and conditions contained on pages 42 to 90 of the Base Prospectus dated 12 October 
2020, 
as 
granted 
approval 
no. 
20-503 
by 
the 
AMF 
on 
12 
October 
2020 
(https://www.rcibs.com/sites/default/files/rci_banque_-_emtn_update_2020_-
_base_prospectus_final_version_with_approval_number_257204-4-40_v0.1.pdf) 
• 
the terms and conditions contained on pages 37 to 85 of the Base Prospectus dated 3 September 
2018, 
as 
granted 
approval 
no. 
19-426 
by 
the 
AMF 
on 
5 
September 
2019 
(https://www.rcibs.com/sites/default/files/emtn_2019_base_prospectus_visa_amf_0.pdf); 
• 
the terms and conditions contained on pages 98 to 140 of the Base Prospectus dated 3 September 
2018, 
as 
granted 
approval 
no. 
18-410 
by 
the 
AMF 
on 
3 
September 
2018 
(https://www.rcibs.com/sites/default/files/rci_banque_-_emtn_update_2018_-
_base_prospectus_final_with_visa_0.pdf); 
• 
the terms and conditions contained on pages 97 to 138 of the Base Prospectus dated 5 September 
2017, 
as 
granted 
approval 
no. 
17-457 
by 
the 
AMF 
on 
5 
September 
2017 
(https://www.rcibs.com/sites/default/files/emtn_2017_base_prospectus_final_0.pdf); 
• 
the terms and conditions contained on pages 73 to 119 of the Base Prospectus dated 31 August 
2016, 
as 
granted 
approval 
no. 
16-406 
by 
the 
AMF 
on 
31 
August 
2016 
(https://www.rcibs.com/sites/default/files/rci_banque_emtn_update_2016_-
_base_prospectus_final_with_visa_1.pdf); 
• 
the terms and conditions contained on pages 64 to 108 of the Base Prospectus dated 28 August 
2015, 
as 
granted 
approval 
no. 
15-458 
by 
the 
AMF 
on 
28 
August 
2015 
(https://www.rcibs.com/sites/default/files/rci_banque_-_emtn_update_2015_-
_prospectus_final.pdf); and 
• 
the terms and conditions contained on pages 59 to 103 of the Base Prospectus dated 1 September 
2014, 
as 
granted 
approval 
no. 
14-473 
by 
the 
AMF 
on 
1 
September 
2014 
(https://www.rcibs.com/sites/default/files/rci_banque_-_emtn_update_2014_-
_base_prospectus_0.pdf).

--- Page 44 ---
37 
 
 
 
 
 
For as long as any Notes are outstanding, this Base Prospectus (including any supplements thereto) and all 
documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained, free of charge, (i) at the 
office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents set out at the end of this Base Prospectus during normal 
business hours, (ii) at the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours, and (iii) on the 
website of the Issuer (www.rcibs.com). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to 
the Issuer at its principal office set out at the end of this Base Prospectus (for the attention of the Finance 
Director).  
This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will also be published on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org). The Final Terms related to Notes will be published on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.rcibs.com/en/finance/debt-prospectus-and-programmes). If the Notes are listed and admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether 
additional methods of publication are required and what they consist of. 
The information on the website of the Issuer, or on any other website referred to herein or therein, does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Statements contained in any such supplement shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference are either not relevant for investors 
or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 45 ---
38 
 
 
 
 
 
Information Incorporated by Reference  
Rule 
Commission Delegation Regulation 
2019/980  – Part of Annex 6 
Document 
incorporated by 
reference 
Page(s) 
(Cross-references to 
the Half-Year 
Financial Report 
2021 are to the page 
numbers of the PDF 
document) 
4.  
INFORMATION ABOUT THE 
ISSUER 
 
 
4.1. 
History and development of the Issuer 
 
 
4.1.1. 
The legal and commercial name of the 
Issuer 
Annual Report 2020  
188 
4.1.2. 
The place of registration of the Issuer, its 
registration number and legal entity 
identifier ('LEI') 
4.1.3. 
The date of incorporation and the length 
of life of the Issuer, except where the 
period is indefinite 
4.1.4. 
The domicile and legal form of the 
Issuer, the legislation under which the 
Issuer 
operates, 
its 
country 
of 
incorporation, the address,  telephone 
number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different 
from its registered office) and website of 
the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that 
the information on the website does not 
form part of the prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference 
in the prospectus 
4.1.7 
Information on the material changes in 
the Issuer's borrowing and funding 
structure since the last financial year 
Annual Report 2020  
 
143; 155-157 
4.1.8 
Description of the expected financing of 
the Issuer's activities 
Annual Report 2020 
 
Half-Year Financial  
Report 2021 
13-15 
 
 
10-11 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the Issuer's 
principal activities, including: 
(a) the main categories of products sold 
and/or services performed; 
(b) an indication of any significant new 
products or activities; 
(c) the principal markets in which the 
Issuer competes.  
Annual Report 2020 
 
 
Half-Year Financial  
Report 2021 
 
Half-Year Pillar 3 
Disclosure 2021 
 8-11; 17-102; 180-
181; 188 
 
 
7-8 
 
1-53 
 
5.2 
The basis for any statements made by the 
Issuer regarding its competitive position 
Annual Report 2020 
 
8-11

--- Page 46 ---
39 
 
 
 
 
 
6.  
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
 
6.1. 
If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the Issuer's 
position within the group. This may be in 
the form of, or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the structure 
Annual Report 2020 
 
2-3; 190-191 
6.2. 
If the Issuer is dependent upon other 
entities within the group, this must be 
clearly 
stated 
together 
with 
an 
explanation of this dependence 
Annual Report 2020 
 
190 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
9.1. 
Names, business addresses and functions 
within the Issuer of the following 
persons and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside of 
that Issuer where these are significant 
with respect to that Issuer: 
(a) members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies; 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in 
the case of a limited partnership with a 
share capital. 
Annual Report 2020 
22-24 
 
 
 
 
 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
10.1. 
To the extent known to the Issuer, state 
whether the Issuer is directly or 
indirectly owned or controlled and by 
whom, and describe the nature of such 
control, and describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such control is not 
abused 
Annual Report 2020 
190 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S 
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
 
11.1. 
Historical Financial Information 
 
 
 
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information 
covering the latest two financial years (or 
such shorter period as the Issuer has been 
in operation), and the audit report in 
respect of each year 
 
Annual Report 2020 
 
Annual Report 2019 
 
 
13-15; 116-185 
 
11-13; 108-173 
11.1.3 
Accounting Standards  
 
The financial information must be 
prepared according to International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
as 
endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
Annual Report 2020 
 
Annual Report 2019 
 
 
Half-Year Financial 
Report 2021 
130-140 
  
120-131 
 
 
23-60

--- Page 47 ---
40 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11.1.6 
Consolidated financial statements 
If the Issuer prepares both stand-alone 
and consolidated financial statements, 
include at least the consolidated financial 
statements in the registration document. 
Annual Report 2020 
 
Annual Report 2019 
 
Half-Year Financial 
Report 2021 
116-185 
 
108-173 
 
17-22 
11.1.7 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of 
audited financial information statements 
may not be older than 18 months from 
the date of the registration document.  
Annual Report 2020 
 
122 
11.2 
Interim and other financial information 
 
 
11.2.1 
If the Issuer has published quarterly or 
half yearly financial information since 
the date of its last audited financial 
statements, these must be included in the 
registration document. If the quarterly or 
half yearly financial information has 
been reviewed or audited, the audit or 
review report must also be included. If 
the quarterly or half yearly financial 
information is not audited or has not been 
reviewed state that fact.  
If the registration document is dated 
more than nine months after the date of 
the last audited financial statements, it 
must 
contain 
interim 
financial 
information, which may be unaudited (in 
which case that fact must be stated) 
covering at least the first six months of 
the financial year.  
Interim financial information prepared in 
accordance with either the requirements 
of 
the 
Directive 
2013/34/EU 
or 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as the 
case may be.  
For issuers not subject to either Directive 
2013/34/EU or Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002, 
the 
interim 
financial 
information must include comparative 
statements for the same period in the 
prior financial year, except that the 
requirement for comparative balance 
sheet information may be satisfied by 
presenting the year's end balance sheet.  
 
Half-Year Financial 
Report 2021 
1-60 
11.3 
Auditing of historical annual financial 
information  
 
 
11.3.1 
The 
historical 
annual 
financial 
information must be independently 
audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with Directive 
Annual Report 2020 
 
Annual Report 2019 
 
118-121 
 
110-113

--- Page 48 ---
41 
 
 
 
 
 
2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014. 
Where 
Directive 
2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do not 
apply, 
the 
historical 
financial 
information must be audited or reported 
on as to whether or not, for the purposes 
of the registration document, it gives a 
true and fair view in accordance with 
auditing standards applicable in a 
Member State or an equivalent standard. 
11.3.1a 
Where audit reports on the historical 
financial information have been refused 
by the statutory auditors or where they 
contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of 
matter, the reason must be given, and 
such 
qualifications, 
modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of matter must 
be reproduced in full.  
Annual Report 2019  
110 
12 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
12.1 
Share capital  
The amount of the issued capital, the 
number and classes of the shares of 
which it is composed with details of their 
principal characteristics, the part of the 
issued capital still to be paid up with an 
indication of the number, or total 
nominal value and the type of the shares 
not yet fully paid up, broken down where 
applicable according to the extent to 
which they have been paid up.  
Annual Report 2020 
190 
12.2 
Memorandum 
and 
Articles 
of 
Association 
The register and the entry number 
therein, if applicable, and a description 
of the issuer's objects and purposes and 
where they can be found in the 
memorandum and articles of association. 
Annual Report 2020 
188

--- Page 49 ---
42 
 
 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or a further Base Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed 
and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market of a Member State of the EEA or offer 
to the public in a Member State of the EEA, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the 
purpose of the relevant provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, where the Notes are 
offered to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any 
supplement is published have the right, exercisable within three (3) working days after the publication of 
such supplement, to withdraw their acceptance provided that the significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before 
the closing of the offer period or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs first. The period may be 
extended by the Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal 
shall be stated in the supplement.

--- Page 50 ---
43 
 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion by the relevant Final Terms, 
shall be applicable to the Notes. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In 
the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to 
simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed or attached on Definitive 
Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by RCI Banque (the "Issuer") with the benefit of an agency agreement dated 10 
November 2021 between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent (the "Agency Agreement"). 
The fiscal agent, the paying agent, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying 
Agents", the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent" and the "Calculation Agent(s)". 
The Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, Inflation Linked Notes 
or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest/Redemption/Payment Basis shown 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes may also be Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes may pay a rate of interest (the "Rate of 
Interest") as specified in the applicable Final Terms and calculated in accordance with Condition 6 
(Interest) below. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set out in the Final Terms to this Base Prospectus (the "Final 
Terms"). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). As used 
herein, "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
are expressed to be consolidated (assimilées) and form a single series and are identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except that the Issue Price, Issue Date, Interest Commencement Date (if any) and/or 
the amount of the first payment of interest (if any) may be different in respect of different Tranches. 
A copy of the Agency Agreement is available for inspection and the Final Terms applicable to the Notes 
are available free of charge during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents, save that the relevant Final Terms in relation to an unlisted Note will only be available for 
inspection by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and as to its identity. The 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to 
the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the relevant Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the relevant Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise

--- Page 51 ---
44 
 
 
 
 
 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms will prevail. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), as defined in the Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
(a) 
Form: 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles 
L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book 
entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including 
certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of 
Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall 
credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in 
either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the 
books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of 
Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent (designated in 
the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration 
Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised 
intermediary institution entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf 
of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with coupons (each, a "Coupon") and, where 
appropriate, a talon (a "Talon") attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier, securities (such as the Notes) which are governed by French law and 
are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Specified Denomination(s)") save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 will be €1,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the

--- Page 52 ---
45 
 
 
 
 
 
issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency). Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified 
Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer 
in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes 
may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall 
pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder of any Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be 
and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing 
on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "holder of Notes" or "holder of any Note", or "Noteholder" 
means (a) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the individual or entity whose 
name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (b) in 
the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and 
the Coupons ("Couponholder" being construed accordingly), or Talon relating 
to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
CONVERSION AND EXCHANGES OF NOTES 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not 
be converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, 
whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may 
not be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at 
the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option 
by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the 
cost of such Noteholder.

--- Page 53 ---
46 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND SUBORDINATION 
(a) 
Status 
If the Notes are "Senior Preferred Notes", the Notes will be Senior Preferred Obligations and the 
Notes and (if applicable) the relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to the 
provisions of the negative pledge), unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank and will 
at all times rank: 
(A) 
pari passu, without any preference or priority by reason of date of issue, currency of 
payment or otherwise, among themselves and, subject to such exceptions as are from time 
to time mandatory under the laws of France, with all other Senior Preferred Obligations 
including any outstanding issuances of senior Notes under the Programme; 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from other preferred exceptions. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation amiable 
ou liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar proceedings 
affecting the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Senior Preferred Notes rank: 
(A) 
junior to present  and  future  claims benefiting from  other preferred exceptions; and 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations and Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations. 
If the Notes are "Senior Non Preferred Notes", the Notes will be Senior Non Preferred 
Obligations and the Notes and (if applicable) the relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional 
and unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank: 
(A) 
pari passu, without any preference or priority by reason of date of issue, currency of 
payment or otherwise, among themselves and, subject to such exceptions as are from time 
to time mandatory under the laws of France, with all other Senior Non Preferred 
Obligations; 
(B) 
senior to Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations and any other present or future claims 
otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from preferred exceptions including Senior 
Preferred Obligations. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation amiable 
ou liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar proceedings 
affecting the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
rank: 
(A) 
junior to Senior Preferred Obligations; and 
(B) 
senior to Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations and any other present or future claims 
otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations. 
"Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations" means any subordinated obligations or other instruments 
issued by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu among themselves, and

--- Page 54 ---
47 
 
 
 
 
 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in priority 
to prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super subordonnés", i.e. engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang). 
"Senior Preferred Obligations" means any senior obligations (including the Senior Preferred 
Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the Issuer, which fall or are expressed to fall within the 
category of obligations described in article L. 613-30-3–I-3°. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. 
"Senior Non Preferred Obligations" means any senior (chirographaires) obligations (including 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the Issuer, which fall or are 
expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in articles L. 613-30-3–I- 4° and 
R. 613-28 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
No set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no holder of any Notes and no holder of Coupons related thereto may 
exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount 
owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Notes or the 
Coupons related thereto and each holder of Notes and each holder of Coupons related thereto shall, 
by virtue of its holding of any Note or Coupon related thereto, be deemed to have waived all such 
right of set-off, compensation or retention. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any 
mortgage, pledge, lien or other charge or other security interest upon the whole or any part of its 
assets, present or future, to secure any present or future Indebtedness issued by the Issuer or any 
guarantee given by the Issuer in respect of any Indebtedness, unless the Notes are equally and 
rateably secured, so as to rank pari passu with such Indebtedness, provided that the Issuer may (i) 
grant such security interest in respect of an aggregate amount or amounts not representing 20 per 
cent. or more of the total assets of the Issuer as disclosed in the most recent audited financial 
statements of the Issuer and/or (ii) grant such security interest over a segregated pool of assets in 
respect of Indebtedness issued by the Issuer in the form of covered bonds. 
This Condition does not apply to Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
In these Conditions, "Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, 
bonds, notes, debentures or other securities which are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed, or 
ordinarily trade on any stock exchange. 
5. 
REDENOMINATION 
(a) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in Part A, Item 28 of the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders, on giving prior notice to the Redenomination Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream 
and at least 30 calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes 
shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination 
of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the nominal amount 
of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established 
Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Redenomination

--- Page 55 ---
48 
 
 
 
 
 
Agent, that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination in euro of 
internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, such 
provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the 
Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with sub-
paragraph (iii) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, 
in respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the 
amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to Notes) will become void with effect from 
the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that replacement euro-
denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such 
securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The payment 
obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become void on that 
date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange 
obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be 
issued in exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency in such manner as the Redenomination Agent may specify and as shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 
15 calendar days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(iv) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a 
euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(v) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, or if different, the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention; 
(vi) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any relevant 
changes to the provisions relating to interest. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of 
the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by 
the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 5(a) above and which falls

--- Page 56 ---
49 
 
 
 
 
 
on or after the date on which the country of Specified Currency first participates in the third stage 
of European economic and monetary union; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
6. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) 
of Interest so specified payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and 
on the Maturity Date so specified if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The 
first payment of interest will be made on the Interest Payment Date next following the 
Interest Commencement Date and will amount to the Initial Broken Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms if the first anniversary of the Interest Commencement Date is 
not an Interest Payment Date, or the Fixed Coupon Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms if the first anniversary of the Interest Commencement Date is an Interest 
Payment Date. If the Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment Date, interest from, and 
including, the preceding Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date, as 
the case may be) to, but excluding, the Maturity Date will amount to the Final Broken 
Amount. The amount of interest to be paid on the Interest Payment Date for a regular 
period of interest (that is, a period of ending on an Interest Payment Date) shall be the 
Fixed Coupon Amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an Interest Payment 
Date, such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate(s) of Interest to each Specified 
Denomination, or if different, the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
In these Conditions: 
"Day Count Fraction" means: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 57 ---
50 
 
 
 
 
 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; and 
(iii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such 
number of days being calculated on the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 
360; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to 
but excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and each Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its 
nominal amount from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year (the period from, and including, 
the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest 
Payment Date and each successive period from, and including, an Interest 
Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date each 
being an "Interest Period"); or 
(B) 
if no express Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls 
the number of months or other period specified as the Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
If a business day convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) 
there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the business day 
convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (1) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (bb) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (2) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (aa) such Interest Payment Date

--- Page 58 ---
51 
 
 
 
 
 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(bb) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions: 
"Business Day" means: 
(A) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open and a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business in 
any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(B) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than any Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared 
platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall consist of any applicable margin 
specified in the relevant Final Terms plus the relevant rate of interest) shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined

--- Page 59 ---
52 
 
 
 
 
 
by the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for the swap transaction under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Agent under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2000 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (1) if the applicable Floating 
Rate Option is based on the London interbank offered rate 
("LIBOR") or on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate 
("EURIBOR") for a currency, the first day of that Interest 
Period or (2) in any other case, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset 
Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
When this sub-paragraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest 
Period the Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under 
Condition 6(v) in respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest if it 
has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in 
the manner provided in this sub-paragraph (A). 
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (A), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
FBF Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
(2) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate (Taux 
Variable)", 
"Calculation 
Agent 
(Agent)", 
"Floating 
Rate

--- Page 60 ---
53 
 
 
 
 
 
Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable)" and 
"Transaction (Transaction)" have the meanings given to those terms in 
the FBF Definitions, provided that Euribor means the rate calculated for 
deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more 
fully described in the relevant Final Terms. "FBF Definitions" means the 
definitions set out in the 2007 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the 
Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) as published by the 
Fédération 
Bancaire 
Française 
(together 
the 
"FBF 
Master 
Agreement"), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) LIBOR OR EURIBOR 
(i) Where "Screen Rate Determination – IBOR" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be either: 
(x) 
the offered quotation; or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page 
as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in 
the case of EURIBOR) on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(ii) If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of (i)(x) 
above, no such quotation appears or, in the case of (i)(y) above, fewer 
than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time 
specified in the preceding paragraph the Calculation Agent shall request 
the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified 
Currency, for the relevant Interest Period to leading banks in the London 
inter-bank market at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or, in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time), as the case may be, on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period

--- Page 61 ---
54 
 
 
 
 
 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal 
place with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, 
at which such banks were offered, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London 
time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the London 
inter-bank market or in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may 
be, plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
the relevant Interest Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period, which, on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent suitable for such purpose) informs 
the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-
bank market or in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, 
(or, as the case may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the 
Calculation Agent) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the most recent 
date upon which rates could have been determined in accordance with the 
above provisions or, failing which, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the Rate of Interest applicable to the last preceding Interest 
Period.  
(2) SONIA 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate 
is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for 
each Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with Condition 
6(b)(ii)(C)(2)(A) or 6(b)(ii)(C)(2)(B) below subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6(b)(ii)(C)(2)(D). 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of 
Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period 
will be the Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as

--- Page 62 ---
55 
 
 
 
 
 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of 
Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period 
will be the Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
as 
applicable, 
on 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 6(b)(ii)(C)(2): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
as 
applicable, 
on 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"do" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
London Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Business Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling at the end of such Interest Period;

--- Page 63 ---
56 
 
 
 
 
 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five London Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such London 
Business Day i up to (but excluding) the following London 
Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the period from (and including) the date 
falling p London Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date 
which is p London Business Days prior to the Interest Period 
End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period that is not a London Business Day 
falling in the Lockout Period; 
"SONIA i" means, in respect of a London Business Day i: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the SONIA Rate in 
respect of pLBD in respect of such London Business 
Day i; or  
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Business Day i 
that is a Reference Day, the SONIA Rate in 
respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference 
Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding the 
Interest Determination Date for the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a London 
Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of the London

--- Page 64 ---
57 
 
 
 
 
 
Business Day falling p London Business Days prior 
to such London Business Day i ("pLBD"); or 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a London Business 
Day i, SONIA i in respect of such London Business Day i. 
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London Business 
Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight 
Index Average rate for such London Business Day, as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Business Day immediately following such London 
Business Day; and 
"Weighted Average SONIA" means: 
(x) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA 
Rate in respect of each calendar day during the 
relevant Observation Lookback Period divided by 
the number of calendar days during such 
Observation Lookback Period. For these purposes, 
the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day 
which is not a London Business Day shall be deemed 
to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar 
day; or  
(y) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the 
SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day during 
the relevant Interest Period divided by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, 
provided that, for any calendar day of such Interest 
Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar 
day will be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect 
of the London Business Day immediately preceding 
the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these 
purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar 
day which is not a London Business Day shall, 
subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(D) 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page (and has not

--- Page 65 ---
58 
 
 
 
 
 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors), such SONIA Rate shall be: 
(x) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at the close of business on the 
relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads); or  
(y) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the immediately preceding London Business Day on 
which the SONIA Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors), and  
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such 
London Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of 
England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate is 
to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
Rate, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall, subject to receiving written instructions 
from the Issuer and to the extent reasonably practicable, 
follow such guidance to determine the SONIA Rate for so 
long as the SONIA Rate is not available or has not been 
published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
or Rate, as applicable, shall be (i) that determined as at the 
immediately preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relation to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, which would have 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period

--- Page 66 ---
59 
 
 
 
 
 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (subject to the 
application of the relevant Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period). 
(3) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (C)(1)(ii), (C)(1)(iii) and (C)(2) 
above, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent) determines at any time prior to any Interest 
Determination Date, that the relevant Reference Rate has been 
discontinued or a Reference Rate Fallback Event has 
occurred, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for 
the relevant Reference Rate, an alternative reference rate 
determined by the Issuer to be the alternative reference rate 
selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution (including any committee or 
working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the 
Specified Currency (each a "Relevant Nominating Body") 
specified in the relevant Final Terms that is consistent with 
industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more 
alternative reference rates are selected by the Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) shall determine which of those alternative 
rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of 
the relevant Notes. If the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) is unable to determine such an alternative 
reference rate, it will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in 
any event before the Business Day prior to the applicable 
Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent (the 
"Reference Rate Determination Agent"), which will 
determine whether a substitute or successor rate, which is 
substantially comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, is 
available for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate 
on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after the date 
of such determination. If the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent determines that there is an industry accepted successor 
rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the 
Calculation Agent of such successor rate to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to determine the Rate of Interest. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such rate, the 
"Replacement Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after 
such determination:  
(a)  
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will also determine the 
changes (if any) required to the applicable Business Day

--- Page 67 ---
60 
 
 
 
 
 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest 
Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method 
for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, including any 
adjustment needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, including, where 
applicable, to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing 
such exposure to the Replacement Reference Rate, in each case 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
Replacement Reference Rate;  
(b)  
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions will be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Reference 
Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate 
as described in (ii) above;  
(c)  
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer 
of the Replacement Reference Rate and the details described in 
(a) above, as soon as reasonably practicable; and  
(d)  
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 of the Replacement Reference Rate and of the 
details described in (a) above as soon as reasonably practicable 
but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the 
Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination 
Date.  
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other 
matters referred to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent and the Noteholders, unless the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent determines at a later date that the Replacement 
Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Reference 
Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which 
case the Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate 
Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the 
original Reference Rate Determination Agent) for the purpose of 
confirming the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as described above. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does 
not determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the 
Replacement Reference Rate will remain unchanged.  
If (x) a Reference Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Issuer 
and such Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that the 
relevant Reference Rate has been discontinued but for any reason a 
Replacement Reference Rate has not been determined or (y) the Issuer 
determines that the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate or any other amendment to the Conditions 
necessary to implement such replacement would, in the case of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes where "Prior approval

--- Page 68 ---
61 
 
 
 
 
 
of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, result in (a) all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of such Series of Notes being excluded from the eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (however called or 
defined by then applicable regulations) or (b) the Relevant Regulator 
considering such replacement or amendment as an incentive to redeem 
the Notes and therefore treating any future Interest Payment Date as the 
effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the Maturity Date, the 
Issuer may decide that no Replacement Reference Rate or any other 
successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be 
adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period in such 
case will be equal to the last relevant Reference Rate available on the 
Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent (in 
consultation with the Issuer).  
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank, 
broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency as appointed by (i) the Issuer; (ii) an affiliate of the 
Issuer; or (iii) such other entity that the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines to be competent to carry out such role. 
In these Conditions: 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of (ii) above those banks whose 
offered rates were used to determine such quotation when such quotation 
last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page and, in the case of (iii) above, 
those banks whose offered quotations last appeared on the Relevant 
Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
"Reference Rate" shall mean the reference rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"Reference Rate Fallback Event" means, in relation to any Reference 
Rate, any of the following, as determined by the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent): 
(i) 
the Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published 
for a period of at least six (6) consecutive Business Days or 
having been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information 
(provided that, at the time of any such event, there is no 
successor administrator that will provide the Reference Rate) 
by or on behalf of (i) the administrator of the Reference Rate 
or (ii) the supervisor, insolvency official, resolution authority, 
central bank or competent court having jurisdiction over such 
administrator stating that (x) the administrator has ceased or 
will cease permanently or indefinitely to provide the 
Reference Rate, (y) the Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued or is or will be no 
longer representative of an underlying market, or (z) the 
Reference Rate has been or will be prohibited from being used

--- Page 69 ---
62 
 
 
 
 
 
or that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally, or in respect of the 
Notes, provided that, if such public statement or publication 
mentions that the event or circumstance referred to in (x), (y) 
or (z) above will occur on a date falling later than three (3) 
months after the relevant public statement or publication, the 
Reference Rate Fallback Event shall be deemed to occur on 
the date falling three (3) months prior to such specified date 
(and not the date of the relevant public statement); 
(iii) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable), become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or 
any other party responsible for determining the Reference 
Rate to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Reference Rate; or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information 
that any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register in respect of the Reference Rate, or the administrator 
of the Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or 
has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or 
withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the use 
of the Reference Rate is not or will not be permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation, such that the Calculation Agent 
or any other party responsible for determining the Reference 
Rate, is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the 
Notes.  
A change in the methodology of the Reference Rate shall not, absent the 
occurrence of one of the above, be deemed a Reference Rate Fallback 
Event. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes 
(1) 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in 
metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (the "INSEE) ("CPI") is specified as the 
Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 6(b)(iii)(A) shall apply.  Terms 
defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 
6(b)(iii)(A) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the 
"CPI Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(A) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
"Interest Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate 
the Inflation Index Ratio.

--- Page 70 ---
63 
 
 
 
 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(b)(iii)(A), the "Inflation Index 
Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest 
Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the 
base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms 
(the 
"Base 
Reference"). 
Notwithstanding 
Condition 
6(b)(xii)(C), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up). 
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the 
first day of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the 
third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) 
(other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M-3) and the 
second month preceding such month (M-2) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
 
With: 
"NDM”: number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2: price index of month M-2; 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-3: price index of month M-3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 6(b)(xii)(C), the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence Française du Trésor Reuters Screen page 
OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRESOR <Go> pages and on 
the website www.aft.gouv.fr.  In the case of doubt in the interpretation 
of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such 
methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by 
the French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor 
indexées sur l'inflation. 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" refers to the definitive consumer 
price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the INSEE as such 
index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(
)
3
M
2
M
M
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
ND
1
D
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
−
−
−
−

−
+

--- Page 71 ---
64 
 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
The calculation method described in (III) below is based on the 
recommendation issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire — www.cnofrance.org) in its December 
2010 Paper entitled "Inflation Indexed Notes" (Obligations et autres 
instruments de taux d'intérét en euro, Normes et usages des marchés de 
capitaux — Chapitre II: Les obligations indexées sur l'inflation).  In the 
case of any conflict between the calculation method provided below and 
the calculation method provided by the French Bond Association 
(Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method 
provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire) shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the 
rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(C) 
 
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the 
"Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(I) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice 
provisoire) has already been published, such index 
shall automatically be used as the Substitute CPI 
Monthly Reference Index.  Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under the 
heading "indice de substitution".  Once the definitive 
CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, it would 
automatically apply from the day following its release 
to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(II) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the 
basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as 
set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly Reference Indexes which 
have been calculated on a different basis will be chained on the 
basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index of the last 
year of joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year.

--- Page 72 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
 
Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the 
following equation: 
 
Such that: 
 
(2) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the 
rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated 
and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") is specified as the Index in the 
relevant Final Terms, this Condition 6(b)(iii)(B) hall apply.  Terms defined herein 
shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 6(b)(iii)B shall 
apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the 
"HICP Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(A) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
"Interest Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(b)(iii)(B), the "Inflation Index Ratio 
or IIR" is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
(as defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the 
redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined 
as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) (the 
"Base Reference") applicable on the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  Notwithstanding Condition 6(b)(xii)(C), the IIR will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up). 
"HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the 
first day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the 
third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other 
than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear interpolation of the 
HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third 
month preceding such month (M-3) and the second month preceding 
such month (M-2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
 
With: 
basis
previous
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
basis
new
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Key =
Key
X
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
D
Date
Basis
Previous
D
Date
Basis
New
=
(
)
3
M
2
M
M
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
ND
1
D
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
−
−
−
−

−
+

--- Page 73 ---
66 
 
 
 
 
 
"NDM”: number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2: price index of month M-2; 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3: price index of month M-3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 6(b)(xii)(C), the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence Française du Trésor Reuters Screen page 
OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr and on Bloomberg page 
TRESOR. 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" refers to the harmonised index of 
consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in 
the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and 
published by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced from 
time to time as provided herein. 
(B) 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the 
rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(C) 
 
(1) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a 
timely manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the 
"Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has 
already been published by Eurostat, such index shall 
automatically be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index.  Once the definitive HICP Monthly 
Reference Index is released, it would automatically 
apply from the day following its release to all 
calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the 
basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as 
set out in the following formula:

--- Page 74 ---
67 
 
 
 
 
 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two HICP 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis will 
be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference Index of the 
last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year.  Such chaining will be 
carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
 
Such that: 
 
(iv) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate and/or Rate Multiplier 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than 
such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Minimum Interest Rate. If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum 
Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Rate Multiplier for any Interest Period, 
then the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period shall be multiplied 
by the relevant Rate Multiplier, subject always to the Minimum and/or Maximum 
Rate of Interest as described above. 
If n/N or nb/Nb is specified as the Rate Multiplier in the applicable Final Terms 
the following definitions shall apply, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
"Benchmark" means, in respect of any calendar day (in respect of the definition 
of n) or, as applicable, Business Day (in respect of the definition of nb) of an 
Interest Period, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
• 
if USD-LIBOR is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final 
Terms, the rate for deposits in United States dollars which is defined for 
such day under, and shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with, the Floating Rate Option "USD-LIBOR-BBA" (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period (Designated Maturity) 
specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date), except 
basis
previous
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
basis
new
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Key =
Key
X
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
D
Date
Basis
Previous
D
Date
Basis
New
=

--- Page 75 ---
68 
 
 
 
 
 
that the screen page for the Benchmark will be the Reuters page 
LIBOR01; 
• 
if EURIBOR is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final 
Terms, the rate for deposits in euro which is defined for such day under, 
and shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with, the 
Floating Rate Option "EUR-EURIBOR-Telerate" (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) for a period (Designated Maturity) specified in the 
Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date), except that the screen 
page for the Benchmark will be the Reuters page EURIBOR01; 
• 
if EUR-CMS is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final 
Terms, the annual swap rate for a euro denominated interest swap 
transaction which is defined for such day under, and shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with, the Floating Rate Option 
"EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11.00" (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) for a period ("Designated Maturity") specified in the Final 
Terms (without reference to any Reset Date), and appearing for the 
purpose of information only on Reuters Page "ICESWAP2" as at 
11.00 a.m. (Frankfurt time); or 
• 
if USD-CMS is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final 
Terms, the annual swap rate for a United States dollar denominated 
interest swap transaction which is defined for such day under, and shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with, the Floating 
Rate Option "USD-ISDA-Swap Rate" (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) for a period ("Designated Maturity") specified in the Final 
Terms (without reference to any Reset Date), and appearing for the 
purpose of information only on Reuters page "ICESWAP1" as at 11.00 
a.m. (New York time); 
For the purposes hereof the value of the Benchmark on any calendar day of a 
relevant Interest Period which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be (i) 
such value ascribed to the Benchmark on the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (ii) the value of the Benchmark on each of the last four Business Days 
of any Interest Period shall be deemed to be such value ascribed to the Benchmark 
on the fifth Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such 
Interest Period. 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" means, in respect of an Interest Period, such 
minimum rate of interest specified in Part A, Item 15(l) of the applicable Final 
Terms. Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Minimum Rate or Interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
shall include any applicable margin specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall 
be deemed equal to zero. 
n means the number of calendar days in a specified Interest Period on which the 
Benchmark has been equal to or greater than the Minimum Rate of Interest and 
equal to or lower than the Maximum Rate of Interest, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
N means the total number of calendar days within an Interest Period. 
nb means the number of Business Days in a specified Interest Period on which the 
Benchmark has been equal to or greater than the Minimum Rate of Interest and

--- Page 76 ---
69 
 
 
 
 
 
equal to or lower than the Maximum Rate of Interest, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Nb means the total number of Business Days within an Interest Period. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means, in respect of an Interest Period, such 
maximum rate of interest specified in Part A, Item 15(m) of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, will, at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
on the Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination, or if 
different, the Calculation Amount, for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified 
Denomination, or if different, the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Floating Day Count Fraction specified in Part A, Item 15(m) of the 
applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
"Floating Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount 
of interest for any Interest Period: 
(a) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/365 (FBF)" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if "Actual/Actual (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during 
such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls 
within the Interest Period). If the Interest Period is of a duration of more 
than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the 
last day of the Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant 
period calculated as set out in the first paragraph of this 
definition;

--- Page 77 ---
70 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the 
case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(e) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(f) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 
(the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Interest Period is 
the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day 
month, or (b) the last day of the Interest Period is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and 
(g) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day 
of the Interest Period unless, in the case of an Interest Period ending on 
the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
(h) 
if "30E/360 (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect 
of each Interest Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose 
numerator is the number of days elapsed during such period, calculated 
on the basis of a year comprising 12 months of 30 days, subject to the 
following the exception: 
if the last day of the Interest Period is the last day of the month of February, the 
number of days elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
the fraction is: 
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]  
Without prejudice to sub-paragraph (vi) below, the determination of the Rate of 
Interest and calculation of the Interest Amount by the Agent or, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on all parties. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
360
1

--- Page 78 ---
71 
 
 
 
 
 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer, the Paying Agent and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. If the relevant Floating Rate Notes are listed on a stock exchange, the 
Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount to be 
notified to the stock exchange no later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the expression "London Business Day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this Condition 6(b), by the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of aforesaid) no liability 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach to the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(viii) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only 
of such Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date of its redemption 
unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to be calculated and to 
accrue as provided in this Condition 6 (Interest) until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been 
paid; and 
(b) 
five calendar days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys 
payable in respect of such Note has been received by the Paying Agent 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 79 ---
72 
 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Each Fixed/Floating Rate Note bears interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
decide to convert at the date specified in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) which shall 
be automatically converted from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate at the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(x) 
Zero Coupon Notes  
Zero Coupon Notes are offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest other than in the case of late payment. Where a Note the 
Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon in the relevant Final Terms 
and is repayable prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due 
and payable shall be calculated pursuant to Condition 8(m). 
(xi) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long 
as any Note is outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed 
in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Period or Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-
counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation 
or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
Paris office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in 
its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(xii) 
Calculations and Adjustments 
(A) 
The amount of interest payable shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount and 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure as set out below or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention.  Where the Nominal Amount of a 
Specified Denomination of a Note is divisible by more than one multiple 
of a Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each such multiple comprising the Specified 
Denomination without further rounding. 
(B) 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Accrual Periods, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period will be the 
sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Accrual 
Periods.

--- Page 80 ---
73 
 
 
 
 
 
(C) 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Terms and 
Conditions, (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 
per cent.), (b) all United States Dollar amounts used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards, 
and (e) all Euro amounts will be rounded to the nearest cent, being Euro 
0.01, with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) be 
made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant 
Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a 
Bank (as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. Any payment validly made to any 
such Account Holders, or to any such Bank (as defined below) designated by any 
Noteholder, will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payment. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours 
of the relevant Materialised Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in 
the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(g)(i)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, 
save as specified in Condition 7(g)(i)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn 
on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with, a Bank (as defined below). 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the country for such Specified 
Currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 2 
System. 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted 
by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer.

--- Page 81 ---
74 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Taxation). References to "Specified Currency" will include any successor currency 
under applicable law. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent 
and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified 
offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, 
the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each such case, do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and 
the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination 
Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) a Paying Agent 
having its specified offices in at least one major European city, including in the case of 
Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and so long as the rules of, or applicable 
to, the relevant Regulated Market so require, in such other city where the Notes are 
admitted to trading, (v) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a 
Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other Regulated 
Market on which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect 
of any Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 5 (Redenomination) 
with a view to consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Further Issues), the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity 
shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of 
both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating 
thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any accrued 
interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
(together, where applicable, with the amount of any accrued interest 
corresponding to such Coupon) that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total 
principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised 
Face Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as

--- Page 82 ---
75 
 
 
 
 
 
the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a 
period of twelve years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10 
(Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons 
are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented 
for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note 
is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for 
payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of 
interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any accrued interest if applicable) shall only be payable 
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive 
Materialised Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Note that only bears interest 
after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Notes. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding 
any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(g) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the Holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount due until 
the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to any 
interest or other payment in respect of such delay. In this Condition, "Payment Day" 
means any day which is: 
(i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for 
business, or in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in 
such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
a Business Day (as defined in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(h) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest

--- Page 83 ---
76 
 
 
 
 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(iii) 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, any additional amounts 
which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9 (Taxation); 
(iv) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(vi) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(vii) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(viii) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 9 (Taxation). 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will 
be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount which shall be the nominal 
amount of such Note unless another amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If (i) as a result of any change occurring after the Issue Date of the Notes (or, if the Notes 
comprise more than one Tranche, the Issue Date of the first Tranche) in the laws of France, 
on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes, the Issuer would be 
required to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) (a 
"Withholding Tax Event") and (ii) such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may at its option but subject (x) in 
the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, to Condition 8(n) and (y) in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes to Condition 8(o), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar 
days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) redeem, at any time (in the case of Notes other than Floating Rate 
Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), all of the 
Notes, but not some only, each at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be stated in 
the notice) referred to in paragraph (f) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to the 
date of such redemption, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than 90 calendar days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion 
of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or

--- Page 84 ---
77 
 
 
 
 
 
will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
If (A) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Taxation) and (B) the Issuer is prevented by law from paying such additional 
amounts (a "Gross-Up Event"), the Issuer may but subject (x) in the case of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes to Condition 8(n) and (y) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes to 
Condition 8(o), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), redeem, at any time (in the case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or 
on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), all of the Notes, but not 
some only, each at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be stated in the notice) 
referred to in paragraph (f) together with, if appropriate, interest accrued to but excluding 
the date of redemption, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than 90 calendar days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be required to 
pay the additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to above, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes to which such notice refers in accordance with the relevant 
sub-paragraph. 
For information only, Condition 14 (Notices) provides that the above notices to the 
Noteholders shall also be delivered in writing to the relevant stock exchange (or other 
relevant authority). 
(c) 
Final Terms 
The applicable Final Terms indicates either: 
(i) 
that the Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date (except as 
otherwise provided in Condition 8(b) and (h) and, if applicable, in Condition 11 
(Events of Default)); or 
(ii) 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the holders 
of the Notes prior to such Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 8(d) and/or (e) on the date or dates and at the amount or amounts 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may but 
subject (x) in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, to Condition 8(n) and (y) in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes to Condition 8(o), having given not more than 60 nor less 
than 30 calendar days' notice to the Agent (or such other period(s) as may be specified in 
the relevant final terms) and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the holders of 
the Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes then 
outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date(s). 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain 
the number of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which

--- Page 85 ---
78 
 
 
 
 
 
such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such 
manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing 
market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market 
requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect 
of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be effected, at the option of the Issuer, by 
reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion 
to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the 
rules of that Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a 
partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in a leading newspaper of general 
circulation in the city where the Regulated Market is located and which, in the case of 
Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any 
Definitive Materialised Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not more than 60 
nor less than 30 calendar days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) the Issuer (or 
such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms) will, upon the expiry 
of such notice, redeem (subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) in whole (but not in part) the Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to, 
but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business 
hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to 
the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be 
held to its order or under its control. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Notes, 
have attached to it such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be 
transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent 
specified in the Put Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so 
deposited or transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer 
In relation to any particular Series of Senior Preferred Notes, unless specified as not being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and subject to Condition 8(o) (Conditions to 
purchase and redemption prior to Maturity Date of Senior Preferred Notes), the Issuer 
may, having given:

--- Page 86 ---
79 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 calendar days before the giving of notice referred to in (i) above, 
notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Quotation Agent and such other parties as may be 
specified in the Final Terms, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each 
such date, a "Make-whole Redemption Date") redeem, in whole or in part, the Notes 
then outstanding at any time prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Amount. 
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 6) prior to the 
Make-whole Redemption Date. 
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) 
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accruing on the Notes 
to, but excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted to the 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on either an annual or a semi-annual basis 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the Make-whole Redemption Rate 
plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the 
Quotation Agent to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means the average of the four quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the 
third Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central 
European Time ("CET")) ("Reference Dealer Quotation"). 
"Quotation Agent" means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or 
financial services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the 
Make-whole Redemption Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, selected by the Quotation Agent, which are primary European government 
security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate 
bond issues. 
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
If a Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the

--- Page 87 ---
80 
 
 
 
 
 
Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-
whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and 
published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer 
as the Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 8(e) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 8(f). 
(g) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
IIR being for the purpose of this Condition 8(g) the ratio determined on the fifth Business 
Day before the Maturity Date between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index 
applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the HICP 
is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
Index, on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will 
be redeemed at par. 
(h) 
Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event (as defined below), the Issuer 
may, at any time, subject to having given no less than seven (7) nor more than forty five 
(45) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders of any Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all 
but not some only of the Notes of such Series then outstanding, at the Early Redemption 
Amount on the date specified in the notice of redemption, together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.  
For the purpose of this Condition 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result 
of a change in French and/or EU laws or regulations becoming effective on or after the 
Issue Date of a Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes, which change was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the Series, it is likely that all or part of the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Notes will be excluded from  the 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (however called or defined

--- Page 88 ---
81 
 
 
 
 
 
by then applicable regulations) if the Issuer is then subject to such requirements, provided 
that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such Series of Notes is excluded 
on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of such Notes is less than any period prescribed 
by any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL Requirements, or (2) of any 
applicable limits on the amount of eligible liabilities to meet the MREL Requirements.  
"MREL Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Group referred to in the BRRD, any other EU law or regulation and relevant 
implementing legislation and regulation in France. 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of Condition 8(b) and (h) above and, if applicable, Condition 11 (Events 
of Default), unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes will be 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at 
the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes but including Instalment 
Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be lesser or greater than 
the Issue Price, at the amount set out in, or determined in the manner set out in, 
the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is set out in the Final 
Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied 
to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption (in the case of an early 
redemption pursuant to Condition 8(b) or Condition 8(h)) or the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable (in the case of an event 
of default pursuant to Condition 11). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall 
be made on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 calendar 
days each and, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed or 
such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
In the case of Inflation Linked Notes 
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 8(g) shall apply in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount upon 
redemption of such Notes pursuant to Condition 8(b) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default), or the 
Optional Redemption Amount in respect of such Notes will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Early Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio 
determined on the fifth Business Day before the date set for

--- Page 89 ---
82 
 
 
 
 
 
redemption between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index 
applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in 
the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on 
the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, 
the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 8(g) applies) fall to be 
redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the 
Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption. Such accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the period from, and including the immediately preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the date set for redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum on the 
basis of the provisions of Condition 6(b)(iii) above except that, for such purposes 
the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to 
the relevant Early Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of Condition 11 (Events of Default), the Issuer will deliver (no 
later than the redemption of the last outstanding Note of the relevant Series) a 
notice in writing to the relevant stock exchange (or other relevant authority) stating 
the applicable Early Redemption Amount(s). 
For information only, paragraph (b) above provides that the Early Redemption 
Amount shall be stated in the notices to the Noteholders and Condition 14 
(Notices) provides that the notices to the Noteholders shall also be delivered in 
writing to the relevant stock exchange (or other relevant authority). 
(j) 
Instalments 
If the Notes are repayable in instalments, they will be partially redeemed on each 
instalment date (each an "Instalment Date") at the related instalment amount (each an 
"Instalment Amount") specified in the applicable Final Terms. The outstanding nominal 
amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such 
Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of 
such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date. 
(k) 
Purchases 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes, subject to Condition 8(o) below, the Issuer may, at 
any time, purchase Notes in any manner at any price. If purchases are made by tender, 
tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike. Notes so purchased by the Issuer may 
be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations for the purpose of 
enhancing the liquidity of the Notes, or cancelled. 
In the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, any such purchase shall be subject to Condition 
8(n). 
(l) 
Cancellation

--- Page 90 ---
83 
 
 
 
 
 
All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, together with all rights relating to payment 
of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an 
account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case 
of Materialised Notes, together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith, by surrendering to the Fiscal Agent the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together 
with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons. Any Notes so cancelled or, 
where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or 
resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(m) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (d) or (e) or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the 
amount calculated as provided in paragraph (i)(iii) as though the references therein to the 
date fixed for redemption or the date upon which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the 
Agent and notice to that effect has been given in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices). 
(n) 
Conditions to purchase and redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes prior to 
Maturity Date  
Any purchase or redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes prior to the Maturity Date is 
subject to the prior written approval of the Relevant Regulator to the extent required by 
any applicable law, rule or regulation. 
Where:  
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the 
CRD IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but 
not limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by 
the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines 
issued by the Relevant Regulator, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe 
the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory 
capital of the Issuer; 
"CRD IV Rules" means any of or any combination of the CRD IV (as defined above), the 
CRR (as defined above) and any CRD IV Implementing Measures; 
"Relevant Regulator" means the European Central Bank and any successor or 
replacement thereto, or any other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer or the application of the Relevant Rules; and 
"Relevant Rules" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies of the Relevant Regulator relating to capital adequacy applicable to the Issuer

--- Page 91 ---
84 
 
 
 
 
 
from time to time including, for the avoidance of doubt, applicable rules contained in, or 
implementing the CRD IV Rules and/or the BRRD (as defined above). 
(o) 
Conditions to purchase and redemption prior to Maturity Date of Senior Preferred 
Notes 
If "Prior approval of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, any purchase of Senior Preferred Notes pursuant to Condition 8(k) or 
redemption of Senior Preferred Notes prior to the Maturity Date or pursuant to Condition 
8(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer (Issuer Call)) is subject to the prior written approval of the Relevant Regulator 
to the extent required by any applicable law, rule or regulation. 
 
9. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms), interest (if any) 
or other amounts by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of France or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law.  
In that event and, other than in relation to payments of principal in respect of the Notes, the Issuer 
will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary 
in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of interest (if any) or other amounts 
which would have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or, as the case may be, 
Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
to a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in 
respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
France other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
to a holder who would not be liable or subject to such withholding or deduction by making 
a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, presented for payment more than 30 calendar 
days after the Relevant Date (as defined below), except to the extent that the holder thereof 
would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on 
the expiry of such period of 30 calendar days. 
As used herein the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due but, 
if the full amount of the money payable has not been received by the Agent on or prior to such due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such money having been so received, notice 
to that effect shall have been duly published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).  
No additional amounts will be payable for or on account of any deduction or withholding from a 
payment on, or in respect of, any Note where such deduction or withholding is imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, any regulation or agreement 
thereunder, any inter-governmental agreement or implementing legislation adopted by another 
jurisdiction in connection with these provisions or any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue

--- Page 92 ---
85 
 
 
 
 
 
Service ("FATCA withholding").  Further, Issuer will have no obligation to otherwise indemnify 
an investor for any such FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by Issuer, the Paying Agent 
or any other party that is not an agent of Issuer. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for 
this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and will become void unless made within 
ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation), in respect thereof. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Events of Default relating to Senior Preferred Notes 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes, where the Events of Default (as defined below) are 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative (as defined in 
Condition 13 (Representation of Noteholders)), upon request of the holder of any Note 
may give notice to the Issuer that such Note is, and such Note shall accordingly become 
immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 8(h)) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to the date of repayment, in 
any of the following events ("Events of Default"): 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of such 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes or any of them and such default continues for a 
period of seven calendar days in the case of principal and 14 calendar days in the 
case of interest; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under such 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes and (except where such failure is incapable of 
remedy when no such notice or continuation as is hereinafter mentioned will be 
required) such failure continues for the period of 30 calendar days next following 
the service by any Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be 
remedied; or 
(iii) 
if any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) of the Issuer becomes due and 
repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described) or 
the Issuer fails to make any payment required under the terms of such Relevant 
Indebtedness on the due date for such payment as extended by any applicable 
grace period as originally provided or the security for any such Relevant 
Indebtedness becomes enforceable unless, in each case, the Issuer is contesting in 
good faith in a court of competent jurisdiction that such Relevant Indebtedness is 
due or that such security is enforceable; or 
(iv) 
if any order shall be made by any competent court or resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer; or 
(v) 
if the Issuer shall cease or threaten to cease to carry on the whole or the major 
part of its business, or the Issuer shall cease generally to pay, or shall be unable 
to, or shall admit inability to, service its debt as it falls due, or shall be adjudicated 
or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vi) 
if the Issuer ceases to pay its debts generally as and when they fall due or a 
judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer 
or for a transfer of the whole of its business (cession totale de l'entreprise), or if 
the Issuer is subject to similar proceedings, or in the absence of legal proceedings, 
if the Issuer makes a conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit

--- Page 93 ---
86 
 
 
 
 
 
of its creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors, or a resolution is 
passed for its winding-up or dissolution. 
In this Condition 11(a): 
Relevant Indebtedness means Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 4) which 
(either alone or when aggregated with the nominal amount of any other such 
Indebtedness in respect of which any of the events described in (c) above have 
occurred) amounts to €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in 
aggregate nominal amount. 
(b) 
Enforcement  
If the Notes are Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes (unless, in the case 
of Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Events of Default 
are applicable), then the Events of Default listed in Condition 11(a) above shall not apply 
to such Notes. However, the Representative (as defined in Condition 13 (Representation 
of Noteholders), upon request of any holder of any Note may, give notice to the Issuer that 
such Note is, and such Note shall accordingly immediately become, due and repayable at 
its Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 8(h)) together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to the date of repayment, if any, in the event that an order is made or 
an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation 
amiable) of the Issuer. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations 
and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying 
Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which 
may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for 
further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
REPRESENTATION OF NOTEHOLDERS 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically 
for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse").   
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights 
that Noteholders may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of 
the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce, 
as amended by this Condition 13, except that in respect of Series of Notes with a minimum 
denomination of less that €100,000 that are not being issued outside of France within the meaning 
of Article L-228-90 of the French Code de commerce, the Masse will be governed by the provisions

--- Page 94 ---
87 
 
 
 
 
 
of the French Code de commerce, as amended, in which case the below provisions will not apply 
to it. 
(a) 
Legal Personality of the Masse 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the 
"Collective Decisions").  
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of 
any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent 
Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in 
relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series.  
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of 
the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or 
replacement of the Representative shall be published in accordance with paragraph 13(j). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have 
the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common 
interests of the Noteholders, with capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meetings"), 
or (ii) by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the 
"Written Unanimous Decisions"), or (iii) by the consent of one or more Noteholders 
holding together at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, 
following a written consultation (the "Written Majority Decisions", and together with 
the Written Unanimous Decisions, the "Written Decisions"). 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case 
may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business 
day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with paragraph 13(j).

--- Page 95 ---
88 
 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(e) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. 
One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand 
for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within 
two months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission them to petition the 
competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of 
the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the 
Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat.  
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with paragraph 13(j) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date 
of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior 
to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or 
by correspondence. 
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy 
of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will 
be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the 
relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified 
in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding 
the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar 
day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or 
represented at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of 
Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until 
a new Representative has been appointed.  
(f) 
Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written 
Unanimous Decisions or Written Majority Decisions. 
(i) 
Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the 
Noteholders without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred 
to in paragraph 13(e). Approval of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be 
given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of 
Noteholders in accordance with Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de 
commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, 
have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such 
Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be contained in one

--- Page 96 ---
89 
 
 
 
 
 
document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more of such Noteholders and shall be published in accordance with 
paragraph 13(j). 
(ii) 
Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision, which shall include 
the text of the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be 
published as provided under paragraph 13(j) no less than fifteen (15) calendar 
days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Majority Decision (the 
"Written Majority Decision Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written 
Majority Decision will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection 
of such proposed Written Majority Decision. Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection before the Written Majority Decision Date will undertake 
not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding 
together at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
Approval of a Written Majority Decision may also be given by Electronic 
Consent. Any Written Majority Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same 
effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of the Noteholders. Such 
Written Majority Decisions may be contained in one document, or in several 
documents in like form each signed by or on one behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders and shall be published in accordance with paragraph 13(j). 
(g) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, 
all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(h) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common 
interests, be grouped in a single Masse. 
(i) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall 
exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the 
French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the 
sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(j) 
Notices for the purposes of this Condition 13 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 13 shall be 
published on the website of the Issuer (www.rcibs.com) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to 
them at their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the mailing; or

--- Page 97 ---
90 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other 
clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared. 
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain 
Noteholders' approval, as contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de 
commerce will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this paragraph 13(j). Any 
Noteholder will then have the right to request redemption of its Notes at par within thirty 
(30) days of the date of notification, in which case the Issuer shall redeem such Noteholder 
within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's request for redemption. 
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to 
submit the proposal for approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer 
redemption at par to Noteholders pursuant to Article L. 228-73 of the French Code de 
commerce. Such redemption offer shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this 
paragraph 13(j). If the Masse does not approve the merger or spin-off proposal, any 
decision to proceed with the transaction will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
this paragraph 13(j). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 13 (Representation of Noteholders), the term 
"outstanding" shall not include those Notes that are held by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
14. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be 
valid if either (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they 
will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are 
published (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in Europe (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times) or (b) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Echos) and, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any other 
Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, in 
a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market 
on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Definitive Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer 
form (au porteur) shall be valid if published (i) in a daily leading newspaper with general 
circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (ii) so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos) and so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market, in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are 
admitted to trading is located. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as 
provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Definitive Notes in accordance 
with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered 
or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be validly given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream or any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and 
publication of a notice required by Condition 14(a), (b) (c) and (d) above; except that as

--- Page 98 ---
91 
 
 
 
 
 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be published in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which 
such Notes are admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris is 
expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that 
Regulated Market, as the case may be shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper 
of general circulation in Europe, at the expense of the Issuer. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 14 shall not apply to notices given pursuant to 
Condition 11. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders issue further notes with the benefit of the Agency Agreement, such notes being 
assimilated (assimilables) with the Notes as regards their financial service, provided that such notes 
and the Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the first payment of 
interest thereon) and that the terms of such notes provide for such assimilation. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(i) 
Governing law: The Notes (and where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(ii) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or 
Talons will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts in Paris.

--- Page 99 ---
92 
 
 
 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will 
credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with 
(if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes 
that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see 
"Subscription and Sale" below), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form 
of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive 
Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, 
in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such 
Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in 
respect of interest that has not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). 
Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and 
Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Materialised Notes shall be available at the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of 
40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued 
prior to such day pursuant to Condition 15 (Further Issues), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global 
Certificate shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days after the issue of such 
further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 100 ---
93 
 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each issue of Notes will be applied for the general financing purposes of the Issuer and 
its consolidated subsidiaries. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in Part B, Item 5 of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
94 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF RCI BANQUE AND THE RCI BANQUE GROUP  
A full description of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "RCI Banque group") is set out in 
the Issuer's Annual Report 2020 and the Half Year Financial Report 2021 incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). Below is a list setting out certain 
specific items of information or stating where they may be found. 
General information 
See the Annual Report 2020, page 188 for the Issuer's legal name, place of registration, registration number, 
date of incorporation, length of life of the Issuer, domicile, legal form, governing law and country of 
incorporation. 
Principal activities and markets 
See the Annual Report 2020, pages 5-11 and 180-181, and the Half-Year Financial Report 2021, pages 7-
8, for information on the RCI Banque group's principal activities, including main products and services, 
and its principal markets. 
See the Annual Report 2020 pages 5-11 for a brief review of 2020. See the Half-Year Financial Report 
2021, pages 7-11, for a brief review of the first six months of 2021. 
Organisational structure 
The Issuer is the French holding company of the RCI Banque group. The Issuer is, directly or indirectly, 
the ultimate holding company of all the companies in the RCI Banque group and its assets are substantially 
comprised of shares in such companies. It does not conduct any other business and is accordingly dependent 
on the other members of the RCI Banque group and revenues received from them. 
See the Annual Report 2020, pages 2-3, 188-193, for a brief description of the RCI Banque group and the 
Issuer's position within the RCI Banque group. 
Management 
See the Annual Report 2020, pages 22-24, for the names and functions of the Issuer's Executive Committee 
and relevant external activities of members of the Issuer's Board of Directors. Their business address is at 
the registered office of the Issuer.  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the members of its Board of 
Directors above and their private interests or other duties. 
Shareholders 
See the Annual Report 2020, page 190, for information on ownership and control of the Issuer. The major 
shareholder in the Issuer is bound, in its relations with the Issuer, by French law provisions relating to the 
Issuer's status as a credit institution (réglementation bancaire). 
Financial information 
See the Half-Year Financial Report 2021, pages 16-60 (including the accounting policies and explanatory 
notes thereto at pages 23-60), the Annual Report 2020, pages 117-185 (including the accounting policies 
and explanatory notes thereto at pages 126-185), and the Annual Report 2019, pages 109-173 (including 
the accounting policies and explanatory notes thereto at pages 119-173), for, respectively, the RCI Banque 
group's consolidated financial statements for the six month period ended 30 June 2021, the year ended 31

--- Page 102 ---
95 
 
 
 
 
 
December 2020 and the year ended 31 December 2019 (including balance sheet, income statement and 
notes) and the auditors' report thereon at pages 12-15 of the Half-Year Financial Report 2021, pages 118-
121 of the Annual Report 2020 and pages 110-113 of the Annual Report 2019. 
See the Half-Year Financial Report 2021, page 22, the Annual Report 2020, page 125, and the Annual 
Report 2019, page 117, for, respectively, the RCI Banque group's consolidated cash flow statement for the 
six-month period ended 30 June 2021, the year ended 31 December 2020 and the year ended 31 December 
2019. 
Indebtedness 
See the Half-Yearly Financial Report 2021, pages 9-11 and 18 (as well as the accounting policies and 
explanatory notes thereto at pages 23-60), the Annual Report 2020, pages 13-15 and 122 (as well as the 
accounting policies and explanatory notes thereto at pages 126-185) and the Annual Report 2019, pages 
11-13 and 114 (as well as the accounting policies and explanatory notes thereto at pages 119-173), for the 
RCI Banque group's financial policy and consolidated balance sheet for, respectively, the six month period 
ended 30 June 2021, the year ended 31 December 2020 and the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Consistent with RCI Banque activity and regulation applicable to the banking business in France, new loans 
granted during the period are partially or fully financed through an increase of debt. Increase in new loans 
are closely linked to the general economic situation in the car industry and the sales performance of the 
Renault and Nissan Alliance. Depending on these factors, a variation of 10 per cent. of debt (increase or 
decrease) over a six-month period is not considered unusual given RCI Banque's activities. Debt increases 
are usually performed through: 
(i) 
public issues under existing EMTN programme, which are all publicly disclosed, 
(ii) 
bank loans, ABS transactions and private debt issuances, all of which are not publicly disclosed, 
(iii) 
as well as amounts payable to customers, including customer savings and term deposits accounts 
collected through the deposit taking activities. 
Recent Developments 
1. Press release dated 7 October 2021  
"PLACEMENT OF A 900 MILLION EURO SECURITIZATION BACKED BY GERMAN AUTO 
LOANS  
RCI Bank and Services announces the placement of a securitization backed by auto loans originated by its 
German branch RCI Banque S.A Niederlassung.  
FCT Cars Alliance Auto Loans Germany V 2021-1 has placed 900m€(1) of Senior notes. These notes are 
rated AAA(sf) / Aaa(sf) by DBRS and Moody’s.  
The Senior tranche, with a weighted average life of 2.9 years, has a margin(2) of Euribor 1 month + 11bps.  
The success of this placement demonstrates investors’ confidence in RCI assets quality and receivable 
management process. This transaction also confirms the diversified financing sources to which the company 
has access. 
(1): of which 200m€ have been retained by RCI Banque 
(2): Coupon: Euribor + 70 floored at zero, issuance price 101.703"

--- Page 103 ---
96 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Press release dated 1 October 2021  
"RCI Banque’s General Assembly approves €930.6m special payment 
Following ECB decision on July 23rd, 2021 not to extend dividend limitations beyond September 30th, 
2021, RCI General Assembly approved a payment from retained earnings for EUR 930 600 000, in line 
with company’s intentions communicated earlier this year. 
RCI Banque reported a total capital ratio at 19.79 % as of 30th June 2021 (of which CET1 ratio at 17.01%). 
Following special payment representing 2.65 % of June 2021 risk weighted assets, capital ratios will return 
to pre-pandemic levels." 
3. Press release dated 14 September 2021 
"Renault Group and its subsidiary RCI Bank and Services acquire a stake in heycar Group 
• Renault Group and RCI Bank and Services acquire a stake in the Mobility Trader Holding 
GmbH (heycar Group). 
• The Mobility Trader Holding GmbH is the company that created the online used car sales 
platform “heycar”, present in Germany, United Kingdom and Spain. 
• Renault Group in close collaboration with its dealers will actively contribute to the 
development of the heycar platform in Europe by putting their inventory of used vehicles 
online and by contributing to the platform the business assets of Carizy, the French leader 
in the intermediation of used vehicle sales between retail customers, which is currently 
experiencing rapid growth in France. 
Renault Group and its subsidiary RCI Bank and Services, specialized in automotive financing and 
services, have acquired an equity stake in Mobility Trader Holding GmbH to contribute to the 
development of the heycar platform in Europe and with a view to its launch in France. 
heycar is an online used car sales platform originally owned by Volkswagen AG and by Daimler that was 
launched in Germany (2017) in cooperation with VAPS (Volkswagen und Audi Partnerverband), the 
German dealer association. The platform is already operational in the United Kingdom (2019) and Spain 
(2020). Representing a large number of dealer groups of different brands at some 5,000 locations with more 
than 380,000 vehicles, it markets quality used vehicles online, sold by professionals to retail customers 
(B2C). 
In a fast-growing used car market marked by digitalization, this acquisition will strengthen Renault Group’s 
presence in the used car ecosystem through a high-quality digital experience. RCI Bank and Services will 
offer financing and services adapted to the specificities of used vehicles and to customers' needs, for each 
vehicle put online by Renault Group dealers. 
Renault Group will contribute to the development of the heycar platform in France by bringing Carizy to 
the project, the French leading start-up in C2C intermediation. Carizy, acquired in 2018 by the Renault 
Group, has experienced strong growth in sales volumes in France and will complement the B2C offering 
of heycar to develop its C2C business starting in France. 
"We are very pleased with this project with heycar, which in just a few years has become a key player in 
the online distribution of used vehicles. This agreement is in line with Renault Group’s strategy to increase 
value creation at each stage of the vehicle life cycle. In line with the Re-Factory - the project to convert the 
Flins plant into a dedicated site for circular economy of mobility - through this partnership we intend to 
strengthen the competitiveness of our sales network across the entire used vehicle value chain: from 
procurement to after-sales, including reconditioning, marketing and sales of financing and services " said 
Luca de Meo, CEO Renault Group. 
The completion of this acquisition is subject to the conditions normally applicable to this type of transaction, 
including the presentation to the respective boards of the involved parties, the employee representative

--- Page 104 ---
97 
 
 
 
 
 
bodies in France in accordance with the applicable French regulations and the possible approval of the 
relevant competition authorities. It is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2021." 
4. Press release dated 30 July 2021  
"FIRST HALF 2021 RESULTS: RCI BANK AND SERVICES CONSOLIDATES ITS 
OPERATING 
PROFIT 
AND 
ACHIEVES 
RECORD 
LEVELS 
OF 
CUSTOMER 
RECOMMENDATION IN A RECOVERING AUTOMOTIVE MARKET COMPARED TO THE 
YEAR 2020 
• 716,220 new financing contracts, for a total of new financing of €8.7 billion 
• 178,684 contracts for used vehicles, up 13.5% compared to the first half of 2020 
• Penetration rate1 at 44.3% of registrations at the end of June 2021, i.e. +1.3 points higher 
than in the first half of 2019, before the health crisis 
• Growth in loyalty offers and new services dedicated to electric vehicles in several countries 
for retail customers 
• 2.3 million service contracts, up 18.8% compared to the first half of 2020 
• A record level of customer recommendation, with a Net Promoter Score2 of +52 points in 
June 2021, 5 points higher than the previous year. 
• Average performing assets of €45.5 billion, down 5.5% compared to the end of June 2020 
• Net banking income of €940 million, down 6.9% compared to the end of June 2020 
• Cost of risk significantly improved to 0.16% of APA3 from 0.99% in the first half of 2020 
• Group pre-tax income of €599 million 
"In a turbulent economic context, RCI Bank and Services has shown its resilience and kept its commercial 
and financial performance at robust levels. With pre-tax income of €599 million, RCI Bank and Services 
continues to represent a strong contribution to Renault Group’s results. These sound bases and the 
commitment of RCI Bank and Services’ teams are key assets on which the group can count during the 
second half of the year”," said Clotilde Delbos, Chairman of the Board of Directors of RCI Banque S.A. 
“RCI Bank and Services continued its activity in a context of recovery for the automotive market compared 
to 2020. This first half of the year was marked by a penetration rate of 44.3%, an increase of 1.3 points 
compared to the day before the health crisis. In recent months, our customers have confirmed their interest 
in our loyalty offers and our innovative services, including those dedicated to electric vehicles. This is 
evidenced by a record level of customer recommendation and a strong operating margin, both of which are 
the result of the commitment of our employees.“, explains João Leandro, Chief Executive Officer of RCI 
Bank and Services. 
RECORD CUSTOMER RECOMMENDATION LEVELS IN A RECOVERING GLOBAL 
AUTOMOTIVE MARKET 
 
1 Overall penetration rate excluding companies accounted for under the equity method (Russia, Turkey and India). 
2  The Net Promoter Score (NPS) is the percentage of customers who rate their probability of recommending a company, product or 
service to a friend or colleague as 9 or 10 ("promoters") minus the percentage who rate this probability as 6 or less ("detractors") 
on a scale of 0 to 10. Result of a survey of retail customers of new and used vehicles who are mid-contract, in 22 countries. 
3 Average performing assets (APA) correspond to average loans outstanding plus assets relating to operational leasing activities. For 
customers, APA corresponds to average performing assets at the end of the month. For the network, APA corresponds to daily 
average performing assets.

--- Page 105 ---
98 
 
 
 
 
 
In a car market that recovered by 32.3% in countries where the RCI Bank and Services' subsidiaries 
operate4, the Alliance brands' volumes stood at 1.5 million vehicles in the first half of 2021. RCI Bank and 
Services' penetration1 rate reached 44.3%, up 1.3 points compared with the first half of 20195. 
 The volume of new vehicle financing contracts stood at 537,536 at the end of June 2021. The used vehicle 
financing business grew by 13.5% with 178,684 contracts at the end of June 2021. Thus, the total volume 
of new financing contracts amounted to 716,220 contracts in the first half of 2021, for a total amount of 
new financings of €8.7 billion, up from €7.7 billion in the first half of 2020. This overall increase is also 
due to the increase in the average financed amount (€12,200 instead of €11,800 in the first half of 2020). 
In the first half of the year, RCI Bank and Services continued its offensive on leasing offers. These offers 
make it easier for customers to renew their vehicles while benefiting from competitive monthly payments. 
44% of the group's customers have subscribed to this type of offer (+4 points compared with the first half 
of 2020), with this proportion exceeding 80% in the most mature markets. Customers appreciate flexible 
offers, such as leasing formulas in France that allow customers to stop their financing contract after six 
months free of charge, or allowing electric vehicle customers to have a combustion vehicle for a certain 
period in France and Spain. This electric vehicle service has made a significant breakthrough in France 
(+15% increase of the penetration rate). 
Service activity saw a 18.8% increase in volumes versus the previous year. 2.3 million insurance and service 
contracts were sold in the first half of 2021 (more than 3.2 services per financing contract).  
RCI Bank and Services concludes the first half of 2021 with a record level of customer recommendation, 
achieving a Net Promoter Score2 of +52 points, 5 points higher than the previous year. This result reflects 
the main focus of the group: put customers at the heart of its actions. 
RCI BANK AND SERVICES CONSOLIDATES A ROBUST OPERATING PROFIT 
Excluding currency effect, customer average performing assets6 were stable at €37.5 billion. The reduction 
in dealer inventories, linked to the shortage of semi-conductors, which impacts vehicle manufacturing, and 
the network vehicle inventory optimization strategy implemented by Renault Group brands, led to a -23.2% 
drop in network average performing assets, which stood at €7.9 billion. Overall, RCI Bank and Services' 
average performing assets decreased by 5.5% compared to the first half of 2020 to reach €45.5 billion.  
Net banking income (NBI) reached €940 million, down by almost 7% compared to the end of June 2020, 
correlated with the drop in average performing assets. The contribution of service activities to NBI 
increased slightly compared to the first half of 2020 and now represents more than one third of NBI. 
The cost of risk on the Customer business (retail customer and corporate customer financing) improved 
significantly to 0.32% of APA in the first half of 2021 compared to 1.15% of APA last year. This 
improvement is explained by the reversal of provisions following a significant improvement in the amounts 
recovered from lockdowns in the various countries where the group operates. The coverage rate of our 
customer exposures at risk increased slightly to 2.2%. 
In the Dealership network business (dealer financing), the decline in performing assets at the end of June 
2021 (-18.0%) led to reversals of provisions. The cost of risk for the first half of the year is an income 
corresponding to -0.56% of the APA against a charge of 0.38% the previous year. 
The total cost of risk is therefore 0.16% of APA compared to 0.99% in the first half of 2020. 
The operating costs amounted to €305 million against €308 million in the first half of 2020, showing RCI 
Bank and Services' capacity to adjust to its operating costs. Operating costs represent 1.35% of APA. 
 
4 RCI Bank and Services operates in 36 countries. 
5 The penetration rate is down by 3.4 percentage points compared to the first half of 2020 due to the distortion of the mix during this 
period as a result of containment measures. 
6 Customer average performing assets were down slightly (-0.7% vs. end of June 2020) to €37.5 bn compared to 1st half of 2020.

--- Page 106 ---
99 
 
 
 
 
 
Supported by the net improvement in the cost of risk, the pre-tax income amounted to €599 million, an 
increase of 26.6% compared to 2020 over the same period. 
DEPOSITS INCREASE SLIGHTLY IN A CONTEXT OF LOW FINANCING NEEDS 
Funding requirements remained modest and the group took a number of initiatives to reduce its liquidity 
reserve which had reached an all-time high at the end of 2020. In this context, RCI Bank and Services has 
not issued on the bond market and has sought to slow the pace of growth in customer savings, which have 
increased by €0.6 billion since 31 December 2020 to €21.1 billion, representing growth of 3% compared 
with 15% in 2020. 
RCI BANK AND SERVICES IS ALREADY COMMITTED TO ACHIEVING ITS OBJECTIVES 
IN 2021 
In 2021, RCI Bank and Services has affirmed that the satisfaction of its four customers (end customers, 
Alliance manufacturers, dealers and employees) is central to its ambitions. In the space of six months, the 
RCI Bank and Services group has already completed major projects in line with its four priorities: 
• Several offers make it possible to propose more digital paths to customers, via a "phygital" 
approach with an ultra-personalised purchasing path, drawing on the strengths of e-commerce. 
For example, Renault Easy Lease is implementing a fully omnichannel path in Italy such as Renault 
On Demand in Brazil. In France, a 100% digital path applies to the stock of new Renault vehicles, 
as well as to RRG's online catalogue. The share of contracts taken out online has jumped in South 
Korea. 
• With the aim of moving from selling cars to selling kilometres, RCI Bank and Services has 
launched even more flexible usage-based offers packaged with services, in particular for Renault 
and Dacia in France, but also experiments based on the subscription principle in several countries, 
leading to the acquisition of the car subscription company Bipi in July. 
• With the improvement of its cost of risk, the control of its consolidated operating profit, and the 
launch of collecting savings in the Netherlands at the beginning of July in cooperation with the 
fintech Raisin.nl, RCI Bank and Services is pursuing one of its ambitions: to consolidate and 
optimise its business model, maintaining a high level of profitability, applying strict control of 
its structural costs and making the best possible use of its main sources of financing and its capital. 
To this end, RCI Bank and Services has chosen to steer its profitability using the RORWA7, a 
standard indicator in the banking industry that measures the bank's profitability in relation to its 
risk-weighted assets and aims to achieve a minimum RORWA of a least 1.9%. 
• RCI Bank and Services is developing new working methods and organisations, by relying both 
on collective intelligence and the expertise of each employee and their ability to take risks. With 
more than 150 employees already involved in tribes and squads dedicated to subjects as varied as 
CSR, customer onboarding and compliance, RCI Bank and Services also aligned with the Renault 
Group's brand organisation in order to integrate ever more closely with the commercial strategies 
of the carmaker brands."  
5. Press release dated 27 July 2021  
"RCI Bank and Services enters the car subscription market with the acquisition of Bipi 
• 
In July 2021, RCI Bank and Services, the Renault Group's automotive captive, acquired Bipi, a 
multi-brand platform that is a reference in car subscription offers for used vehicles, a growing 
segment.  
• 
RCI Bank and Services will support Bipi to accelerate its growth and to open new markets, 
together with Bipi’s current supply partners and in conjunction with RCI Bank and Services’ 
dealership partners.

--- Page 107 ---
100 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
Through this acquisition, RCI Bank and Services will extend its range of flexible all-inclusive 
products with multi-brand subscriptions dedicated to used vehicles. Bipi will also enable the 
design of subscription formulae for Mobilize's activities, in order to meet the new expectations of 
car drivers.  
Car subscription represents a market of the future which meets new uses by motorists and customers of car 
manufacturers. This investment and the integration of Bipi within RCI Bank and Services will contribute 
to the strategy of the Renault Group and particularly its Mobilize brand, through the development of offers 
that are more and more flexible and focused on new mobility needs.  
Founded in 2018 in Spain, Bipi is now present in Spain, France and Italy. With 120 employees, it has 
serviced more than 10,000 customers in the last 3 years. Its subscription offer provides a turnkey solution, 
from the subscription to the return of the vehicle. Everything is included in one monthly payment, avoiding 
any surprises or unexpected expenses for the customer. The customer creates a tailor-made subscription: 
he chooses the duration of use of the car (from 1 to 36 months) and can change the mileage, the category 
or model of car according to his needs. They can terminate their subscription at any time and in full 
transparency.  
Car subscription: a buoyant market with a growing demand for flexibility 
Car subscription offers, ultra-flexible car subscriptions, are a recent and growing rental option in the car 
services market. They are positioned halfway between long-term rental formulae and short-term rental, to 
offer maximum flexibility and freedom of choice to the user. Car subscription thus provides answers to a 
new need on the part of customers, in addition to the offers already sold via the distribution dealership 
networks of Renault Group brands. Market experts estimate that this new segment could represent a 
significant share of the car financing market. 
RCI Bank and Services has been experimenting and exploring the prospects of this emerging market, 
through initiatives and offers launched in several countries with local partners. These experiments made it 
possible to measure the commercial development prospects that this new market represents for the Renault 
Group brands and their distribution networks - particularly for second-hand vehicles.  
This exploration phase confirmed the strategic challenge of investing in this recent and dynamic market for 
the group, particularly in the service of future offers proposed by the Mobilize brand. 
RCI Bank and Services will use Bipi´s strengths to develop car subscription journeys and offers in 
close collaboration with Mobilize and the dealers 
RCI Bank and Services has therefore chosen to integrate the Bipi company to deploy turnkey car 
subscription offers. The Bipi company has many assets to act with relevance on the car subscription market: 
a multi-brand platform, equipped with a turnkey offer combining complete logistics in a 100% digital 
process, it will enable the group to intervene rapidly on this buoyant market. 
The Bipi platform’s technology will enable Mobilize to develop flexible subscription services in a simple, 
accessible way that meets the expectations of its customers, who consume their mobility differently, in their 
personal or professional sphere. With Bipi, RCI Bank and Services will thus be able to complete its range 
of offers with hyperflexible products, alongside the flexible leasing offers and loyalty products already 
offered by the group.  
6. Press release dated 8 July 2021  
"Renault Bank, the savings offer of Renault Group, enters the Netherlands via savings platform 
Raisin.nl 
● 
Renault Bank’s first Dutch offer exclusively available on deposits marketplace Raisin.nl 
● 
Renault Bank’s 0.35% p.a. interest rate on overnight money accounts is one of the best in market

--- Page 108 ---
101 
 
 
 
 
 
● 
Renault Bank is a savings offer developed by RCI Bank and Services, the Renault Group 
automotive captive 
● 
A launch in line with RCI Bank and Services’s strategy of diversifying its refinancing sources  
The Renault Group automotive captive RCI Bank and Services and fintech Raisin DS have announced their 
new exclusive cooperation to bring the bank’s first retail banking offer to the Netherlands through the 
Renault Bank brand. Raisin Netherlands (https://www.raisin.nl), a platform operated by the German wealth 
management fintech Raisin DS, now features the Renault Bank overnight money account with a top interest 
rate for the Dutch market of 0.35% p.a.  
Renault Bank becomes Raisin Netherlands’ first French bank 
Today marks the first time a Renault Bank offer is available on a savings marketplace. Simple, effective, 
and secure, the Renault Bank overnight deposit provides the same benefits as the other savings products 
offered by RCI Bank and Services around the world. Launched with the Zesto account in France in 2012, 
RCI Bank and Services’ savings business has continued to grow and is available in seven countries: France, 
Germany (since 2013), Austria (2014), the United Kingdom (2015), Brazil (2019), Spain (2020) and now 
the Netherlands (via Raisin). At the end of December 2020, the net collected deposits of RCI Bank and 
Services totaled 20.5 billion euros or 43% of the company's net assets. 
The Renault Bank offer is Raisin Netherlands’ first French product and Raisin DS’s 18th partner bank 
available in the Netherlands. With this new addition, Raisin.nl is the largest cross-border savings 
marketplace in the Netherlands, with the widest selection of partner banks and saving products on a Dutch 
deposit platform. 
”Extending our savings activity, thanks to the launch of Renault Bank in the Netherlands, aligns with our 
goal of continuing to diversify RCI Bank and Services refinancing sources, without depending on just one 
source of liquidity. This partnership with Raisin also reinforces our continuous path of digital 
transformation to offer the best experience to our customers,” explains João Leandro, CEO of RCI Bank 
and Services. 
“RCI Bank and Services’ selection of Raisin DS as its partner of choice and market entry point for the 
Netherlands is a real vote of confidence in our business model and customer base. As a market leader, 
Raisin is perfectly positioned to deliver transparent, flexible access for all parties involved – for Renault 
Bank it means access to the Dutch market, and for Dutch consumers access to competitive options like the 
Renault Bank offer,” adds Raisin DS Co-CEO Dr. Tamaz Georgadze."  
7. Press release dated 1 July 2021  
"Appointments to the Executive Committee of RCI Bank and Services  
As of July 1, 2021, Pierre-Yves Beaufils will become Chief Compliance Officer, replacing Jean-Louis 
Labauge, who will become Chief Executive Officer of RCI Banque Germany and manager of the Germany, 
Austria and Switzerland zone. He reports to João Leandro, Chief Executive Officer of RCI Bank and 
Services. 
As of September 1, 2021, Marc Lagrené becomes Chief Risk Officer, replacing Patrick Claude. He reports 
to João Leandro, Chief Executive Officer of RCI Bank and Services. Patrick Claude retains his position as 
VP, Group Financial Services at Renault Group and joins the RCI Bank and Services Board of Directors 
and its Risk Committee.  
As of July 1, 2021, Philippe Durand  will join RCI Bank and Services as Director. He has been appointed 
to the Executive Committee as VP, Credit from September 1, 2021, replacing Marc Lagrené. He reports to 
João Leandro, Chief Executive Officer of RCI Bank and Services. 
Pierre-Yves Beaufils

--- Page 109 ---
102 
 
 
 
 
 
Born in 1974 and a graduate of the Ecole Supérieure de Commerce de Paris, Pierre-Yves Beaufils began 
his career at Rhône-Poulenc in 1997 before joining the Audit Department of Renault Group as Internal 
Audit Manager in 1999. In 2002, he took charge of the development of the commercial network for the 
northern regional management of the French Commercial Department.  
In 2005, he joined RCI Bank and Services as holding cost controller until 2006, before moving to Warsaw 
to take up the position of financial director of RCI Banque Poland for four years. He was appointed 
Director of the Credit Risk Department in 2010, then Chief Executive Officer of RCI Financial Services 
Korea in Seoul in 2014. Since September 2018, Pierre-Yves Beaufils held the position of Chief Executive 
Officer of RCI Banque Germany, then of the Germany, Austria and Switzerland zone. As of July 1, 2021, 
he is appointed Chief Compliance Officer of RCI Bank and Services. 
Marc Lagrené 
Born in 1965, Marc Lagrené is a graduate of HEC. He started his career in 1991 at RCI Banque S.A. as 
performance controller. From 1995 to 2010, he held alternating positions in management control and 
credit risk in Italy, at DIAC and at the headquarters of RCI Banque S.A. From 2011 to 2014, he was 
Managing Director of RCI Banque Argentina. In October 2018, after four years in the group internal 
control department, he was appointed Vice President, Customers and Operations of RCI Banque S.A. and 
became a member of the Executive Committee. Since February 1, 2021, he has been VP, Credit on the 
Executive Committee. On September 1, 2021, he will become Chief Risk Officer of RCI Bank and Services. 
Philippe Durand  
Born in 1967, Philippe Durand has spent a large part of his career at Crédit Agricole, first as head of the 
General Inspection Department from 2002 to 2005, then for three years as CFO of BFC Antilles Guyane, 
a subsidiary of Crédit Agricole. He returned to mainland France in 2008 to take up the position of financial 
project manager at Crédit Agricole's head office, where he was responsible, among other things, for 
reorganising the financial and accounting departments of the bank's Serbian and Gabonese subsidiaries. 
He then continued his career in Portugal, as Chief Financial Officer from 2010 to 2014, then as Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer in charge of Finance and IT until 2016, of Banco Credibom, a subsidiary of Crédit 
Agricole Group in which he also joined the Executive Committee. Since 2016, he has held the position of 
Chief Credit Officer of Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance Group. As of September 1, 2021, he will become 
VP, Credit of RCI Bank and Services." 
8. Press release dated 2 March 2021 
"RCI Banque discloses updated binding MREL requirement 
RCI Banque has received the notification from ACPR, the French Prudential and Resolution Supervision 
Authority, implementing the decision of the Single Resolution Board (SRB) and discloses its updated 
binding minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL(1)).  
MREL requirement is no longer defined on consolidated basis but has been set on an individual basis for 
both RCI Banque S.A and its French subsidiary DIAC S.A.  
RCI Banque S.A. MREL requirement has been set at 8% of total risk exposure amount (TREA(2)) and 3% 
of leverage ratio exposure (LRE(3)). 
As of today, RCI Banque S.A. already complies with this MREL requirement. Future requirements will be 
subject to ongoing review. 
(1) MREL: Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities. The Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive (BRRD) requires European banks to maintain a minimum amount of Own 
Funds and Eligible Liabilities that could absorb losses and allow them to restore their capital 
position, allowing banks to continuously perform their critical economic functions during and 
after a crisis. MREL represents one of the key tools in enhancing banks’ resolvability. The purpose 
of this buffer of own funds and eligible liabilities is to avoid banking authorities having to resort

--- Page 110 ---
103 
 
 
 
 
 
to public funds. The MREL is set by the Single Resolution Board (SRB) on a per institution basis. 
The MREL requirement for RCI Banque is defined at an individual level. 
(2) “TREA” means the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 
(3) “LRE” or “leverage ratio exposure” means the total exposure measure calculated in accordance 
with Articles 429 and 429a of Regulation (EU) 575/2013"

--- Page 111 ---
104 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A 
DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN EUR 100,000 
The final terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and must be 
read in conjunction with the base prospectus and its supplement(s). The Base Prospectus and its 
supplement(s) are published in accordance with Article 21 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. In order to get 
the full information both the Base Prospectus and the final terms must be read in conjunction. A summary 
of the individual issue is annexed to the final terms. 
[[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes are eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements 
published by ESMA dated 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under EU MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under EU MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach 
to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment

--- Page 112 ---
105 
 
 
 
 
 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]7 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Date] 
RCI Banque 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) : 96950001WI712W7PQG45 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €23,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 10 November 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
 
7 Insert text unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable".

--- Page 113 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. However, a summary of the issue of 
the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [•]] is/are] available for viewing at the office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents and 
on the websites of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(www.rcibs.com). 
[In case of an offer of Notes initiated under the Base Prospectus dated 10 November 2021 that shall be 
continued beyond the validity of this Base Prospectus, insert the following text: The validity of the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 November 2021, under which the Notes described in these Final Terms have been 
offered, ends on 10 November 2022. From this point in time, these Final Terms are to be read in conjunction 
with the most recent base prospectus of the Issuer for the issuance of Notes (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the Conditions contained in such most recent base prospectus) which follows such most recent 
base prospectus. Such most recent base prospectus and any reference in these Final Terms to "Base 
Prospectus" shall be read as a reference to that most recent base prospectus. Such most recent base 
prospectus of the Issuer for the issuance of Notes will be available for viewing at the office of the Fiscal 
Agent or each of the Paying Agents and on the websites of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.rcibs.com).]  
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 10 November 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated [•]]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 10 November 2021, [and the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [•] [and 
the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [•]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Conditions and the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 November 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [•]]. The Base 
Prospectus is available for viewing at the office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents and on 
the websites of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(www.rcibs.com).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
 
[•] 
 
[(b) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[•] 
[(c) 
Date on which Notes become 
 
assimilated (assimilables) and 
 
form a single series: 
 
[The Notes will be assimilated (assimilables) and form a 
single series (identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests 
in the Definitive Materialised Notes, as referred to in

--- Page 114 ---
107 
 
 
 
 
 
paragraph [•] below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [•] (the "Exchange Date")].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
[(a)] 
Series: 
 
[•] 
 
[(b) 
Tranche: 
 
[•]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•] (in the case of Notes to be 
assimilated with a previous Tranche)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified 
 
 
Denomination(s): 
 
[•] 
 
 
 
[No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR1,000 (or nearly equivalent 
in another currency)] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
 
[•] 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement 
 
 
Date: 
 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
 
[•] or [(for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[•] reference rate]+/- [•] percent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Inflation Linked] 
[Fixed/Floating] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(further particulars specified in Paragraphs 14, 15, 16, or 
17 below (as applicable)) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis or  
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert the date when any 
fixed/floating rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 
and 15 below and identify there.) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at par/[●]  per Calculation Amount.] 
[Inflation 
Linked 
Redemption] 
[Instalment] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 115 ---
108 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Make-whole Redemption] 
[(further particulars specified in Paragraphs 18, 19 or 20 
below (as applicable))] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
12. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
 
[Senior Preferred Notes/Senior Non Preferred Notes] 
 
(b) 
[Date of corporate authorisation 
 
 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
[•] [and [•], respectively]] 
13. 
Method of Distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub- paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/[•] 
in 
arrear] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [insert 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business Day"]/not 
adjusted] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Initial Broken Amount[(s)]: 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
              (e)           Final Broken Amount[(s)]: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Maturity 
Date 
 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
(g) 
[Determination Date(s): 
 
[•] in each year 
 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon 
(N.B.: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
 
[•]

--- Page 116 ---
109 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
[•] 
 
(c) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
 
[•] 
 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(e) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
  
 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF 
Determination] 
 
(g) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
 
 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
 
 
Amount (if not the [Fiscal Agent]): 
 
[[Name]/[Not Applicable]] 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
[Applicable –[IBOR]/[SONIA]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Reference Rate: 
 
[[•] month] [LIBOR][EURIBOR][SONIA] 
- 
Interest Determination 
 
Date(s): 
 
[•] 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[•] 
[- Calculation Method: 
[- Observation Method:  
[Lookback Period: 
 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]] 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]] 
[[specify] London Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA and 
ensure that any Early Redemption Amounts include 
amounts in respect of accrued interest) 
 
(i) 
FBF Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-             FBF Definitions 
 
[As per the Conditions / [●]] 
- 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
 
[•] 
- 
Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
 
[•] 
 
(j) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
[•] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
 
[•] 
- 
Reset Date: 
 
[•]

--- Page 117 ---
110 
 
 
 
 
 
[- 
ISDA Definitions: 
 
[2000/2006]] 
 
(k) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/][•] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Zero / [•] per cent. per annum]8 
 
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[•] per cent. per annum 
               (n)         Rate Multiplier: 
               (o)         Benchmark: 
 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
[USD/LIBOR/EURIBOR/EUR-CMS/USD-CMS] 
 
(p) 
Floating Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/365 (FBF) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/Actual (FBF) /Actual/365 
(Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
/ 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis/ 30E/360(FBF)] 
16. 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Index: 
 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(b) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
 
 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
 
 
Amount(s): 
 
[[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(c) 
Interest Period(s): 
 
[•] 
 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[•] 
 
(e) 
Base Reference: 
 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to: [•]) 
 
(f)  
Rate of Interest: 
 
[•] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio 
 
(g) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
[Amortisation/Accrual]  
 
 
Yield: 
 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
 
[•] 
 
8  
The Minimum Rate of Interest (which shall include the Margin, if any) shall not be less than zero.

--- Page 118 ---
111 
 
 
 
 
 
[Consider whether it is necessary to specify a Day 
Count Fraction for the purposes of Condition 7(g)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
 
(Condition 8(d)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]9 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
 
 
each Note: 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
 
[•] 
19. 
Put Option: 
 
(Condition 8(e)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
 
 
each Note and method, if any, of  
 
 
calculation of such amount(s): 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
 
[•] 
20. 
Make-whole Redemption:10 
 
(Condition 8(f)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]11 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Parties to be notified by Issuer of  
 
 
Make-whole Redemption Date and  
 
 
Make-whole Redemption Amount  
 
 
(if other than set out in Condition 
 
 
8(f)): 
 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin:  
[•] 
 
(c) 
Reference Security: 
 
[•] 
 
(d) 
Reference Dealers: 
 
[•] 
               (e)          Reference Screen Rate:  
 
[•] 
 
9  
In the case of Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes and in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where "Prior approval of the 
Relevant Regulator" is applied in paragraph 23., its exercise may be subject to the prior written approval of the Relevant 
Regulator (as defined in Condition 8(n)).  
10  
If this option is applicable, consider whether a Key Information Document (KID) will need to be prepared. 
11  
Not applicable in the case of Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes.

--- Page 119 ---
112 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
Quotation Agent: 
 
[•] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount:  
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per  
 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption  
 
for taxation reasons or on event of default  
 
and/or the method of calculating the same (if 
 
required or if different from that set out in  
 
Condition8(i): 
 
[•] 
(In case of Inflation Linked Notes, to be determined in 
accordance with Condition[s] 8(g) and 8(i). For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the event Final Redemption 
Amount calculated as per Condition 8(g) or the Early 
Redemption Amount as per Condition 8(i) is below 
par, the Notes will be redeemed at par.) 
 
 
 
22. 
Events of Default for Senior Preferred 
Notes: 
 
 
 
[The Events of Default specified in Condition 11(a) 
are applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
23.         Prior Approval of the Relevant Regulator:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
(Only applicable in relation to Senior Preferred 
Notes) 
24.        Gross-up on payments of Principal: 
 
[The gross-up on payments of Principal referred to in 
Condition 7(h) and Condition 9 is applicable/not 
applicable] 
(In case of Notes that are MREL-eligible or intended 
to be MREL-eligible, not applicable should be 
selected) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) (Delete as 
appropriate) 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
 
[Not Applicable/Bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur)[/Registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif)]] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable give name and details 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to Registered Notes only)]] 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
 
[Not 
Applicable 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on the 
Exchange Date, being 40 calendar days after the Issue 
Date subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate]

--- Page 120 ---
113 
 
 
 
 
 
26. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special  
 
provisions relating to payment days: 
 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment and not interest period end dates to which 
sub-paragraphs 14(b), 15(b) and16(d) relate) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
 
be attached to Definitive Materialised  
Notes (and dates 
 
on which such Talons mature): 
 
[Yes/No] 
28. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes:  
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amounts: 
 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Dates: 
 
[•] 
29. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and  
 
reconventioning provisions: 
 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 5] apply] 
30. 
Consolidation provisions: 
 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 15] 
apply] 
31. 
Representation of Noteholders/Masse: 
 
[Condition 13 applies]/[Condition 13 replaced by the 
full provisions of French Code of Commerce relating 
to the Masse] (Note that in respect of any Tranche of 
Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 
inside France, Condition 13 must be disapplied in its 
entirety and replaced by the provisions of French Code 
of Commerce relating to the Masse.) 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: [●]] 
[The Representative will be entitled to a remuneration 
of [•] per year/The Representative will not be entitled 
to a remuneration] 
DISTRIBUTION 
32. 
(a) 
If syndicated, names and  
 
 
addresses of Managers and 
 
 
underwriting commitments: 
 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
(b) 
Date of [Subscription]  
 
 
Agreement: 
 
[•]

--- Page 121 ---
114 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any):  
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
33. 
If non-syndicated, name and addresses of 
 
Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
34. 
Total commission and concession: 
 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
35. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 1; TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
36. 
Non-exempt Offer: 
 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be made 
by the Managers [and [•]] other than pursuant to Article 
1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in [specify 
relevant Member State(s) - which must be jurisdictions 
where the Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported] ("Public Offer Jurisdictions") during the 
period from [•] until [•] ("Offer Period"). 
37.        Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute a packaged retail 
and insurance-based investment product under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute a packaged retail 
and insurance-based investment product under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified) 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 122 ---
115 
 
 
 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
Admission and trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be [Euronext Paris] / [specify relevant 
market] with effect from [•].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [•]] with effect from [•].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(Where documenting an assimilated issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not rated./The Notes to be issued [are]/[are 
expected to be] rated [•]: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"): [•]] 
[Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"): [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
(*The exact legal name of the rating agency entity providing 
the rating should be specified-for example "S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ", rather than just S&P.) 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
 
Option 1- CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). As such [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
[is/are] included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and markets Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation.

--- Page 123 ---
116 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Option 2 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation"), 
although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
 
Option 3 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation). 
 
Option 4 – CRA not established in the EEA but relevant 
rating is endorsed by a EU CRA which is established and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating 
it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation but 
CRA is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
 
Option 6 -CRA neither established in the EEA nor 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA and is not 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency

--- Page 124 ---
117 
 
 
 
 
 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating agency] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by a credit agency which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
[The Notes are not rated.] 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
The competent authority in France has provided the [names of competent authorities of host 
Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up 
in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in [•], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes 
has an interest material to the offer."][Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i)] 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[General financing purposes of the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries.]/[•] 
 
(If reasons for offer to the public or for the admission 
to trading different to the "Use of Proceeds" wording

--- Page 125 ---
118 
 
 
 
 
 
in Base Prospectus, will need to include those reasons 
here.) 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority.  If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•] 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses] 
6. 
FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY –YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation 
in summary form] on the Issue Date. 
7. 
FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES AND BENCHMARKS 
(i) Historic interest rates 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/LIBOR/other] 
rates 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
[Reuters 
page/other]. [Include details of where past and 
further performance of the underlying and its 
volatility can be obtained]. 
 
(ii) Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [•] which is provided 
by [•]. As at [•], [•] [appears/does not appear] 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
"EU Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the 
Issuer is aware the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that [•] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
8. 
INFLATION LINKED NOTES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX, EXPLANATION OF 
EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING  
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Information about the Index, its volatility and past and future performance can be 
obtained: [•]

--- Page 126 ---
119 
 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]/Not Applicable] 
10. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price] [•] 
(Where an indication of the expected price cannot be 
given, add a description of the method of determining 
the price, pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, and the process for its disclosure) 
Indicate the amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
The time period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer will 
be open and description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription 
[Not Applicable/[•]]

--- Page 127 ---
120 
 
 
 
 
 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised: 
If the offer is being made simultaneously 
in the markets of two or more countries 
and if a tranche has been or is being 
reserved for certain of these, indicate any 
such tranche: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
Not Applicable/[•]] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(Where the Issuer is subject to Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 or Directive 2014/65/EU and to the extent 
that they are known, include those expenses contained 
in the price) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[None/[•]] 
11. 
PLACING AND UNDERWRITING 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) 
of the global offer and of single parts of 
the offer:12 
[•] 
Name and address of any paying agents 
and depository agents in each country (in 
addition to the Principal Paying Agent): 
[•] 
Names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis, and entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment 
or under "best efforts" arrangements:13 
[•] 
When the underwriting agreement has 
been or will be reached: 
[•] 
Name and address of entities which have a 
firm commitment to act as intermediaries 
in secondary trading: 
[•] (In the case of admission to trading on a regulated 
market only) 
 
12  To the extent known to the Issuer, include also the names and addresses of the placers in the various countries where the offer 
takes place. 
13  Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered.

--- Page 128 ---
121

--- Page 129 ---
122 
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEX –ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
(Issuer to annex issue specific summary to the final terms)

--- Page 130 ---
123 
 
 
 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A 
DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST EUR 100,000 
The final terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and its supplement(s). The Base Prospectus and its 
supplement(s) are published in accordance with Article 21 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. In order to get 
the full information both the Base Prospectus and the final terms must be read in conjunction. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes are eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach 
to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the

--- Page 131 ---
124 
 
 
 
 
 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 [Date] 
RCI Banque 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 96950001WI712W7PQG45 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €23,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 10 November 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]] [is/are] available for viewing at the office of the Fiscal Agent 
or each of the Paying Agents and on the websites of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-
france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.rcibs.com). 
[In case of an offer of Notes initiated under the Base Prospectus dated 10 November 2021 that shall be 
continued beyond the validity of this Base Prospectus, insert the following text: The validity of the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 November 2021 under which the Notes described in these Final Terms have been 
offered, ends on 10 November 2022. From this point in time, these Final Terms are to be read in conjunction 
with the most recent base prospectus of the Issuer for the issuance of Notes (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the Conditions contained in such most recent base prospectus) which follows such most recent 
base prospectus. Such most recent base prospectus and any reference in these Final Terms to "Base 
Prospectus" shall be read as a reference to that most recent base prospectus. Such most recent base 
prospectus of the Issuer for the issuance of Notes will be available for viewing at the office of the Fiscal 
Agent or each of the Paying Agents and on the websites of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.rcibs.com).]  
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [●] [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus 
dated [•]]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 10 November 2021, [and the supplement[s] to the Base

--- Page 132 ---
125 
 
 
 
 
 
Prospectus dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [•] [and 
the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [•]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Conditions and the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 November 2021 and [•] [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [•]]. The 
Base Prospectus is available for viewing at the office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents and 
on the websites of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(www.rcibs.com).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
 
[•] 
 
[(b) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[•] 
 
[(c) 
Date on which Notes become 
 
 
fungible: 
 
[The Notes will be assimilated (assimilables) and form a 
single series (identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests 
in the Definitive Materialised Notes, as referred to in 
paragraph [•] below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [•] (the "Exchange Date")].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
[(a)] 
Series: 
 
[•] 
 
[(b) 
Tranche: 
 
[•]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•] (in the case of Notes to be 
assimilated with a previous Tranche)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
 
[•] 
[Note – where multiple denominations above 100,000 or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording 
should be followed: 
 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000.  No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
€199,000.")] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
 
[•]

--- Page 133 ---
126 
 
 
 
 
 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement 
 
 
Date: 
 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
 
[•] or [(for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[•] +/- [•] percent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Inflation Linked] 
[Fixed/Floating] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(further particulars specified in Paragraphs 14, 15, 16 or 
17 below (as applicable)) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis or  
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [insert the date when any 
fixed/floating rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 
14 and 15 below and identify there. ] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at par/[●]  per Calculation Amount.] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
[Instalment]  
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Investor Put][Issuer Call] 
[Make-whole Redemption] 
 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in Paragraphs 18, 19 or 20 
below (as applicable))] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
12. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
 
[Senior Preferred Notes/Senior Non Preferred Notes] 
(b) 
[Date of corporate authorisation 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
[•] [and [•], respectively]] 
 
13. 
Method of Distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub- paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 134 ---
127 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/[•]] 
in 
arrear 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [insert 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business Day"]/[not 
adjusted] 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Initial Broken Amount[(s)]: 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
              (e)           Final Broken Amount[(s)]: 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Maturity 
Date 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[30/360 / Actual /Actual (ICMA) / Actual / 365 
(Fixed)] 
(g) 
[Determination Date(s): 
 
[•] in each year 
 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon 
(N.B.: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
 
[•] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
[•] 
(c) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
 
[•] 
 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(e) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of  
 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF 
Determination] 
(g) 
Party responsible for calculating  
 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or  
 
Interest Amount (if not the [Fiscal  
 
Agent]): 
 
[[Name]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 135 ---
128 
 
 
 
 
 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
[Applicable –[IBOR]/[SONIA]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Reference Rate: 
 
[[•] month] [LIBOR][EURIBOR][SONIA] 
- 
Interest Determination 
 
Date(s): 
 
[•] 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[•] 
[- Calculation Method: 
[- Observation Method:  
[- Lookback Period: 
 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]] 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]] 
[[specify] London Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA and 
ensure that any Early Redemption Amounts include 
amounts in respect of accrued interest) 
(i) 
FBF Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
-             FBF Definitions 
 
[As per the Conditions / [●]] 
- 
Floating Rate (Taux 
 
 Variable): 
 
[•] 
- 
Floating Rate 
 
Determination Date (Date 
 
de Détermination du Taux 
 
Variable): 
 
[•] 
(j) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
[•] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
 
[•] 
- 
Reset Date: 
 
[•] 
[- 
ISDA Definitions: 
 
[2000/2006]] 
(k) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/][•] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Zero /[•] per cent. per annum]14 
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(n)         Rate Multiplier: 
(o)         Benchmark: 
      [[●]/Not applicable] 
[USD/LIBOR/EURIBOR/EUR-CMS/USD-CMS] 
 
14  The Minimum Rate of Interest (including the Margin, if any) shall not be less than zero.

--- Page 136 ---
129 
 
 
 
 
 
(p) 
Floating Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/365 (FBF) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/Actual (FBF) Actual/365 
(Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
/ 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (FBF)] 
16. 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index: 
 
[CPI/HICP] 
(b) 
Party responsible for calculating  
 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or  
 
Interest Amount(s): 
 
[[•] /[Not Applicable]] 
(c) 
Interest Period(s): 
 
[•] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[•] 
(e) 
Base Reference: 
 
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [     ]) 
(f)  
Rate of Interest: 
 
[•] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio 
(g) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
 
[•] 
(Consider whether it is necessary to specify a Day 
Count Fraction for the purposes of Condition 7(g)) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
(Condition 8(d)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]15 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[•] 
 
15  In the case of Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes and in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where "Prior approval of the 
Relevant Regulator" is applied in paragraph 23., its exercise may be subject to the prior written approval of the Relevant 
Regulator (as defined in Condition 8(n)).

--- Page 137 ---
130 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice period: 
 
[•] 
19. 
Put Option: 
(Condition 8(e)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[•] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice period: 
 
[•] 
20. 
Make-whole Redemption: 
(Condition 8(f)) 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]16 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Parties to be notified by Issuer of 
Make-whole Redemption Date and Make-
whole Redemption Amount (if other than 
set out in Condition 8(f)): 
 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin:  
[•] 
(c) 
Reference Security: 
 
[•] 
(d) 
Reference Dealers: 
 
[•] 
               (e)          Reference Screen Rate:  
 
[•] 
(f) 
Quotation Agent: 
 
[•] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount:   
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default 
and/or the method of calculating the same 
(if required or if different from that set out 
in Condition 8(i): 
 
[•] 
(In case of Inflation Linked Notes, to be determined 
in accordance with Condition[s] 8(g) and 8(i). For 
the avoidance of doubt, in the event Final 
Redemption Amount calculated as per Condition 8(g) 
or the Early Redemption Amount calculated as per 
Condition 8(i) is below par, the Notes will be 
redeemed at par.) 
22. 
Events of Default for Senior Preferred 
Notes: 
 
[The Events of Default specified in Condition 11(a) 
are applicable/not applicable]. 
 
16  Not applicable in the case of Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
131 
 
 
 
 
 
23.          Prior Approval of the Relevant 
Regulator: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable in relation to Senior Preferred 
Notes) 
24.        Gross-up on payments of Principal: 
 
[The gross-up on payments of Principal referred to in 
Condition 7(h) and Condition 9 is applicable/not 
applicable] 
(In case of Notes that are MREL-eligible or intended 
to be MREL-eligible, not applicable should be 
selected) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) (Delete 
as appropriate) 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
 
[Not Applicable/Bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur)[/Registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif)]] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable give name and details 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to Registered Notes only)]] 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
 
[Not Applicable Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on the 
Exchange Date, being 40 calendar days after the Issue 
Date subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
26. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
 
provisions relating to payment days: 
 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment and not interest period end dates to which 
sub-paragraphs 14(b), 15(b) and 16(d) relate) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
 
be attached to Definitive Materialised 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature): 
 
[Yes/No] 
28. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes:  
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amounts: 
 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Dates: 
 
[•] 
29. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
 
reconventioning provisions: 
 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 5] 
apply]

--- Page 139 ---
132 
 
 
 
 
 
30. 
Consolidation provisions: 
 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 15] 
apply] 
31. 
Representation of Noteholders/Masse: 
 
Condition 13 applies.  
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: 
[●]]  
[The Representative will be entitled to a remuneration 
of [•] per year/The Representative will not be entitled 
to a remuneration] 
DISTRIBUTION 
32. 
(a) 
If syndicated, names and 
 
 
addresses of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
(b) 
Date of [Subscription]  
 
 
Agreement: 
 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any):  
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
33. 
If non-syndicated, name and addresses of 
 
Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
34. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 1; TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
35. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute a packaged retail 
and insurance-based investment product under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute a packaged retail 
and insurance-based investment product under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified) 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 140 ---
133 
 
 
 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Admission and trading 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be [Euronext Paris] / [specify relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [•].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [•]] with effect from [•].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting an assimilated issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii)  
Estimate of total expenses  
 
related to the admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not rated./The Notes to be issued [are]/[are 
expected to be] rated [•]:  
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")][•] 
[Moody's France SAS ("Moody's")][•] 
[[Other]:[•]] 
(*The exact legal name of the rating agency entity providing the 
rating should be specified-for example "S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited", rather than just S&P.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
Option 1- CRA established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). As such [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] [is/are] included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and 
markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.

--- Page 141 ---
134 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation but has applied for registration 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for registration 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA but relevant rating 
is endorsed by a EU CRA which is established and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating it 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation but CRA 
is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA nor certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA and is not 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating agency] has given 
to the Notes is endorsed by a credit agency which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009

--- Page 142 ---
135 
 
 
 
 
 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
[The Notes are not rated.] 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
The competent authority in France has provided the [names of competent authorities of host 
Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn 
up in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in [•], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes 
has an interest material to the offer."][Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i)] 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[General financing purposes of the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries.]/[•] 
 
(If reasons for the admission to trading are different to 
the "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus, will 
need to include those reasons here.) 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority.  If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.)

--- Page 143 ---
136 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•] 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses] 
 
6. 
FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY –YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date. 
7. 
FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
(i) Historic interest rates 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/LIBOR/other] 
rates 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
[Reuters 
page/other]. [Include details of where past and 
further performance of the underlying and its 
volatility can be obtained]. 
 
(ii) Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [•] which is 
provided by [•]. As at [•], [•] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
"EU Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as 
the Issuer is aware the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [•] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
8. 
INFLATION LINKED NOTES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX, EXPLANATION OF 
EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Information about the Index, its volatility and past and future performance can be 
obtained: [•] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[•]

--- Page 144 ---
137 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 145 ---
138 
 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in a Programme Agreement dated 10 November 2021 (the "Programme Agreement", 
which expression includes the same as it may be updated or supplemented from time to time), agreed with 
the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such 
agreement for any particular purchase by a Dealer will extend to those matters stated under Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and Form of the Notes above. The Issuer may pay the Dealers commissions from 
time to time in connection with the sale of any Notes. In the Programme Agreement the Issuer has agreed 
to reimburse and indemnify the Dealers for certain of their expenses and liabilities in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme and the issue of the Notes. The Dealers are entitled to be released and 
discharged from their obligations in relation to any agreement to issue and purchase Notes under the 
Programme Agreement in certain circumstances prior to payment to the Issuer. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer, distribution or sale of Notes may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that this document may be 
lawfully distributed, or that the Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of the Notes outside the EEA 
or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, 
the Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations; and the Dealers have 
represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. 
In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes 
in the United States, the United Kingdom, the EEA (Belgium, Italy, the Netherlands and France) and Japan. 
(a) 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. persons.  Each of 
the Dealers has agreed that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, 
sell or deliver the Notes within the United States or to U.S. persons.  In addition, until 40 calendar 
days after the commencement of any offering, an offer or sale of Notes from that offering within 
the United States by any dealer whether or not participating in the offering may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
(b) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(A) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or

--- Page 146 ---
139 
 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II; or  
(C) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and  
(ii) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
(c) 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
that Member State:  
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant 
to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which 
has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member 
State, provided that (i) the Issuer has given its written consent and (ii) any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt 
Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable; 
 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation; 
 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes" in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 147 ---
140 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail 
investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(iii) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iv) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(v) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, and 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would 
not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
(e) 
Japan  
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act") and has agreed or will agree, as the case may be, that it will not 
offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in 
Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation 
or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
(f) 
France 
Each Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 148 ---
141 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
it has only made and will only make a Non-exempt Offer in France and it has distributed 
or caused to be distributed and will distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in 
France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes in the period (i) beginning on the date of publication of the Base 
Prospectus in relation to those Notes which has been approved by the Autorité des 
Marchés Financiers (“AMF”) in France and (ii) ending at the latest on the date which is 
twelve (12) months after the date of approval of the Base Prospectus all in accordance 
with Articles L.412-1 and L.621-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier and the 
Règlement général of the AMF, as amended from time to time, and any other applicable 
French law or regulation; or 
(ii) 
Private placement: 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to 
qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) in France as defined by Article L.411-2 1° of 
the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only distributed or caused to be 
distributed to such qualified investors in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes.  
(g) 
Belgium 
The following selling restriction shall apply to offers of Notes in Belgium in addition to the "Public 
Offer Selling Restrictions under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
Notes to Belgian Consumers, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes to Belgian Consumers. 
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch 
recht/code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located 
in Belgium and any acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
(h) 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società 
e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus 
or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance 
with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i)        made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 (in each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and 
regulations;  
(ii)       in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of

--- Page 149 ---
142 
 
 
 
 
 
securities in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy 
issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016); and 
(iii)      in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
(i) 
Netherlands 
For selling restrictions in respect of The Netherlands, see "Public Offer Selling Restriction Under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation" above and in addition: 
Compliance with Dutch Savings Certificates Act: Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in 
definitive form of the Issuer may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, 
from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm of 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. No such mediation 
is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a Zero 
Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive 
form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon 
Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, 
or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into 
The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an 
interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series are issued outside The 
Netherlands and are not distributed into The Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or 
immediately thereafter. In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification 
requirements in relation to the issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to 
be complied with. As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that 
constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due 
during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
(j) 
Denmark  
An offer of the Notes may only be made in Denmark: 
(i) 
if: 
(A) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplements hereto have been approved by a 
competent financial regulator in another EU/EEA Member State; and 
(B) 
the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority and the European Securities and 
Markets Authority have been notified pursuant to Article 25 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation as envisaged in Article 24 of the EU Prospectus Regulation; and  
(C) 
the Base Prospectus is valid pursuant to Article 12 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; or 
(ii) 
in reliance on one or more of the exemptions from the requirement to prepare and publish 
a prospectus in the EU Prospectus Regulation and the Danish Consolidated Act No. 377 
of 2 April 2020, as amended, on Capital Markets (lov om kapitalmarkeder). 
This Base Prospectus or any material relating hereto may not otherwise be made available, nor 
may the Notes otherwise be marketed and/or offered for sale, in Denmark. 
(k) 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree (to the best of its knowledge and belief) to comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells the Notes or possesses or distributes

--- Page 150 ---
143 
 
 
 
 
 
the Base Prospectus and to obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries 
and neither the Issuer nor any Dealers shall have responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any 
such sale 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 151 ---
144 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Approval of Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, as competent authority under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Expiration of Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus will be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for a period of 
twelve (12) months after its approval by the AMF and will expire on 10 November 2022, provided that it 
shall be supplemented pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of 
a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
(including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of the Notes.. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
Authorisation and consents 
All necessary consents for the issue of Notes have been obtained by the Issuer. 
A resolution was passed by the Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration) of the Issuer on 1 December 
2020 whereby the Board approved all issuances of securities under the Programme until 31 December 2021 
and authorised Joao Miguel Leandro, Directeur Général, and/or François Guionnet, Directeur Général 
Délégué and Directeur des Territoires et de la Performance, and/or Jean-Marc Saugier, Directeur Général 
Délégué and Directeur Financements et Trésorerie, acting separately, to authorise the issuances under the 
Programme. 
Admission to trading of Notes 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or any other Regulated Market in any Member State of the EEA.  
Conditions for determination of price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Material or significant change 
Save as disclosed in the section "Recent Developments" of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of RCI Banque since 31 December 2020, being the date of the latest 
published annual audited accounts of RCI Banque and the RCI Banque group, respectively and there has 
been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the RCI Banque group since 
30 June 2021. 
Litigation 
Neither RCI Banque nor any member of the RCI Banque group are or have been engaged in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus

--- Page 152 ---
145 
 
 
 
 
 
which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects, on the financial position or profitability 
of RCI Banque or the RCI Banque group.  
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not, directly or indirectly, entered into any material contracts (other than contracts in the 
ordinary course of business) which could result in it being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to its ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of Notes it has issued.  
Auditors 
KPMG S.A. of Tour EQHO, 2, avenue Gambetta, CS6055, 92066 Paris La Défense Cedex, France and 
Ernst & Young Audit of 1/2, place des Saisons, 92400 Courbevoie, Paris La Défense 1, France have acted 
as auditors to the Issuer with respect to the financial year ending 31 December 2019 and KPMG S.A. of 
Tour EQHO, 2, avenue Gambetta, CS6055, 92066 Paris La Défense Cedex, France and Mazars, Tour 
Exaltis, 61 rue Henri Regnault 92400 Courbevoie, France with respect to the financial year ending 31 
December 2020 and the half-year financial statements as at 30 June 2021. The statutory auditors are 
independent with respect to the Issuer as required by the laws of the French Republic and under the 
applicable professional rules of the "Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes". 
The statutory auditors are members of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de 
Versailles and are registered with the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes (official 
statutory auditors’ representative body). They are subject to the authority of the Haut Conseil du 
Commissariat aux Comptes (French High Council of Statutory Auditors). 
Documents available for inspection and collection 
The Agency Agreement will be available for inspection, during usual business hours or any weekday 
(Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), at the office of the Fiscal Agency or each of the Paying 
Agents and the following documents can be inspected on the website of the Issuer 
(www.rcibs.com/en/finance/debt-programmes): 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference and any supplements to 
this Base Prospectus); and 
(b) 
copies of any Final Terms. 
Websites 
The information on any websites included in this Base Prospectus has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the AMF and do not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream (which are the entities in 
charge of keeping the records). The ISIN or other appropriate codes for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear 
and Clearstream and details of any other agreed clearing system (including Euroclear France) will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Transactions will normally be effected for settlement not earlier 
than two calendar days after the date of the transaction. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210, Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42, avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg.

--- Page 153 ---
146 
 
 
 
 
 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) will also be inscribed either with the 
Issuer or with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France.  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 96950001WI712W7PQG45. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information, if not otherwise required by all applicable 
laws and regulations. 
Yield 
The yield in respect of the Notes is calculated on the basis on the issue price of the Notes and the rate of 
interest applicable to the Notes and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. It is not an indication of 
future yield.  
Offer Price  
If, as at the date of the Final Terms for a particular offer of Notes, the Offer Price cannot be determined, a 
description of the method of determining such Offer Price and the process for its disclosure will be included 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot or effect transactions which support the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 calendar days after the date of 
the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
No independent verification by Dealers 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required

--- Page 154 ---
147 
 
 
 
 
 
by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 155 ---
148 
 
 
 
 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PROSPECTUS 
Persons responsible for the Prospectus 
RCI Banque, 15 rue d'Uzès, 75002 Paris, France. 
Declaration by persons responsible for the Prospectus 
To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
RCI Banque 
15 rue d'Uzès 
75002 Paris 
France 
Duly represented by Jean-Marc Saugier in his position as Directeur Financements et Trésorerie 
authorised signatory pursuant to the resolution of the Conseil d'administration dated 1 December 2020 
Signed in Paris 
Dated 10 November 2021 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 10 November 2021 and is valid until 10 November 2022 
and, during such period and in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, shall be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors 
or inaccuracies. The approval number applicable to this Base Prospectus is n° 21-486.

--- Page 156 ---
149 
 
 
 
 
 
RCI BANQUE 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE 
 
15 rue d'Uzès 
75002 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 04 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
FISCAL AGENT AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS 
AS TO FRENCH LAW 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1 Rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
AUDITORS 
KPMG S.A. 
Tour EQHO 
2, avenue Gambetta 
CS6055 
92066 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
Mazars 
61, rue Henri Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France