--- Page 1 ---
10203988118-v4
- 1 -
66-41016515
BASE PROSPECTUS
RED ELÉCTRICA FINANCIACIONES, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain)
Guaranteed by
RED ELÉCTRICA CORPORACIÓN, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain)
and
RED ELÉCTRICA DE ESPAÑA, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain)
EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus"), Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The payments of all amounts due in respect 
of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by each of Red Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and Red Eléctrica 
de España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (each a "Guarantor" and together the "Guarantors").
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), which is the 
Luxembourg competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance 
with Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes issued under the 
Programme  described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The CSSF assumes no responsibility 
for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in 
accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act dated 6 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities and has only approved the Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is 
valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval, being 11 June 2021. Applications have been made for Bearer Notes (defined 
below) to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list and to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). The Programme also permits Bearer Notes (as defined below) to be issued on the basis 
that they will be admitted to listing and trading on another Regulated Market for the purposes of MiFID II, in each case, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). References in the Base Prospectus to the Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Notes have been admitted to listing on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the Spanish Regulated 
Fixed Income Securities Market ("AIAF") or another Regulated Market for the purposes of MiFID II, as applicable. Such approval for 
admission to trading relates only to the issue of Notes under the Programme during the period of twelve months after the date hereof, which 
are to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). The Programme also permits Book-entry Notes (as defined below) to be issued on the 
basis that they will be admitted to trading on the AIAF. The CSSF has neither reviewed, nor approved any information in relation to such 
Book-entry Notes.
Any notes under this Programme may be issued in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) ("Book-entry 
Notes"), or in bearer form ("Bearer Notes", and together with the Book-entry Notes, the "Notes").  
Each Series (as defined below) of Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a "Temporary 
Global Note") or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a "Permanent Global Note" and together with the Temporary Global Notes, 
the "Global Notes"). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, the Global 
Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Series to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Global notes which are not issued in 
NGN form ("Classic Global Notes" or "CGNs") will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Series with a common depositary on behalf 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes 
for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Bearer Notes while in Global Form".
Each Series (as defined below) of Book-entry Notes will be registered with the Spanish Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, 
Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal ("Iberclear") as managing entity of the central registry of the Spanish clearance

--- Page 2 ---
10203988118-v4
- 2 -
66-41016515
and settlement system (the "Spanish Central Registry"). Consequently, no global certificates will be issued in respect of such Book-entry 
Notes. Clearing and settlement relating to the Book-entry Notes, as well as payment of interest and redemption of principal amounts, will be 
performed within Iberclear’s account-based system.
Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. As at the date of the Base Prospectus, each of Fitch Ratings España, S.A.U. 
("Fitch") and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") has rated the Programme A- (long-term) and F1 (short-term), and A- (long-term) 
and A-2 (short-term), respectively. Each of Fitch and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). The rating Fitch has given to the Programme is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, and 
the rating S&P has given to the Programme is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited. Fitch Ratings Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited are established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (or which has applied for registration and not been refused) or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.
This Base Prospectus is available for inspection at www.bourse.lu and www.ree.es.
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from its date of approval and for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its twelve-month validity period. This Base Prospectus will expire on 
11 June 2022.
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below.
Arranger
DEUTSCHE BANK
Dealers
BBVA
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS
CaixaBank
Citigroup
Deutsche Bank
J.P. Morgan
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking
11 June 2021

--- Page 3 ---
10203988118-v4
- 3 -
66-41016515
TABLE OF CONTENTS
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..........................................................................................4
RISK FACTORS....................................................................................................................................................10
IMPORTANT NOTICES.......................................................................................................................................21
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.........................................................................................25
USE OF PROCEEDS.............................................................................................................................................31
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES....................................................................................32
FORMS OF THE NOTES .....................................................................................................................................33
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BEARER NOTES..................................................................................35
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BOOK-ENTRY NOTES........................................................................35
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BEARER NOTES......................................................................................92
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BOOK-ENTRY NOTES ...........................................................................92
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .......................125
SUMMARY OF CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES APPLICABLE TO BOOK–ENTRY 
NOTES………………………………………………………………………………………………………….129
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ......................................................................................................................130
DESCRIPTION 
OF 
RED 
ELÉCTRICA 
CORPORACIÓN, 
SOCIEDAD 
ANÓNIMA 
AND 
ITS 
CONSOLIDATED GROUP ......................................................................................................................132
DESCRIPTION OF RED ELÉCTRICA DE ESPAÑA, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL ...............140
TAXATION .........................................................................................................................................................150
ANNEX I Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax 
inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to 
apply taxes...................................................................................................................................157
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.............................................................................................................................158
GENERAL INFORMATION ..............................................................................................................................162

--- Page 4 ---
10203988118-v4
- 4 -
66-41016515
 GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including any information incorporated 
by reference. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer:
Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal.
Guarantors:
Red Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and Red Eléctrica de 
España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal.
Risk Factors:
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors to fulfil their respective obligations under 
the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors".
Arranger:
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft.
Dealers:
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, CaixaBank, S.A., 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch, J.P. Morgan AG and any other Dealer appointed from time 
to time by the Issuer and the Guarantors either generally in respect 
of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series of Notes.
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.
Luxembourg Listing Agent:
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A.
Local Paying Agent:
Deutsche Bank S.A.E. 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Drawdown 
Prospectus:
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to 
a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Series of Notes will be the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, as supplemented and/or amended in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus.
Listing and Trading:
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official 
list and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the 
basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer, in particular on 
AIAF.
Clearing Systems:
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any 
Series of Bearer Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and Iberclear in relation to any Series of 
Notes.
Initial Programme Amount:
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at 
any one time.

--- Page 5 ---
10203988118-v4
- 5 -
66-41016515
Rating
The Programme has been rated A- (long-term) and F1 (short-term) 
by Fitch and A- (long-term) and A-2 (short-term) by S&P. Fitch and 
S&P are established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. The rating Fitch has given to the Programme is endorsed 
by Fitch Ratings Ltd, and the rating S&P has given to the Programme 
is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited. Fitch Ratings Ltd 
and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited are established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to 
the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Issuance in Series:
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and 
the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Notes of different denominations.
Forms of Notes:
Bearer Notes and Book-entry Notes
Registration, clearing, settlement, 
title and transfer:
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global 
Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an 
interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of 
interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons.
The Book-entry Notes will be registered with Iberclear, which is the 
Spanish Central Securities Depository, with its registered address at 
Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 28014, Madrid, Spain. Holders of a beneficial 
interest in the Book-entry Notes who do not have, directly or 
indirectly through their custodians, a participating account with 
Iberclear may participate in the Book-entry Notes through bridge 
accounts maintained by each of Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 6 ---
10203988118-v4
- 6 -
66-41016515
Luxembourg with Iberclear.
Title to the Book-entry Notes will be evidenced by book-entries and 
each person shown in the Spanish Central Registry managed by 
Iberclear and in the registries maintained by the respective 
participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear (the 
"Iberclear Members") as being the holder of the Book-entry Notes 
shall be considered the holder of the principal amount of the Book-
entry Notes recorded therein. The "Holder" of a Book-entry Note 
means the person in whose name such Note is for the time being 
registered in the Spanish Central Registry managed by Iberclear or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member accounting book 
and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly and when 
appropriate, means owners of a beneficial interest in the Book-entry 
Notes. 
The Book-entry Notes will be issued without any restrictions on their 
free transferability. Consequently, the Book-entry Notes may be 
transferred and title to the Book-entry Notes may pass (subject to 
Spanish law and to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions 
and requirements of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Iberclear Member) upon registration in the relevant registry of each 
Iberclear Member and / or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Holder 
will be treated as the legitimate owner (titular legítimo) of the 
relevant Book-entry Notes for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any 
interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued 
in respect of it) and no person will be liable for so treating the Holder.
Currencies:
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements.
Status of the Notes:
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis.
Status of the Deed of Guarantee:
Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantors, on an unsubordinated basis, as set out in a deed of 
guarantee dated 11 June 2021 (the "Deed of Guarantee").
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantors and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions.
Maturities:
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements.
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
(b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such 
Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other

--- Page 7 ---
10203988118-v4
- 7 -
66-41016515
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer.
Payments in respect of Book-entry 
Notes:
Payments in respect of the Book-entry Notes (in terms of both 
principal and interest) will be made by transfer to the registered 
account of the relevant Holder maintained by or on behalf of it with 
a bank that has access to the TARGET2 System, details of which 
appear in the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Iberclear Member at close of business on the day immediately 
preceding the Business Day on which the payment of principal or 
interest, as the case may be, falls due. Holders must rely on the 
procedures of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear 
Member to receive payments under the relevant Notes. None of the 
Issuer or the Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Dealers will have 
any responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments 
made in respect of the Notes.
Redemption:
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount, which shall not be less than par, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption:
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, as further 
described in Conditions 8(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
and 8(e) (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders), respectively. 
Residual Maturity Redemption:
Notes may be redeemed at their principal amount plus accrued 
interest within the last three months (in the case of Notes with a 
maturity of not more than ten years) or within the last six months (in 
the case of Notes with a maturity of more than ten years) before their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (in whole but not in part) 
to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, as further 
described in Condition 8(g) (Residual Maturity Call Option).
Substantial 
Purchase 
Event 
Redemption:
In addition, if the relevant Final Terms so specify, the Issuer shall 
have the option, in the event of a Substantial Purchase Event, to 
redeem or purchase the relevant Notes at their principal amount plus 
accrued interest, as further described in Condition 8(f) (Redemption 
following a Substantial Purchase Event).
Tax Redemption:
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax 
reasons). 
Interest:
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity 
date of the relevant Series.

--- Page 8 ---
10203988118-v4
- 8 -
66-41016515
Denominations:
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers and as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be such as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the specified currency and save that (a) the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the European Economic Area or within the 
United Kingdom or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be EUR 100,000 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency); and (b) unless otherwise 
permitted by then current laws and regulations Notes which have a 
maturity of less than one year from their date of issue will have a 
minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency).
Negative Pledge:
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge).
Cross-Default:
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 11(c) (Events of Default - Cross-Default of Issuer or 
Guarantors).
Taxation:
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of the Kingdom of Spain, as the case may be, 
unless the withholding is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
will (subject as provided in Condition 10 (Taxation)) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had 
no such withholding been required.
In addition to certain customary exceptions, no such additional 
amounts shall be payable to holders of Notes in respect of whose 
Bearer Notes the Issuer or the Guarantors do not receive such 
information from the Fiscal Agent in a timely manner as may be 
required in order to comply with the applicable Spanish tax reporting 
obligations (see "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments - 
Taxation" and "Taxation - Taxation in Spain - Information about the 
Notes in Connection with Payments").
Governing Law:
Bearer Notes: The formalities relating to the issue of the Notes, their 
legal nature (obligaciones), the status of the Notes and the status of 
the Guarantee of the Notes (Condition 4 (Status of the Notes and 
Guarantee)), the capacity of the Issuer and of the Guarantors, the 
relevant corporate resolutions and all non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with any of the above shall be 
governed by Spanish law. Subject as provided above, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed 
of Covenant and all non-contractual obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons, Fiscal 
Agency Agreement and Deed of Covenant are governed by English 
law.
Book-entry Notes: Save as described below, the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement is governed by English law. The Book-entry Notes are 
governed by Spanish law.

--- Page 9 ---
10203988118-v4
- 9 -
66-41016515
Enforcement of Bearer Notes in 
Global Form:
In the case of Global Notes, persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in the relevant 
Global Note will acquire rights directly against the Issuer, governed 
by a Deed of Covenant dated 11 June 2021, a copy of which will be 
available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent.
Selling Restrictions:
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, EEA and UK Retail Investors, the United 
Kingdom, the Kingdom of Spain, Japan and Singapore, see 
"Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 10 ---
10203988118-v4
- 10 -
66-41016515
RISK FACTORS
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and 
the Guarantors and the industry in which each of them operates together with all other information contained in 
this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section.
The following is a list or explanation of the risks that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations or 
which investors may face when making an investment in the Notes that Issuer and the Guarantors believe to be 
the most relevant to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus. The risks described below are the detailed risks the Issuer and the Guarantors 
actually consider specific to the Group, organized considering their probability and materiality or negative 
impact, in the event that any of those risks occur. If any of the following risks actually materialize, the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and business prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
You should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus before making an investment decision. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and 
the Guarantors that are not currently known to the Issuer or the Guarantors, or that such entity currently deems 
immaterial, which have not been included herein below in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, may 
individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations 
and/or financial position of the Issuer and the Guarantors and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the 
Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
Investors, before investing in the Notes, should consult with its own legal, regulatory, tax, financial and 
accounting advisors to the extent it considers necessary in order to determine and consider carefully whether an 
investment in the Notes is a fit, proper and suitable investment for them in light of the information in this Base 
Prospectus and their personal circumstances.
Risks related to the Issuer 
The Issuer is a finance vehicle
The Issuer is not an operating company. The Issuer is a finance vehicle established by Red Eléctrica Corporación, 
S.A. for the purpose of issuing notes and other financial instruments and on-lending the proceeds to the members 
of the Group. The Issuer is therefore dependent upon other members of the Group paying interest on and repaying 
their loans in a timely fashion. Should any member of the Group fail to pay interest on or repay any loan in a 
timely fashion this circumstance could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme.
Risks related to the Red Eléctrica Group
A) Legal and regulatory risks
The activities of Red Eléctrica Group are subject to extensive regulation in the jurisdictions in which the Group 
companies operate, and certain regulatory changes could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operation 
The main activity of Red Eléctrica Corporación, S.A., parent company of the Issuer, and its subsidiaries (the "Red 
Eléctrica Group" or the "Group") is the transmission of electricity and the operation of the electricity network 
in Spain. This activity is carried out by Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal ("Red Eléctrica 
S.A.U.") as an electricity transmission system operator ("TSO"). This activity and the remuneration received by 
it for the services it provides are subject to numerous laws and regulations including, amongst others, Law 24/2013, 
of 26 December, of the Electricity Sector (hereinafter, "Law 24/2013"). As of 31 December 2020, the provision 
of electricity transmission services and the operation of the Spanish national electricity grid accounted for 84 per 
cent. (90 per cent. as of 31 December 2019) of the Group's consolidated revenues and the assets related to the 
provision of these services represented 75 per cent. (76 per cent. as of 31 December 2019) of the Red Eléctrica 
Group's consolidated total assets. 
Any material changes to this extensive regulatory framework and to the remuneration system may adversely affect 
Red Eléctrica S.A.U. and the Red Eléctrica Group's business, financial position and results.

--- Page 11 ---
10203988118-v4
- 11 -
66-41016515
Particularly, the impact of the COVID-19 classified as a pandemic in the countries where the Red Eléctrica Group 
operates, could imply an increase of enactment of new regulations (including those that may affect and be material 
changes to the regulatory framework and to the remuneration system) that may adversely affect the Red Eléctrica 
Group's business, financial position and results. 
Additionally, any non-compliance by Red Eléctrica S.A.U. with the applicable laws and regulations currently in 
force in relation to its activities could lead to sanctions or penalties of monetary or other nature being imposed by 
the regulator and to facing potential liability to third parties due to any damage or loss caused. Should Red 
Eléctrica S.A.U. face any sanctions, penalties or claims, the Group's cash flow, business, financial condition and 
results of operation could be materially adversely affected.
B)
Risks related to the Red Eléctrica Group’s business activities and industry
Risks associated with Red Eléctrica Group's operation, management and construction of transmission grid and 
telecommunications facilities 
In its role as global operator of strategic infrastructure, the Red Eléctrica Group operates, manages and builds 
multiple electricity transmission and network technical facilities. One of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic 
is the consequential slow down of some of the activities of the Red Electrica Group's global activities.
The operation and management of technical electricity and telecommunications facilities is costly and the Group 
may not be able to continue to conduct this activity on acceptable economic terms in the future. Furthermore, this 
activity is exposed, given the perils inherent to high voltage facilities, to events beyond Red Eléctrica Group's 
control including, but not limited to, natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, accidents and defects or 
failures in machinery or control systems or components of them that may damage the Group's facilities and cause 
interruptions in the provision of electricity transmission and telecommunication services and, in turn, require high 
repair or alternative transmission channel costs. As well, the materialisation of environmental and operational 
risks inherent to Red Eléctrica Group's activities may result in the filing of claims by public authorities or third 
parties as a result of environmental or other damage. In the event that the Group is unable to respond to any 
adverse events damaging its facilities or interrupting its activities, or that it is unable to continue to operate and 
manage facilities at acceptable cost levels, the Group's business prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations may be materially adversely affected. 
The Red Eléctrica Group companies have taken out various insurance policies to cover the risks to which the 
companies are exposed through their activities, mainly damage that could be caused to the Group companies' 
facilities and possible claims that might be lodged by third parties due to the companies’ activities. Nonetheless, 
the amounts for which the Group companies are insured may not be sufficient to cover any incurred losses in their 
entirety, or the formalised insurance policies may not provide coverage for certain damaging events.
Additionally, Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s ability to increase revenues derived from its business as electricity system 
operator, transmission agent and transmission network manager depends, due to the capital-intensive nature of 
this activity, on investments being made in new transmission infrastructure. In this respect, Red Eléctrica S.A.U. 
has been entrusted with the development and expansion of the high-voltage transmission network in order to 
guarantee the maintenance and improvement of the national electricity grid. As of 31 December 2020, investments 
for development of the Spanish transmission network amounted to EUR383.1 million, compared with EUR396.4 
million in 2019, and were directed at addressing supply security and stability, resolve technical restrictions, 
execute specific projects for international and inter-island submarine interconnections, supply the high-speed rail 
system and provide access for the evacuation of wind power. A variety of factors may affect Red Eléctrica Group's 
capacity to build new facilities including, but not limited to, delays in obtaining regulatory approvals or 
environmental permits; shortages or changes in the price of equipment, supplies or labour; opposition from local 
groups, political groups or other stakeholders; adverse meteorological conditions, natural disasters, accidents or 
other unforeseen incidents which could delay completion of facilities. 
Therefore, any changes in the approved planning for the construction of new facilities, delays or standstills in 
projects under development caused by impediments in the obtaining of environmental and/or administrative 
authorisations, opposition from political groups or other organisations, or changes in the political climate or in the 
regulatory framework, or any increased costs in the construction of new facilities due to variations in the financial 
or goods and services markets could materially adversely affect Red Eléctrica Group's reputation, business 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 12 ---
10203988118-v4
- 12 -
66-41016515
Red Eléctrica Group's business and finances are heavily concentrated in Spain and they are influenced by 
macroeconomic and political conditions and the negative impact of COVID-19
The operations of the Group are heavily concentrated in Spain as the revenues obtained by Red Eléctrica S.A.U. 
represented, for the year ended 31 December 2020, 84 per cent. of the Group’s consolidated revenues (90 per cent. 
for the year ended 31 December 2019) and 75 per cent. of its total assets (76 per cent. as of 31 December 2019). 
As a result, any adverse change in Spain’s general economic and political landscape could materially adversely 
affect Red Eléctrica Group’s business prospects, financial condition and results of operations Red Eléctrica 
Group’s business performance is influenced by the economic conditions of the countries in which it operates, 
particularly Spain, where the Group concentrates most of its operations. Any adverse changes affecting the 
Spanish economy or the economy of the other countries in which the Group operates could have a negative impact 
on its revenues and/or increase its financing costs, circumstances that could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
Global economic conditions have been severely affected by the exponential spread of COVID-19 across 
continents, which was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organisation in March 2020. The COVID-
19 pandemic has led governmental authorities around the world, including those of European Union ("EU") 
member states to implement measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19. As part of its response to this situation, 
the Spanish Government declared a state of alarm (estado de alarma) through the enactment of Royal Decree 
463/2020 of March 14, declaring the state of alarm for the management of the health crisis caused by COVID-19. 
The most relevant measures included isolation, confinement and restriction of free movement, the closing of 
public and private places, except for premises providing essential and healthcare services, border restrictions and 
a drastic reduction in transport. Further, the Spanish Government has enacted additional royal decrees such as, 
amongst others, Royal Decree 926/2020, of October 25, by which a subsequent state of alarm has been declared 
in order to prevent the propagation of infections by COVID-19, that impose similar, albeit less restrictive, 
measures such as curfews. The COVID-19 pandemic, and in particular government measures to reduce its spread, 
has caused falls in production, volatility in financial markets and disruption of the normal flow of business 
operations in Spain, and in other countries in which the Group operates and where similar measures have been 
implemented.
As of 31 December 2020, Spanish gross domestic product ("GDP") is expected to register a contraction of 11% 
when compared with the previous year (previously a 2% increase was recorded as of 31 December 2019) (source: 
Instituto Nacional de Estadística 2021), and the Bank of Spain forecasts an increase of 7.5%, 6% and 3.2% in its 
mild, baseline and severe scenarios, respectively for 2021 (source: Bank of Spain, March 2021). In respect of 
these same dates, the World Bank has registered a contraction of the Eurozone’s real GDP of 7.4% (1.29% increase 
as of 31 December 2019) and forecasts a deeper impact on those economies dependent on international trade, 
external financing or tourism (source: World Bank, Global Economic Prospects January 2021).
As part of the negative economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic it is possible that the demand for electricity 
is affected in Spain or any other country in which the Group operates, which in turn could affect the electricity 
transmission business of the Group and put pressure on its results or in its ability to obtain financing to finance its 
activities or refinance its current indebtedness. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures implemented 
by governmental authorities to mitigate its spread and impact have caused and may in the future cause disruptions 
to the Group’s staff, workplace and technology, which may in turn also negatively impact the Group’s operational 
activities. 
A reduction in European economic activity, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or for other reasons, could 
also have an adverse effect on Spanish economic growth as the Spanish economy is particularly sensitive to 
economic conditions in the Eurozone. Other factors such as the geopolitical uncertainty originated by, amongst 
others, the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union or the rising international trade tensions may 
affect the growth of the Spanish economy. The Spanish economy may also be affected by any increase of political 
uncertainty in Spain, including any resurgence of political and social tensions in Catalonia, which could result in 
volatile capital markets or otherwise adversely affect financing conditions in Spain or the environment in which 
the Group operates, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Group.
The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will affect the Group’s operations cannot be predicted at this 
time, including, but not limited to, the duration and severity of the outbreak, governmental reactions and policies, 
the impact of such on its employees, customers and trade partners, and the length of time required for normal 
economic and operating conditions to resume. While the spread of COVID-19 may eventually be mitigated, there

--- Page 13 ---
10203988118-v4
- 13 -
66-41016515
is no guarantee that a future outbreak of this or any other widespread epidemics will not occur and any 
consequential adverse changes affecting the Spanish economy, the Eurozone economy or the political uncertainty 
could have a negative impact on the Group’s consolidated revenues and increase the Group’s consolidated 
financing costs, circumstances which could have a material adverse effect on the business prospects, financial 
condition and results of operation of the Group.
Red Eléctrica Group relies on information technology for its operation and systems failures or third-party 
hacks may adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operation 
As an electricity system operator and transmission network manager, one of the Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s main 
functions is to guarantee the continuity and security of the electricity supply. 
Disruptions to or failures of Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s computer and information technology systems could cause an 
interruption to its business, which could have a material adverse effect on its business prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations. In particular, Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s information technology systems may be 
vulnerable to a variety of interruptions as a result of events beyond its control, including, but not limited to, 
network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, viruses, malware, ransomware or other malicious 
codes, unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, cyberattacks by hackers, criminal groups 
or nation-state organizations or social-activist (hacktivist) organizations, geopolitical events, natural disasters, 
failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events, including natural disasters 
or extreme meteorological phenomena. Cyber threats are constantly evolving and this increases the difficulty of 
detecting and successfully defending against them. These events could compromise Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s 
confidential information, impede or interrupt its business operations, and may result in other negative 
consequences, including remediation costs, loss of sales, litigation and reputational damage. While Red Eléctrica 
S.A.U. has implemented administrative and technical controls and taken other preventive actions to reduce the 
risk of cyber incidents and protect its information technology, they may be insufficient to prevent physical and 
electronic break-ins, cyberattacks or other security breaches to its computer systems. In the event that Red 
Eléctrica S.A.U. or any of the Group companies suffers a breach in its cyber security or other failure of its 
information technology systems, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations.
Risks associated with international and telecommunication investments and divestments 
As part of its strategy, the Group may undertake both investments entailing the acquisition and/or integration of 
businesses in order to foster its growth strategy through inorganic growth, and/or divestments in order to realise 
gains derived from the growth and higher valuation of certain assets or businesses acquired by the Group or as a 
consequence of changes in the Group’s general strategy.
As regards to acquisitions, in recent years, the Group has made investments in electric infrastructures in several 
countries and in the telecommunications sector. See "Description of Red Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad 
Anónima and its consolidated Group - Investments". Given that the Group may opt to carry out acquisitions in the 
future, it may face risks associated with its capacity and ability to successfully integrate the operations of acquired 
businesses, or to realise the potential synergies and sales growth anticipated, either in the expected amount or 
timeframe and the costs of achieving these benefits may be higher than, and the timing may differ from, those 
which the Group has foreseen.
On the other hand, although the Group has not carried out significant divestments in recent years, it is possible 
that sales of assets or businesses that form part of the Group take place in the future. These investments and 
divestments inherently involve a number of risks such as those related to the existence of unforeseen contingences 
and the adequacy of guarantees or indemnities to cover such contingencies, claims in connection with the 
investments or divestments (from employees, customers or third parties), the lack of materialization of expected 
benefits from such investments (including the realisation of potential synergies and sales growth anticipated either 
in the expect amount or timeframe or costs), and lower market valuations of businesses to be divested. In addition, 
there are associated risks related to local laws on where the investments or divestments are located such as local 
law factors and risks related to exchange rate fluctuations, capital movement restrictions, inflation, political and 
economic instability and possible state expropriation of assets in addition to risks related to the integration of 
businesses within the Group. Furthermore, the necessity of a local management team, and the integration or 
retention of local personnel or the Group’s capacity to fill the void as a result of any divestments may cause 
disruption to its business and operations.

--- Page 14 ---
10203988118-v4
- 14 -
66-41016515
If any of these risks materialise, they could materially adversely affect Red Eléctrica Group's reputation, business 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
Risks associated to Joint Ventures and Operations 
Joint Ventures or Operations refer to those arrangements in which there is a contractual agreement to share the 
control over an economic activity, in such a way that decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous 
consent of the Group and the remaining venturers or operators. Whilst Joint Operations involve the existence of 
rights to assets, including revenue, and obligations for liabilities, including expenses, relating to the arrangement, 
Joint Ventures involve a contractual agreement with a third party to share control over an activity and the strategic 
financial and operating decisions relating to the activity require the unanimous consent of all the venturers that 
share control. 
The Group's joint arrangements as of 31 December 2020 include the 50 per cent. interest in Transmisora Eléctrica 
del Norte, S.A. ("TEN") held through Red Eléctrica Chile SpA. as a Joint Venture, focused on operating a 
transmission line spanning approximately 580 km that connects the Far North Interconnection System to the 
Central Interconnected System in Chile; the 50 per cent. interest in INELFE held through Red Eléctrica S.A.U. as 
a joint arrangement together with Réseau de Transport d'Électricité (RTE), the French transmission system 
operator focused on is the study and execution of interconnections between Spain and France that will increase 
the electricity exchange capacity between the two countries. As of 31 December 2020, the Group had a stake, 
through Red Eléctrica Brasil Holding Ltda., which holds a 50 per cent. interest along-side Grupo Energía Bogotá 
S.A E.S.P. in the Brazilian company Argo Energia Emprendimientos y Participaciones S.A. ("Argo"), which in 
turn owns Argo Transmisión de Energia S.A. ("Argo I"), Argo II Transmisión de Energia S.A. ("Argo II") and 
Argo III Transmisión de Energia S.A. ("Argo III"). Accordingly, the Group has classified this joint arrangement 
as a joint venture, as the parties to it have rights to the net assets of such joint venture.
Due to the nature of joint arrangements, whether Joint Ventures or Joint Operations, the Group's success in them 
depends primarily on its ability to maintain good relationships and to reach consensus on short, medium and long-
term strategic decisions with its partners, whose interests may differ from those of the Group. In the event that the 
Group is unable to maintain good relationships and adopt positive strategic decisions, the Group may lose its 
investment in its joint arrangements and its business prospects, financial condition, and results of operations may 
be materially adversely affected.
C) Risks related to the Red Eléctrica Group’s financial situation
Interest rate risk
The nature of Red Eléctrica Group's business is inherently capital intensive and requires financing to operate and 
expand. The Group's financial debt structure comprises certain debt instruments that accrue interest at both fixed 
and variable interest rates, the latter being linked to variable reference interest rates, such as EURIBOR and 
LIBOR. 
The financial debt structure of the Group is low risk with moderate exposure to fluctuation in interest rates, as a 
result of the debt policy implemented, which aims to bring the cost of debt into line with the financial rate of 
return applied to the Group’s regulated assets, among other objectives. As of 31 December 2020, Red Eléctrica 
Group's total financial debt amounted to EUR6,595.1 million, of which 82 per cent., EUR5,408.2 million, accrued 
interest at fixed rates. Similarly, as of 31 December 2019, Red Eléctrica Group's total financial debt amounted to 
EUR6,366.6 million1, of which 78 per cent., EUR4,989.4 million, accrued interest at fixed rates. 
Nevertheless, any variations in the underlying reference interest rates on which the Group's financing agreements 
accruing interest at variable rates depend may impact the Group's financial expenses by requiring the dedication 
1 Total financial debt and percentage of total gross financial debt accruing interest at fixed rate for 2019 have been restated 
as a result of the recognition of the Hispasat business combination, effective as of 3 October 2019. Non-current bank 
borrowings include an additional EUR12,494 thousand.

--- Page 15 ---
10203988118-v4
- 15 -
66-41016515
of significant cash flow to service repayment, thus reducing the availability of cash flow to fund its business 
operations, and increase its vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions.Additionally, Red Eléctrica 
Group anticipates that any new financing agreements which it undertakes could imply higher financial costs than 
in the agreements signed in recent years due to increases in margins paid over market interest rates. If Red Eléctrica 
Corporación or any of the Group companies are unable to formalise any new financing agreements under 
reasonable financial terms, there can be no assurance that such increased financing costs will not have a material 
adverse effect in the Group's business, operations, cash flows and overall financial condition.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk arises as a result of differences in the amounts or the collection and payment dates of the various 
assets and liabilities of the companies of Red Eléctrica Group. The Group's liquidity position is based on its strong 
capacity to generate funds, backed by the existence of credit lines that allow it to keep a significant volume of 
funds available during the year. Further, during 2020 the Group has issued notes for an amount of EUR1,100 
million. As of 31 December 2020, the short-term credit lines available amounted to EUR285 million, while the 
long-term credit lines amounted to EUR1,645 million and available cash amounted to EUR482 million, compared 
with short-term credit lines amounting to EUR192 million, long-term credit lines amounting to EUR1,576 million 
and cash amounting to EUR329 million as of 31 December 2019. Further, as of 31 December 2020, the Group’s 
financial debt had an average maturity of 5.3 years (compared to 5.2 years as of 31 December 2019).
While the Group attempts to have sufficient liquidity available to meet its payment obligations by maintaining 
adequate liquidity levels over specific time periods without resorting to additional financing sources and 
diversifying its funding sources and optimising the maturity of its debt, the reduction of the remuneration 
calculation system currently in force or any other event that prevents or disrupts the generation of cash flow may 
materially adversely affect the Group's results of operations and financial condition as it is likely that the Group 
would be obliged to incur in extra financial costs or, in the worst-case scenario, threaten the Group's continuity as 
a going concern and lead to insolvency. 
Currency risk 
Because the Group's consolidated annual accounts are expressed in Euro but the financial statements of several 
subsidiaries are expressed in other currencies, negative fluctuations in exchange rates could negatively affect the 
value of consolidated foreign subsidiaries' assets, income and equity, with a concomitant adverse effect on the 
Group's consolidated annual accounts (i.e., translation risk). For instance, due to the translation effect, an 
appreciation of the Euro against the Group's other significant currencies would adversely affect the Group's results.
In 2020 the Group companies arranged forward cash flow hedges in the form of forward derivatives to hedge 
highly probable cash flows of certain revenue in US Dollars and certain payment commitments in Brazilian Reais. 
Consequently, had the Euro strengthened or weakened by 10 per cent. against the hedged currencies at year end, 
the market values of those derivatives would have changed, and equity would have decreased or increased by 
approximately EUR2.2 million at 31 December 2020 (EUR25 million at 31 December 2019). In order to mitigate 
translation risk on assets located in countries whose functional currency is not the Euro, the Group finances a 
portion of such investments in the functional currency. The Group has also arranged hedges of net investments in 
US Dollars through cross-currency swaps that were in place until January 2021. Consequently, had the Euro 
strengthened or weakened by 10 per cent. against the currencies to which the Group is exposed at year end, the 
Parent’s equity would have decreased or increased by approximately EUR32 million at 31 December 2020 
(EUR14 million at 31 December 2019).

--- Page 16 ---
10203988118-v4
- 16 -
66-41016515
Risks Relating to the Notes
D) Risks relating to the markets the Notes will trade in and the nature of the Notes
There is a limited active trading market for the Notes
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
is currently a limited trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). Accordingly, future 
liquidity of the Notes may be limited. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount 
to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer and the Guarantors. Although applications have 
been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and they may be made for such Notes to be admitted to listing on AIAF, Mercado de Renta Fija, there is no 
assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that 
an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any 
trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specify 
otherwise, in the event that the Issuer or the Guarantors would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in 
respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions.
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
specify that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose 
to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate 
as high as that of the relevant Notes.
The application of the net proceeds of Green Notes as described in "Use of Proceeds" may not meet investor 
expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria
Prospective investors in any Notes where the title "Green Notes" in Part B of the applicable Final Terms is stated 
to be "Applicable" (the "Green Notes"), should have regard to the information in the applicable Final Terms 
regarding the use of the net proceeds of those Green Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of 
such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Notes together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary.  In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Dealers 
that the use of such proceeds for any eligible projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of 
a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as 
it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA).
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" such other equivalent label nor can any 
assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market 
consensus will not significantly change.  Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects 
or uses the subject of, or related to, any eligible projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 
"green" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental and/or other

--- Page 17 ---
10203988118-v4
- 17 -
66-41016515
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any eligible 
projects.
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may 
not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Notes and in particular with any eligible projects 
to fulfil any environmental and/or other criteria.  Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor 
shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  Any such report, assessment, 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Notes.  Any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date it was issued.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Notes.  At the date of this Base Prospectus Supplement, the providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime.
In the event that any Green Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green" or other equivalently 
labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or 
assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission 
satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply.  Furthermore, 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market 
to another.  Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or any 
other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Notes or, 
if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Notes.
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any Green Notes and obtain and publish the 
relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in the manner described in each case 
in the Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the Issuer or the Guarantors will be able to do this.  Nor can 
there be any assurance that any eligible projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the 
results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer 
or the Guarantors.
E)
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Green Notes for any eligible projects or 
to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, will not constitute an event 
of default under the relevant Green Notes or give rise to any other claim of a holder of such Green Notes 
against the Issuer and the Guarantors.  The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as 
described above, or any such report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer or the 
Guarantors are not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion 
or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Notes no longer being 
listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Green Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.Risks relating to 
benchmarks and interest rate
Floating Rate Notes
Investments in Notes that bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added 
or subtracted, as the case may be, from such rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the 
life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) of the reference rate (e.g. every three months or six months) which itself will 
change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may 
be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference 
rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of such Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant 
reference rate.
Certain benchmark rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future - 
including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021.

--- Page 18 ---
10203988118-v4
- 18 -
66-41016515
The nature of the business of the Group is inherently capital intensive and requires financing to operate and expand. 
The Group’s financial debt structure comprises certain debt instruments that accrue interest at both fixed and 
variable interest rates, the latter being linked to variable reference interest rates such as, mostly EURIBOR (Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate, "EURIBOR"). These interest rates, such as EURIBOR or the London Interbank Offered 
Rate ("LIBOR"), are being subject to changes triggered by the Benchmark Regulation on indices used as 
Benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds. 
The Benchmark Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds became applicable from 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks 
Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark, within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require 
Benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of Benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed). The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or 
another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed 
in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, 
of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability 
of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, following previous announcements, on 5 March 2021, the UK 
Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") announced that LIBOR rates will either cease to be provided by an 
administrator or no longer be representative beyond 31 December 2021 (or 30 June 2023, in the case of certain 
US dollar LIBOR rates) and that publication of most of LIBOR rates will cease after those dates. that it will no 
longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and, on 
12 July 2018, announced that the LIBOR benchmark may cease to be a regulated benchmark under the Benchmark 
Regulation. Such announcements indicate that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis (or at all) cannot 
and will not be guaranteed after 2021.  The FCA has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition 
to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and 
derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 
2021.  
Further, the European Central Bank is part of a working group that identified and adopted a "risk free overnight 
rate", which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments 
and contracts in the euro area, under the name Euro short-term rate ("€STR"). The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will 
be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.
The elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could require 
or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 
7(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such 
benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty 
as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect 
such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for 
securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark.
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may 
be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to

--- Page 19 ---
10203988118-v4
- 19 -
66-41016515
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of 
such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark 
continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may 
result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the 
Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making 
any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the 
capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant 
working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates 
(which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The 
nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA/SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, 
as well as continued development of SONIA- based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of the Notes.
The use of Compounded Daily SONIA as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of 
the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of bonds referencing Compounded Daily SONIA.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set 
out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes 
referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with the Notes.  In 
addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives and 
loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference 
rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA.
SONIA differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects and has a limited history
Compounded Daily SONIA differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that Compounded 
Daily SONIA is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the 
basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should 
be aware that SONIA may behave materially differently to LIBOR as an interest reference rate for the Notes. 
Publication of SONIA began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The future performance of 
SONIA may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance. The level of SONIA 
during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SONIA.  Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SONIA such as correlations, may change in the 
future. 
Furthermore, the Interest Rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Reference Period and 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to estimate reliably 
the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade 
such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of the 
Notes. Further, if the Notes become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events 
of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest

--- Page 20 ---
10203988118-v4
- 20 -
66-41016515
Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately 
prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable.
The administrator of SONIA may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or discontinue SONIA 
The Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may make methodological or other changes 
that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method by which SONIA is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing related to the publication of 
SONIA. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA 
(in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has 
no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SONIA.

--- Page 21 ---
10203988118-v4
- 21 -
66-41016515
IMPORTANT NOTICES
Each of Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (the "Issuer"), Red Eléctrica Corporación, 
Sociedad Anónima and Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (each a "Guarantor" and 
together the "Guarantors") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to 
affect its import.
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
"Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described 
under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in 
the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. This Base Prospectus must 
be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information incorporated by reference 
herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed 
together with the relevant Final Terms.
The Issuer and the Guarantors have confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that 
this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes and the guarantees of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material 
respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein 
are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit 
to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context 
of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes and the guarantees of the Notes) not misleading in any 
material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantors or such other information as is in the public domain and, if 
given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Guarantors or any Dealer.
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have verified the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus 
and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, 
or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of 
the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same.
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject 
to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantors or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each

--- Page 22 ---
10203988118-v4
- 22 -
66-41016515
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantors.
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantors and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved.
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer, the Guarantors and their 
respective affiliates.
None of the Dealers, the Issuer or the Guarantors makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding 
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should satisfy itself that it is 
able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantors.
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency 
shall be translated into EUR at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale".
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Union, references to "U.S.$", "USD", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, 
references to "EUR" or "euro" or "€" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 
May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law.
MiFID II product governance / target market – A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the 
"MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.
The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR / target market – A determination will be made in relation to each 
issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR 
Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 23 ---
10203988118-v4
- 23 -
66-41016515
The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE), AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA).
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of 
the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") 
which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the SFA.
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered 
for purposes of section 309B(1)(a).  Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice 
to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.
Benchmark Regulation
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
"Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the 
result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to 
update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.
Interest payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to EURIBOR and/or SONIA as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as 
administrator of EURIBOR) (the "EMMI") is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of

--- Page 24 ---
10203988118-v4
- 24 -
66-41016515
the Benchmarks Regulation and the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA) is not included in ESMA's 
register of administrators under the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the Bank of England is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration or recognition, endorsement or equivalence.
Stabilisation
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 25 ---
10203988118-v4
- 25 -
66-41016515
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus:
(1) the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of Red Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad 
Anónima and its subsidiaries as at and for each of the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 
that shall be available for viewing at:
https://www.ree.es/sites/default/files/downloadable/CONSO_CCAA_En.pdf, and
https://www.ree.es/sites/default/files/publication/2021/02/downloadable/CONSO_CCAA_2020_En.pdf
(2)
the English translation of the unaudited interim consolidated Income Statement, interim summary 
consolidated Balance Sheet and interim summary consolidated Cash Flow Statement of Red Eléctrica 
Corporación, Sociedad Anónima (and its consolidated subsidiaries) of the Financial Results of Red 
Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad Anónima as at and for the three-month period ended 31 March 2021 (the 
"REC March 2021 Financial Results") that shall be available for viewing at:
https://www.ree.es/sites/default/files/06_ACCIONISTAS/Documentos/Hechos_relevantes/2021/20210428_HR_Financial_Results_1Q_2021.pdf
(3)  the English translation of the audited non-consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer as at and for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 that shall be available for viewing at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=ZSijHqNpPhZhn7i2qhaOuviIkO3Bh9xDJ+fSYXotyzQ3RLbstcFoWs4INSrjjeif
w9A3e8QnrThKTpCSv+vTqN/gp7nR6VLRnrDwgWeWTWxRSHzDj/wZE0CmRoWfcXNg+Rl9krazw
enXwbIWZZegeWKJgh0Xv9YxYm+NxbSfMW76nKg7C93NfvfwcIoCl034IkAofoP9rDetQFeEa5BGs
Q7MsK25TYGAXs5528pgZHs=, and
https://www.ree.es/sites/default/files/06_ACCIONISTAS/Documentos/Emisiones%20de%20bonos/Document_incorporated_by_reference_REF.pdf;
(4) the English translation of the audited non-consolidated annual accounts of Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad 
Anónima Unipersonal as at and for each of the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 that 
shall be available for viewing at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=uHNdQ2dRDfhStJNzhFx9qPWNF2S8qPcgnq5xMD0iuopT7uoJd5HPw9lM6p1
JGF4lZFq3HGDV3kwnUF3VZUv5JGBHcy/AWXPUlYXk9L0MJzlD/7zX5cQc3kZCwfd8Yg9jeMfAO
ZGIsth7doPG4g5F3oppuVdp69k25aKQnh+Q9TAh8yFNumhb7ufssCtg95Ype8sW5f+KzhD9B5VFA8u
TglE9Wz1AZPxuseLKeZYTkSI=, and
https://www.ree.es/sites/default/files/06_ACCIONISTAS/Documentos/Emisiones%20de%20bonos/Document_incorporated_by_reference_REE.pdf; 
(5) the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 32 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 4 June 2020 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=vOw52vxy8eLvFBSKssijet5MjITA33EwPnT6y/Awa9EgLjcpr9sWtaTAZQtZO
lH1qAblUk4xxHKaMapB9C4fh/eFQvnv95ptDt7nNuY42Ki0CNYqR9iIL/3eCrhjv1aaH4q/mvk0uTJyW
snJKZkf10o8AS+vaucPdkzAcXHleitCHZm9oyqxaTs3tEdJZdOr;
(6) the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 54 of the base prospectus dated 4 June 2019 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=lBHlDUv7O115/mbh26rvtlwbE/ePcX75SENhKBCDlbUn1JdcACg1n+LawmV
pm+NUmqcNIRLd8ZyTx61ZwIX94HKZofw6MsP/jmPe1UWR0dAiYO/s9cX0yTwxDfJt3uTXhC9Mi/
VROnDL+8N6YUxeiFqMt/NBP1n1aZgf5yq/Ces=;
(7) the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 30 to 62 of the base prospectus dated 4 June 2018 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at:

--- Page 26 ---
10203988118-v4
- 26 -
66-41016515
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=3KZXVvp/ctj2I7gl4ctomRygjkeCfDDGZQ2sgG5HAQG3CpCPurkBAgj0EbF
WW6riulgwsFUniELExxIFNs/P3uoTMD4TyosQXuCvH9ow0B1ddc2xKlZIdoNMEiZ0UfgAxU+RSdEt
3rWesTC6ivJev+hkb9CotxyEBuQx4kxvi9g=;
(8) the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 2 June 2017 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=HJ6yfPpDqOdjQMuHbOzDrGt81XgpF4PnyX152eT2d8ltrlNHOxEHrLUYIrQ
FjxiJbT4FNwBfF8Nut/YUhzcMKXboWWNoMoK4NFoHNV/S5N8vSYFU1biXO6yBmP1T54vPD/Lx
TuaMsxO+6BXysd4NxW3SKC6SdCJlfCdcTTe9hNK9wKkkFH63fV98dcGhEefvwAuNY/y8DC5H66
WKLaZyL8QYEihgOxxhU40bg4r6vNGZm3+7iGByJih3CjnFzexUueyHIJTDswzpE/T6Nql9nMiGMoN
OZQS4moS/kx0ocqNrmaaMODsKjjPMeASCmTcLf/Y+o8wnmmtq8e8VT1FETjz5+mE2Kv1oSpvnJhL
ZiNQ=;
(9) the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 30 to 62 of the base prospectus dated 3 June 2016 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=EhA6uExfq7ziRmzlqmuWv19wfwKww3i2rwjp+ovMWQzSJr1WWVnYuhBy
V5gMJVwgNTBf/X3UnVkphnxPgYkFUpVGhT/Q3dytCsd4eBL5k6/CuirbbSeUfDsgps2BjuCw592u5g
wLMKPwkUh0glYtEmmAsOMBbkQF5JFxuUOwYtg4GkDrsnmwym3oM3CwZU5gw1GEsnmWKBdh
9tni5zKXfj2lmZukKE2K59lGalbpt8x4YL8/9P5sVG2V0jnzIYdQ+s030A5YyJZXOJrdYfIvVXy5IlPV+
E0AhASKT49RhBEjvYtkF6lKrNij+SOMe1WdPsnwXCOH3mo07OjnnjGxH8be854bcLHZUegQcPFfO
UE=;
(10)the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 3 June 2015 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=RteKsWUDLuJ59/DVVbK+PCLG0DvHf324W3ykbJ90IoyIVeUMjectmLCIG
2Vm9TcJSUpP2y/hF271FYj7zAi4qLdkOfaKPkCgCFNPDpjJG0+RYKhHbgzm8ZzHmkXAFBn62WRo
f8m3RJqH6MIJPtlui3hYVxWUFm8C97A2b1DCHmbgoJPQMKSFfkfdIqoUeReBgTniguAaJ5fMy9EK
CzYl4OMBizUF1tFcb2mKSLzGpRkREE1TG5u4TbhF2q0tCL7uSuW4gWo9xjPKnJXTjqI5eKNCYzgb
wf4AP77SOHSaTFeCiMGyGclBGkmssRySOJUvinBD+JkY7jaNpq8U7smQTngM5L7bnIfaaRcmfncdc
ak=;
(11)the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 27 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 3 June 2014 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=lb+Prwk6ZX1cgFmocWfajg2TEXFYqPpkNd/XUtbOhBlotAtVBnUjOQGvp4j
1XCEwMYEx4fmbV2nNENmyIuFnsPD1uU7FVpnC+zoFQbVNL6dAjM9orwjPo6XdKB4Xb+c7VTY
1cn5/0cYc0Tk7oCJvJcFh9L1NXEMQkPXm+numRNWWkX/TMia+pMBuuWSHkRLEK/u9Mn1vxp3+
WDUGhhWcXaIwbPuPus5FIgdrQweHdzP0HaSKGPbUW9K65mqQpu91zaaYhiRGlPRNwnplHY2BBr
r1dFs10aziJLFEfmMRVPLeMgKSPUMdGiyGs/aDaHXrLwjdbfKQ7YnGmsmWusRChqqpPAGEc872
LaX/sw6v/ZI=;
(12)the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 6 June 2013 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=+mhMWzIbYiZfZlOs7a9LZdd7rQXE2yMIPYQk1bj+Cbl6kWYzhwEkXSn0u
NcGa0fVNLnSWeX6OptwJWMSMMz70gmdHd2ARLFQu68pJvZ8kY5qIyg8+dODneIEwp1zUZxRVi
Io2MdTCFj4D94S5It8FC2As2QQBtXYcICqtA/NBwZh/y6vqRDRD+QSxbBC6A8XhFOSMsexAtR9o9
mtQy8sikUQxVAMGa+EATKnGns/gp2mchaIgt3QHKuUjGZDGyKGNS5GpgoyBXoliYhhUq0Kmnxc
Ziuf7cXBtPoJXcrcHCBBZyCVpBlbF1cYHdilawILXSdLcazGCC8R0zPIM8+2dX+EHXOxUmnitVX5k
NGQjpQ=;
(13)the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 59 of the base prospectus dated 6 June 2012 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=BCgkuH1wL6NZgB8XYmd/YbNAWVtIP5NrrUBQZvJXTUAFk1tQRuFmV/r
ogMt0atcdiV5k90CVSZuxfoyeXIfSedLcOUKZFrmQB51j8fUXyJ12YmCZUFUnp8a2d+hN4V/YtVun6
EMs2+/suWlk/xJ6yNms53RhRsz7nA84IeyW5VqhG3ZX4elIydGriJRXRqcgvCmymIsrkMD/diTodTRFi
3YmAZs6C+pnJ8x9w0mLBPH5cJdaGxc9yzK7fmwCUgIj5TAXTsd3O0wUDGaXawZZF5iGyb7oFQu

--- Page 27 ---
10203988118-v4
- 27 -
66-41016515
4TTVzBuWVQ+sGzM+fDGApfNY5ZfS+SUNX+w8QcuOq9NE9ysZ0ovLMOUI8sYjem/I1w0fuJr2oY
UM=;
(14)the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 59 of the base prospectus dated 17 June 2011 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=4OhDeCWN7LceRa2BlBFk8VQNFn7PC7v2xsIufwP6z+1+gCpVr0FzMAjW+
6/miX8x+ruBMz+wKqo22Nvu0hUJcqiuhJGYSqiK/K/0fZCjJmYJ9MJTztmcL6H0Cs2sRAjUuw7hEYQ
7svF+0CoqzjtaImPReiwBGIdSChZPCcnnO0+e+iP313trOUeh6HWxCLbv4CZALTOIAIodnpJ0dd/IHus
iqEqXZRTXf7rlX/g2ATRR73qFIS5rerQmNQf2Lbb2WqqCIHipW999N+yEwgKbmmc0febO9FwdzsK
GatQN7w9Bbrc4OKFEXAOC+RCg7N8MRCkCHdPEF9zNaVeCR4gB+GivuW3hA6Z32ROEf3ASjW
g=;
(15)the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 27 to 58 of the base prospectus dated 17 June 2010 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at:
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=+qtJRKekk+ocUiapjQcLu2v+q1iokWeIrqe17yhSVJWNC6pSm120FqM5WHf/
V5q8K2FwmwvrH6YniwzNlqOl+6AH9LEZPKyobMoK8bI4L6vSbMzUlIR1dJAfTCJLrqr2DhanJmA9
5qW+Ln+aU+eCIoP+HMlwqjc+kZf2J9bvi4kouScUvEaLyWXwrEEQOktZvuN66BbPlspVz9RSWw2s
LA3EZtGcSgb0M+awIk+FXWM/CbFSldqrDs6argOi0L+gADjXV7UNdSmkoBwlspkW8hOvKS+pHq
QLXs5M1AasDim0WROlGa+aJjPxFD18utVc6sRlMBu45wltf8VZRCwNg2iDCMjoTxzji6+oDTw3DL
E=.
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the translated English language consolidated statement 
of financial position, consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of changes in equity, consolidated 
statement of cash flows, explanatory notes and the translated auditor's report of Red Eléctrica Corporación, 
Sociedad Anónima for each of the years ended 31 December 2019 (the "REC 2019 Annual Accounts") and 31 
December 2020 (the "REC 2020 Annual Accounts"), as set out in the annual reports for each of the years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, and the relevant page references for the unaudited interim consolidated

--- Page 28 ---
10203988118-v4
- 28 -
66-41016515
Income Statement, interim summary consolidated Balance Sheet and interim summary consolidated Cash Flow 
Statement of Red Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad Anónima contained in the REC March 2021 Financial Results:
REC March 2021 Financial Results
Page reference
Consolidated Income Statement
15
Consolidated Balance Sheet
16
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
17
REC 2019 Annual Accounts
Page reference
Consolidated Income Statement
2
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
1
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
5
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts
6 to 87 
Auditors Report
Page 2 to 8 of the PDF 
document
REC 2020 Annual Accounts
Page reference
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
1-2
Consolidated Income Statement
3
Consolidated Statement Of Comprehensive Income
4
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
5
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
6
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts
7 to 100 
Auditors Report
Page 1 to 8 of the PDF 
document

--- Page 29 ---
10203988118-v4
- 29 -
66-41016515
English translations
In the event of a discrepancy, the original Spanish-language versions prevail. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the translated English language balance sheet, income 
statement, statement of total changes in equity, statement of cash flows, explanatory notes and the translated 
auditor's report of the Issuer for each of the years ended 31 December 2019 (the "Issuer 2019 Annual Accounts 
") and 31 December 2020 (the "Issuer 2020 Annual Accounts") as set out in the non-consolidated accounts for 
each of the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020:
Issuer 2019 Annual Accounts
Page reference
Balance Sheets
1
Income Statements
2
Statement of Total Changes in Equity
3
Statements of Cash Flows
5
Explanatory Notes
6-17
Auditor's report
Page 2 to 5 of the PDF 
document
Issuer 2020 Annual Accounts
Page reference
Balance Sheets
2
Income Statements
3
Statements of Total Changes in Equity
4
Statements of Cash Flows
6
Explanatory Notes
7-17
Auditor's report
Pages 2 to 6 of the PDF 
document
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the translated English language balance sheet, income 
statement, statement of total changes in equity, statement of cash flows, explanatory notes and the translated 
auditor's report of Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal as of and for each of the years ended 
31 December 2019 (the "REE 2019 Annual Accounts") and 31 December 2020 (the "REE 2020 Annual

--- Page 30 ---
10203988118-v4
- 30 -
66-41016515
Accounts"), as set out in the non-consolidated annual accounts for each of the years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2020:
REE 2019 Annual Accounts
Page reference
Balance Sheets
1
Income Statements
2
Statements of Total Changes in Equity
3
Statement of Cash Flows
5
Explanatory Notes
6-54
Auditor's report
Pages 2 to 6 of the PDF 
document
REE 2020 Annual Accounts
Page reference
Balance Sheets
1
Income Statements
3
Statements of Total Changes in Equity
4
Statement of Cash Flows
6
Explanatory Notes
7-57
Auditor's report
Pages 2 to 6 of the PDF 
document
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, 
Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom. Copies of such documents 
are also available for inspection on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Any information not listed in the cross-reference tables but included in the documents incorporated by reference 
is not incorporated by reference and is not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.
For the avoidance of doubt, uniform resource locators ("URLs") given in respect of website addresses in this Base 
Prospectus are inactive textual references only and it is not intended to incorporate the contents of any such 
websites into this Base Prospectus nor should the contents of such websites be deemed to be incorporated into this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
10203988118-v4
- 31 -
66-41016515
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit. In addition, where the title "Use of Proceeds" in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms is stated to be "Green Notes" as described in this "Use of Proceeds" section the net proceeds from each 
such issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, the development, 
construction, installation, maintenance of new or existing projects, assets or activities that meet the eligibility 
requirements defined and detailed in the green framework established by Red Eléctrica S.A.U. (the "Green 
Framework"). The eligible green projects will fall under the eligible categories defined and detailed in the Green 
Framework established by Red Eléctrica S.A.U.
The process to select and evaluate Eligible Green Projects will be performed as established in the Green 
Framework.
The Green Framework is available to view at https://www.ree.es/en/shareholders-and-investors/bonds/green-
framework.
For the avoidance of doubt, URLs given in respect of website addresses in this Base Prospectus are inactive textual 
references only and it is not intended to incorporate the contents of any such websites into this Base Prospectus 
nor should the contents of such websites be deemed to be incorporated into this Base Prospectus. None of the 
information contained in such websites has been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 32 ---
10203988118-v4
- 32 -
66-41016515
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantors and of the rights attaching to 
the Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer and the 
Guarantors have endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for 
information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be 
determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the relevant Final Terms unless 
any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other necessary information in relation to the 
relevant series of Notes, may be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms.
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantors and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document 
containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantors, a securities note containing the 
necessary information relating to the relevant Notes. In addition, if the Drawdown Prospectus is constituted by a 
registration document and a securities note, any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
the information included in the registration document which arises or is noted between the date of the registration 
document and the date of the securities note which is capable of affecting the assessment of the relevant Notes 
will be included in the securities note.

--- Page 33 ---
10203988118-v4
- 33 -
66-41016515
FORMS OF THE BEARER NOTES
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), without 
interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the 
case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Bearer Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the 
central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the 
same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Bearer Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used.
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are 
applicable in relation to the Bearer Notes or, if the Bearer Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note", then the Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect 
of the Bearer Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of 
such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against:
(i)
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order 
of the Fiscal Agent; and
(ii)
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership,
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided however that in no circumstances shall the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note.
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes") if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal

--- Page 34 ---
10203988118-v4
- 34 -
66-41016515
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global 
Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes.
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Bearer Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Bearer Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described 
in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Bearer Notes
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Overview of Provisions Relating 
to the Bearer Notes while in Global Form" below.
Legend concerning United States persons
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Bearer Notes in global 
form, the Bearer Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect:
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code."

--- Page 35 ---
10203988118-v4
- 35 -
66-41016515
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BEARER NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Bearer Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The relevant Final Terms shall not 
amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable 
law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Bearer Notes may complete any information 
in this Base Prospectus.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Bearer Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Overview of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.
1
Introduction
(a) Programme: Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (the "Issuer") has 
established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 
5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of bearer notes (the "Bearer Notes") guaranteed by Red 
Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima 
Unipersonal (each a "Guarantor" and together the "Guarantors").
(b) Final Terms: Bearer Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Bearer Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions (the "Bearer 
Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Bearer Notes are these 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail.
(c) Public Deed of Issuance: as far as required by Law (or, otherwise, at the option of the Issuer) each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes will be constituted by virtue of a public deed of issuance (the "Public Deed 
of Issuance") to be executed before a Spanish notary public on or prior to the Issue Date.
(d) Fiscal Agency Agreement: The Bearer Notes are the subject of an amended and restated fiscal agency 
agreement dated 11 June 2021 (the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantors, 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes 
any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Bearer Notes), the 
paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Bearer Notes) and Deutsche Bank, S.A.E. as local paying agent (the "Local Paying Agent").
(e) Deed of Guarantee: The Notes are the subject of a deed of guarantee dated 11 June 2021 (the "Deed 
of Guarantee") entered into by the Guarantors.
(f)
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Bearer Conditions to "Bearer Notes" are to the Bearer 
Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are 
available for viewing during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the 
initial Specified Office of which is set out below.
(g) Summaries: Certain provisions of these Bearer Conditions are summaries of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the 
Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the 
"Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, 
all the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee applicable to them. 
Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the 
initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.
2
Interpretation
(a) Definitions: In these Bearer Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 36 ---
10203988118-v4
- 36 -
66-41016515
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Business Day" means:
(i)
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and
(ii)
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
(i)
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to 
the first following day that is a Business Day;
(ii)
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day;
(iii)
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day;
(iv)
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that:
(A)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month;
(B)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and
(C)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and
(v)
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention;
"Calculation Agent" means such Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Bearer Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Bearer Note;

--- Page 37 ---
10203988118-v4
- 37 -
66-41016515
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Bearer Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and:
(a) if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means:
(a)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and
(b)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:
A) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and
B)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year;
(b) if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(c) if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365;
(d) if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;
(e) if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30";
(f)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 38 ---
10203988118-v4
- 38 -
66-41016515
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and
(g) if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period;
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions, or specified 
in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 39 ---
10203988118-v4
- 39 -
66-41016515
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently, Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Banking Federation based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number 
of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor);
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Bearer Notes, its principal amount or such 
higher amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Group" means Red Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and its subsidiaries;
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person 
to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation):
(i)
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness;
(ii)
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness;
(iii)
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and
(iv)
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;
"Guarantee of the Notes" means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantors in the Deed of 
Guarantee;
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(i)
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility;
(ii)
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; and
(iii)
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases;
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Bearer Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Bearer Note for that Interest Period;
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Bearer Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms;
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms:
(i)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or
(ii)
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention

--- Page 40 ---
10203988118-v4
- 40 -
66-41016515
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any 
other case);
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date;
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated as 
at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Bearer Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc;
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Bearer Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.);
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount 
or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make-Whole Amount, such other amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts 
the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;
"Payment Business Day" means:
(a) if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is:
(i)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and
(ii)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or
(b) if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is:
(i)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and
(ii)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre;
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;

--- Page 41 ---
10203988118-v4
- 41 -
66-41016515
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided however that:
(i)
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and
(ii)
in relation to Australi-an dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Bearer Note at the option of the Noteholder;
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Bearer Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to 
redeem a Bearer Note at the option of the Noteholder;
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Bearer Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Bearer Conditions;
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference 
Rate;
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR or SONIA (or the Successor Rate), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Regular Period" means:
(i)
in the case of Bearer Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;
(ii)
in the case of Bearer Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled 
to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and
(iii)
in the case of Bearer Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular 
Interest Period.
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders;

--- Page 42 ---
10203988118-v4
- 42 -
66-41016515
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market) in each case, with an original maturity of greater than 365 
days;
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate;
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction;
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Fiscal Agency Agreement;
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"):
(i)
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of 50 per cent. of the share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove the 
majority of the members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or
(ii)
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated (using the proportional integration method) with those of 
the first Person;
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons;
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007;
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; and
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended.
(a)
Interpretation: In these Conditions:
(i)
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Bearer Notes  
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to 
Talons;
(ii)
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Bearer 
Notes  at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable;
(iii)
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10

--- Page 43 ---
10203988118-v4
- 43 -
66-41016515
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Bearer Note and any other amount in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions;
(iv)
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;
(v)
references to Bearer Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement;
(vi)
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Bearer 
Notes; and
(vii)
any reference to the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee shall be 
construed as a reference to the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee, as 
the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date 
of the Bearer Notes.
3
Form, Denomination and Title
The Bearer Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. In the case of any Bearer Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or within the 
United Kingdom, or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area or in the 
United Kingdom in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination will be €100,000 (or, if the Bearer Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall 
(except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999.
4
Status of the Bearer Notes and Guarantee
The restated text of the Insolvency Law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (the 
"Insolvency Law") provides, among other things, that:
(i)
any claim may become subordinated if it is not reported to the insolvency administrators within 
one month from the last official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency. If the 
insolvency proceeding is declared as abridged, the term to report may be reduced to fifteen days;
(ii)
provisions in a contract granting one party the right to terminate by reason only of the other's 
insolvency may not be enforceable;
(iii)
interest (other than any interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the 
value of the assets subject to the security) accrued and unpaid until the declaration of the 
insolvency proceedings (concurso) shall become subordinated; and
(iv)
accrual of interest (other than any interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal 
to the value of the asset subject to the security) shall be suspended from the date of the declaration 
of insolvency.
(a)
Status of the Bearer Notes:

--- Page 44 ---
10203988118-v4
- 44 -
66-41016515
The Bearer Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer which (unless 
they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 309.2 of the Insolvency Law) in the event of the 
insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least 
pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application, and in particular, save for such payment obligations that are preferred by law 
under Articles 242, 243, 245, 251, 270, 271, 272 and 280 of the Insolvency Law.
In the event of the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Insolvency Law, and assuming 
that the Bearer Notes continue being unsecured, claims relating to the Bearer Notes (unless they 
qualify as subordinated credits under Article 309.2 of the Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits 
(créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against 
the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a privilege (créditos privilegiados). 
Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits. Accrued and unpaid interest due in respect of 
the Bearer Notes at the commencement of an insolvency proceeding (concurso) of the Issuer will 
qualify as subordinated credits. Under Spanish law, accrual of interest on the Bearer Notes shall 
be suspended from the date of any declaration of insolvency.
(b)
Status of the Guarantee:
The Guarantors have in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the 
due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
Bearer Notes.
This Guarantee of the Bearer Notes constitutes direct, general, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Guarantors which 
(unless they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 309.2 of the Insolvency Law) in the 
event of the insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantors will at all times rank at least pari passu with 
all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantors, save for 
such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application, and in particular, save for such payment obligations that are preferred by law under 
Articles 242, 243, 245, 251, 270, 271, 272 and 280 of the Insolvency Law.
5
Negative Pledge
So long as any Note remains outstanding neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors shall create or permit to 
subsist any Security Interest (other than Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its 
present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (i) at the same time or prior thereto securing 
the Bearer Notes equally and rateably therewith, or (ii) providing such other security for the Bearer Notes 
as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders.
Permitted Security Interest means: (i) any Security Interest created in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness 
of a company which has merged with the Issuer, any of the Guarantors or one of its or their Subsidiaries 
or which has been acquired by the Issuer, any of the Guarantors or one of its or their Subsidiaries, provided 
that such security was already in existence at the time of the merger or the acquisition, was not created for 
the purpose of financing the merger or the acquisition and is not increased in amount and not extended 
following the merger or the acquisition; and (ii) any Security Interest arising pursuant to any mandatory 
provision of law other than as a result of any action taken by the Issuer or any of the Guarantors in their 
ordinary course of business.
6
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Bearer Notes only 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Bearer Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
9 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in

--- Page 45 ---
10203988118-v4
- 45 -
66-41016515
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Bearer Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Bearer Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination.
(d)
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.
7
Floating Rate Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Bearer Notes 
only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable.
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Bearer Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
9 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Bearer Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment).
(c)
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Bearer Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Bearer Notes for which 
SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis:
(i)
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;
(ii)
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where:
(A)
one rate shall be determined as if the Relevant Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
and
(B)
the other rate shall be determined as if the Relevant Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period;

--- Page 46 ---
10203988118-v4
- 46 -
66-41016515
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate;
(iii)
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date;
(iv)
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will:
(A)
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and
(B)
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and
(v)
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time,
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided however that if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Bearer Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and 
the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Bearer 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.
(d)
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Bearer 
Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where 
"ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which:
(i)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
(ii)
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
(e)
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.
(f)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the

--- Page 47 ---
10203988118-v4
- 47 -
66-41016515
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.
(g)
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
(h)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Bearer Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be 
entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.
(i)
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantors, 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability 
to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes.
(j)
Benchmark Discontinuation: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when 
the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(j)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 7(j)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(j)(iv)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 7(j). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 7(j) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest 
Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(j)(i) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any subsequent 
Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(j). 
If the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that:

--- Page 48 ---
10203988118-v4
- 48 -
66-41016515
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 7(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all 
following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(j) in 
the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate; or 
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(j)(iii)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately 
following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(j) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Alternative Rate. 
If the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(j) and the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms Pricing Supplement as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(j)(v), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense 
of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7(j)). 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(j) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A)
 confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any 
relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 7(j); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(j), the Calculation Agent or any Paying 
Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any 
changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 7(j), which, in the sole and 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties,

--- Page 49 ---
10203988118-v4
- 49 -
66-41016515
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
and/or these Conditions.
As used in this Condition 7(j): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or
(B)
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or   
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(j) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the Specified Currency. 
"Benchmark Event" means:
A.
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as 
a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or
B.
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date 
(the "Specified Future Date"); or 
C.
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
D.
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Bearer Notes; 
or
E.
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market; or

--- Page 50 ---
10203988118-v4
- 50 -
66-41016515
F.
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under 
the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable).
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C) or (D) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date.
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(iv). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 7(j).
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
7A
Interest – Floating Rate Bearer Notes referencing SONIA
(a) 
This Condition 7A is applicable to the Bearer Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA".
(b) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7A:
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards:
[
𝑑𝑜
∏
𝑖=  1(1 +  
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
) ― 1]x 
365
𝑑
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such Observation Period;

--- Page 51 ---
10203988118-v4
- 51 -
66-41016515
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in such Observation 
Period;
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in such Observation Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period;
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Bearer Notes are due and payable). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and including, such London 
Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day;
"p" means the number of London Banking Days by which an Observation Period precedes an Interest 
Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (provided that "p" shall not be less than five London 
Banking Days without prior written approval of the Calculation Agent); 
"Observation Period" means the period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Bearer Notes become due and payable);
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Observation Period, 
the SONIA Reference Rate for that day.
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds 
the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to 
a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the 
previous London Banking Day but without compounding.
(d) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Calculation Bank 
determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be: 
(i) 
(A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to 
the Bank Rate over the previous London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).
(e)
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
7A, the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that

--- Page 52 ---
10203988118-v4
- 52 -
66-41016515
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Bearer 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Bearer Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period).
(f)
If the Bearer Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of default), the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the definition specified above, be deemed to be 
the date on which the Bearer Notes became due and payable and the Interest Rate on the Bearer Notes 
shall, for so long as the Bearer Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date.
8
Redemption and Purchase
(a)
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Bearer Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Payments).
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons: The Bearer Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part:
(i)
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or
(ii)
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable),
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to 
the date fixed for redemption, if, immediately before giving such notice:
(A)
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Bearer Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or
(B)
(1) the Guarantors have or (if a demand was made under the Guarantee of the Bearer Notes) 
would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Bearer 
Notes and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Guarantors taking reasonable 
measures available to it,
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than:
(1)
where the Bearer Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer or the Guarantors would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Bearer Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand 
under the Guarantee of the Bearer Notes were then made; or
(2)
where the Bearer Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer or the Guarantors would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Bearer Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand under the 
Guarantee of the Bearer Notes were then made.

--- Page 53 ---
10203988118-v4
- 53 -
66-41016515
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed by two directors 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
or (as the case may be) either of the Guarantors has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred 
to in this Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 8(b) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons).
(c)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Bearer Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Bearer 
Notes or, as the case may be, the Bearer Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) 
to such date). 
If the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) specified in the relevant Final Terms is the "Make-
Whole Amount", the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will be the higher of:
(a)
100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Bearer Notes to be redeemed; 
and 
(b)
the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Bearer Notes 
to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Bearer Notes (exclusive of 
interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an 
annual basis at (i) the Reference Note Rate plus the Redemption Margin; or (ii) the 
Discount Rate, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Make-whole Exemption Period is specified as applicable and the Issuer gives notice to 
redeem the Bearer Notes during the Make-whole Exemption Period, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) will be 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding 
of the Bearer Notes to be redeemed.
All Bearer Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 8(c).
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Bearer Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in 
such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing 
market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority requirements. 
In this Condition 8(c), as applicable:
"Discount Rate" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms.
"FA Selected Note" means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Bearer 
Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as 
the Bearer Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Bearer Notes.º
"Financial Adviser" means the entity so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified or such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor.
"Make-whole Exemption Period" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 54 ---
10203988118-v4
- 54 -
66-41016515
"Redemption Margin" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms.
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier 
than the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice.
"Reference Government Note Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantors, or their affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate note issues.
"Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Note Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Note (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government 
Note Dealer. 
"Reference Note" shall be the note so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified 
or if no longer available, the FA Selected Note.
"Reference Note Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations; or (b) if the Financial 
Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations.
"Reference Note Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Note, assuming a price for the Reference Note 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Note Price for such date 
of redemption.
"Remaining Term Interest" means with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is 
to be redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition.
(d)
Partial redemption: If the Bearer Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 8(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the 
Bearer Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal 
Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Bearer Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 8(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Bearer 
Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.
(e)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order 
to exercise the option contained in this Condition 8(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited 
shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once 
deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 8(e) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders), may be withdrawn; 
provided however that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note

--- Page 55 ---
10203988118-v4
- 55 -
66-41016515
becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or 
refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at 
such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and 
shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against 
surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a 
Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at 
the option of Noteholders), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed 
to be the holder of such Note for all purposes.
(f)
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event (as defined 
below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase 
Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), redeem or purchase 
(or procure the purchase of), at its option, the Bearer Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, 
but not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal 
amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption 
or purchase.
All Bearer Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
A "Substantial Purchase Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 80 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Bearer Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which for 
these purposes shall include any further Bearer Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) is 
purchased by the Issuer or Guarantors or any of their subsidiaries (and in each case is cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 8(j).
(g)
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption (the "Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date")), at its option, 
redeem the Bearer Notes comprising the relevant Series, in whole but not in part, at their principal 
amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of 
Bearer Notes having a maturity of not more than 10 years or (ii) six months before the Maturity 
Date in respect of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than ten years.
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity 
of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Bearer Notes.
All Bearer Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
(h)
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Bearer Notes otherwise than 
as provided in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
(i)
Purchase: The Issuer, the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time 
purchase Bearer Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all 
unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. Such Bearer Notes may be held or resold at the 
option of the Guarantors or their respective Subsidiaries. Bearer Notes purchased by the Issuer 
must be surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. The Guarantors or their respective 
Subsidiaries may sell such Bearer Notes to the Issuer. In such case the Issuer must surrender such 
notes to any Paying Agent for cancellation.
(j)
Cancellation: All Bearer Notes so redeemed by the Issuer and any unmatured Coupons attached 
to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled. All Bearer Notes so cancelled and any Bearer 
Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8(i) (Redemption and Purchase – Purchase) 
above (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent 
and cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 56 ---
10203988118-v4
- 56 -
66-41016515
9
Payments
(a)
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch 
of a bank in the City of London).
(b)
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
paragraph (a) above.
(c)
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Bearer Notes in the currency in which the payment 
is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and 
(iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law.
(d)
Payments subject to fiscal laws: Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws 
and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 10 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments.
(e)
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto:
(i)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided however that if 
the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing 
Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment;
(ii)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment:
(A)
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided however that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a 
fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become 
void in its entirety; and
(B)
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available 
for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as 
the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment.

--- Page 57 ---
10203988118-v4
- 57 -
66-41016515
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupons.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 9(f) (Payments 
– Unmatured Coupons void) is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, 
on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
8(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 8(e) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 8(f) 
(Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event), Condition 8(g) (Residual Maturity Call 
Option) or Condition 11 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or 
not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof.
(g)
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in 
such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay.
(h)
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by paragraph (c) above).
(i)
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment.
(j)
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon 
Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which 
claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 12 (Prescription). Upon the due date for 
redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no 
Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon.
10
Taxation
(a)
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Bearer Notes and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantors shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, 
or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantors shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon:
(i)
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its 
having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere 
holding of the Note or Coupon; or
(ii)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would not be liable or subject to 
the withholding or deduction by making a declaration concerning the nationality, residence 
or identity of the holder (or providing information, documentation or other evidence of the 
same) or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority or to (or on behalf

--- Page 58 ---
10203988118-v4
- 58 -
66-41016515
of) the Issuer, where such declaration or claim is upon request required or imposed by the 
Spanish tax authorities; or
(iii)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if the Issuer or the Guarantors do not receive 
in a timely manner certain information about the Bearer Notes of such holder as it is 
required by the applicable Spanish tax laws and regulations, including a duly executed and 
completed certificate, pursuant to Law 10/2014 of 26 June, and Royal Decree 1065/2007 
of 27 July; or
(iv)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts 
on presenting such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days.
(b)
Taxing jurisdiction: If any of the Issuer or the Guarantors become subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of 
Spain shall be construed as references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction.
11
Events of Default
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing:
(a)
Non-payment: the Issuer (and each of the Guarantors under the Deed of Guarantee) fails to pay 
any amount of principal in respect of the Bearer Notes (or in respect of the Deed of Guarantee) 
within fourteen days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in 
respect of the Bearer Notes (or in respect of the Deed of Guarantee)  within twenty one days of 
the due date for payment thereof; or
 (b)
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or either of the Guarantors defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Bearer Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee and such default remains unremedied for 60 days after written notice thereof to the 
Issuer and the Guarantors; or
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Guarantors:
(i)
any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the either of the Guarantors is not paid when 
due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii)
any amounts of principal or interest in respect of such Relevant Indebtedness becomes (or 
becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise 
than at the option of the Issuer or either of the Guarantors (as the case may be) or (provided 
that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such 
Indebtedness; or
 (iii)
the Issuer or either of the Guarantors fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness;
provided that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-
paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph 
(iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); or
(d) 
Enforcement proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution, or other legal process is levied, 
enforced or sued out, on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the 
Group and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer 
is appointed, of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Group; 
or
(f)
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer or either of the Guarantors becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or either of the Guarantors

--- Page 59 ---
10203988118-v4
- 59 -
66-41016515
or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or either of 
the Guarantors is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer or 
either of the Guarantors takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations 
or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness given by it or (iv) the Issuer or either of the Guarantors ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on all or any substantial part of its business (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant 
to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or (v) an order is made or an 
effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or either 
of the Guarantors (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or
(g) 
Failure to take action etc: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled 
or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantors lawfully to enter into, exercise their 
respective rights and perform and comply with their respective obligations under and in respect of 
the Bearer Notes (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and 
(iii) to make the Bearer Notes and the Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts of the 
Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done by the Issuer or the Guarantors (as applicable); 
or
(h) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or either of the Guarantors to perform 
or comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Bearer Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee; or
(i) 
Guarantee not in force: the Guarantee of the Bearer Notes is not (or is claimed by either of the 
Guarantors not to be) in full force and effect; or
then any Noteholder of the relevant Series in respect of such Bearer Notes may, by written notice to the 
Issuer and the Guarantors, declare that such Bearer Notes or Note (as the case may be) and all interest then 
accrued but unpaid on such Bearer Notes or Note (as the case may be) shall be forthwith due and payable, 
whereupon the same shall (to the extent permitted by applicable Spanish law) become immediately due 
and payable at its Early Termination Amount, together with all interest accrued thereon without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, 
anything contained in such Bearer Notes to the contrary.
12
Prescription
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are presented for payment within 
ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.
13
Replacement of Bearer Notes and Coupons
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Bearer Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a 
Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant 
of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Bearer Notes or 
Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
14
Agents
In acting under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and in connection with the Bearer Notes and the Coupons, 
the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantors and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders.
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantors reserve the right at any time

--- Page 60 ---
10203988118-v4
- 60 -
66-41016515
to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided however that:
(a)
the Issuer and the Guarantors shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and
(b)
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and
(c)
if and for so long as the Bearer Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of 
a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall maintain a Paying 
Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system.
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders.
15
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Bearer Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (acting together) and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Bearer Notes.  The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will 
be two or more persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Bearer Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Bearer Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons 
holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Bearer Notes form a quorum.  Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders 
and Couponholders, whether present or not.
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
(b)
Modification:  The Bearer Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of 
Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct 
a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Fiscal Agency Agreement may agree to modify 
any provision thereof, but the Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made 
to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders.
16
Substitution
Each of the Guarantors or any of their Subsidiaries (as defined below) (each a "Substitute Obligor") may, 
without the consent of the Holders of any Bearer Notes, Receipts or Coupons, assume the obligations of 
the Issuer (or any previous Substitute Obligor) under and in respect of any Bearer Notes upon:
(a) 
Deed poll: the execution of a deed poll (the "Deed Poll") by the Substitute Obligor and (if the 
Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors) the Guarantors (or by such of the Guarantors as 
is not the Substitute Obligor) in a form which gives full effect to such assumption and which 
includes (without limitation):

--- Page 61 ---
10203988118-v4
- 61 -
66-41016515
(i) 
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor in favour of the Holders of the Bearer Notes to be 
bound by these Terms and Conditions, the Bearer Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the 
Deed of Covenant and the Fiscal Agency Agreement, with any consequential amendments, 
as if it had been named herein and therein as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer, 
and such other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) in order for the substitution to 
be fully effective and for the Substitute Guarantor to be bound by all of the Issuer's 
obligations;
(ii) 
a warranty and representation (A) that the Substituted Obligor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for such substitution and 
for the performance by the Substituted Obligor of its obligations under the Deed Poll and 
under any other documents required to give full effect to the substitution, (B) that all such 
approvals and consents are in full force and effect, and (C) that the obligations assumed 
by the Substituted Obligor are valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms 
and enforceable by each Holder of the Bearer Notes; and
(iii) 
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor and (if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the 
Guarantors) each of the Guarantors (or by such of the Guarantors as is not the Substitute 
Obligor) to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder against all taxes or duties which 
arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable 
contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be 
incurred or levied against such Holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this 
Condition 16 (Substitution) and which would not have been so incurred or levied had such 
substitution not been made (and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any and 
all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Holder by any political sub-division or 
taxing authority of any country in which such Holder resides or is subject to any such tax 
or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made); 
and
(iv) 
an acknowledgment of the right of all Holders of the Bearer Notes to the production of the 
Deed Poll.
(b) 
Deed of Guarantee: if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors, the execution of a 
deed of guarantee (the "Substitute Guarantee" hereinafter for the purpose of this Condition 16 
(Substitution) only) by each of the Guarantors (or by such of the Guarantors as is not the Substitute 
Obligor) on substantially the same terms as the Deed of Guarantee pursuant to which it undertakes 
to guarantee the performance of the obligations of the Substitute Obligor under the Deed Poll, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes and any other documents required to give full effect to 
the substitution.
(c) 
Legal opinion: the delivery by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that:
(i) 
the Deed Poll constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute 
Obligor and, if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors, the Guarantors (or 
by such of the Guarantors as is not the Substitute Obligor);
(ii) 
the Bearer Notes constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute Obligor; and
(iii) 
if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors, the Substitute Guarantee 
constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Guarantors in respect 
of all sums from time to time payable by the Substitute Obligor in respect of the Bearer 
Notes.
(d)
Taxation: where the Substitute Obligor is subject to a different taxing jurisdiction (the 
"Substituted Territory") than that to which the Issuer is subject generally (the "Issuer's 
Territory"), the Substituted Obligor will give an undertaking in terms corresponding to Condition 
10 (Taxation) with the substitution for the reference in that Condition to the Issuer's Territory of 
references to the Substituted Territory;

--- Page 62 ---
10203988118-v4
- 62 -
66-41016515
(e)
Ratings: an undertaking to the Holders to provide a written confirmation by two internationally 
recognised rating agencies that the substitution of the Substituted Obligor will not result in a 
downgrading of the then current credit rating of such rating agencies applicable to the class of debt 
represented by the Bearer Notes;
(f)
Release of Issuer: Not later than fourteen days after the execution of any such documents as 
aforesaid in paragraph (a), the Substituted Obligor shall cause notice thereof to be given to the 
Noteholders; and
(g) 
Completion of substitution: Upon the execution of such documents and compliance with the 
requirements stated in this Condition 16 (Substitution), the Substituted Obligor will be deemed to 
be named in these Terms and Conditions, the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons as if it had been 
named herein and therein as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute 
under this Condition 16 (Substitution)) and the Bearer Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons will 
be deemed to be amended in such manner as necessary to give effect to the substitution and any 
references in the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons to the Issuer will be references to the 
Substituted Obligor.
17
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further Bearer Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Bearer Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Bearer Notes.
18
Notices
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) 
or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made 
in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders.
19
Currency Indemnity
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Bearer Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Bearer Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, 
against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such 
purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or 
rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first 
currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of 
any such order, judgment, claim or proof.
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action.
20
Rounding
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such

--- Page 63 ---
10203988118-v4
- 63 -
66-41016515
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards.
21
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing law: The formalities relating to the issue of the Bearer Notes, their legal nature 
(obligaciones), the status of the Bearer Notes and the status of the Guarantee of the Bearer Notes 
(Condition 4 (Status of the Bearer Notes and Guarantee)), the capacity of the Issuer and of the 
Guarantors, the relevant corporate resolutions and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with any of the above shall be governed by Spanish law. Subject as provided above, 
the terms and conditions of the Bearer Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant and all non-contractual obligations arising from or in connection with the Bearer Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons, Talons, Fiscal Agency Agreement and Deed of Covenant are governed by 
English law.
(b)
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising from 
or connected with the Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons (including a dispute relating 
to the existence, validity or termination of the Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons or 
any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Bearer Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons and/or Talons) or the consequences of their nullity (a "Dispute").
(c)
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary.
(d)
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London 
EC2V 7EX or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in 
Great Britain at which process may be served on it. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively 
appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written 
demand of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, 
failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person 
by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to 
Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 64 ---
10203988118-v4
- 64 -
66-41016515
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BOOK-ENTRY NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
applicable to the Book-entry Notes. The relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this 
Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in 
respect of any Tranche of Book-entry Notes may complete any information in this Base Prospectus.
1
Introduction
(h) Programme: Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (the "Issuer") has 
established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 
5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of book-entry notes (the "Book-entry Notes") 
guaranteed by Red Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad 
Anónima Unipersonal (each a "Guarantor" and together the "Guarantors").
(i)
Final Terms: Book-Entry Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Book-Entry Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions 
(the "Bearer Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Book-
Entry Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall 
prevail.
(j)
Public Deed of Issuance: as far as required by Law (or, otherwise, at the option of the Issuer) each 
Tranche of Book-Entry Notes will be constituted by virtue of a public deed of issuance (the "Public 
Deed of Issuance") to be executed before a Spanish notary public on or prior to the Issue Date.
(k) Agency Agreement: The Book-entry Notes are the subject of an amended and restated fiscal agency 
agreement dated 11 June 2021 (the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantors, 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes 
any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Bearer Notes), the 
paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Bearer Notes) and Deutsche Bank, S.A.E. as local paying agent (the "Local Paying Agent").
(l)
Deed of Covenant: The Book-entry Notes have the benefit of an English law-governed Deed of 
Covenant (the "Book-entry Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer on or around the date of 
this Base Prospectus to which these Book-entry Conditions will be affixed. In the Book-entry Deed of 
Covenant, the Issuer has covenanted in favour of each Noteholder (as defined below) that it will duly 
perform and comply with the obligations expressed to be undertaken by it in these Book-entry 
Conditions. The benefit of the Book-entry Deed of Covenant will not imply that the Book-entry Notes 
benefit from a security interest or that they have a higher ranking than other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.
(m) Deed of Guarantee: The Notes are the subject of a deed of guarantee dated 11 June 2021 (the "Deed 
of Guarantee") entered into by the Guarantors.
(n) The Notes: All subsequent references in these Book-Entry Conditions to "Book-Entry Notes " are to 
the Book-Entry Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final 
Terms are available for viewing during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below.
(o) Summaries: Certain provisions of these Book-entry Conditions are summaries of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and are subject to its detailed provisions. The Noteholders (as defined below) are bound 
by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement applicable to 
them. Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during 
normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which 
is set out below.

--- Page 65 ---
10203988118-v4
- 65 -
66-41016515
2
Interpretation
Definitions: In these Book-entry Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Business Day" means:
(i)
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and
(ii)
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
(i)
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to 
the first following day that is a Business Day;
(ii)
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day;
(iii)
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day;
(iv)
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that:
(A)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month;
(B)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and
(C)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and
(v)
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention;
"Calculation Agent" means such Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 66 ---
10203988118-v4
- 66 -
66-41016515
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Bearer Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and:
(i)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means:
(a)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and
(b)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:
A) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and
B)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year;
(ii)
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(iii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365;
(iv)
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;
(v)
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30";

--- Page 67 ---
10203988118-v4
- 67 -
66-41016515
(vi)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and
(vii)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period;
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 68 ---
10203988118-v4
- 68 -
66-41016515
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions, or specified 
in the relevant Final Terms;
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently, Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Banking Federation based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number 
of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor);
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Book-entry Notes, its principal amount or 
such higher amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Group" means Red Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and its subsidiaries;
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person 
to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation):
(i)
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness;
(ii)
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness;
(iii)
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and
(iv)
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;
"Guarantee of the Notes" means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantors in the Deed of 
Guarantee;
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(i)
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility;
(ii)
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; and
(iii)
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases;
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Bearer Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Bearer Note for that Interest Period;
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Book-entry Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms;
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms:
(i)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or

--- Page 69 ---
10203988118-v4
- 69 -
66-41016515
(ii)
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any 
other case);
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date;
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated as 
at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Book-entry Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc;
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Book-entry Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.);
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount 
or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make-Whole Amount, such other amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts 
the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;
"Payment Business Day" means:
(a) if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is:
(i)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and
(ii)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or
(b) if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is:
(i)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and
(ii)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre;

--- Page 70 ---
10203988118-v4
- 70 -
66-41016515
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided however that:
(i)
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and
(ii)
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Bearer Note at the option of the Noteholder;
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Bearer Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to 
redeem a Bearer Note at the option of the Noteholder;
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Book-entry Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Bearer Conditions;
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference 
Rate;
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR or SONIA (or the Successor Rate), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Regular Period" means:
(i)
in the case of Book-entry Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;
(ii)
in the case of Book-entry Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular 
Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and
(iii)
in the case of Book-entry Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period.
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the

--- Page 71 ---
10203988118-v4
- 71 -
66-41016515
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders;
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market) in each case, with an original maturity of greater than 365 
days;
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate;
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction;
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Fiscal Agency Agreement;
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"):
(i)
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of 50 per cent. of the share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove the 
majority of the members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or
(ii)
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated (using the proportional integration method) with those of 
the first Person;
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons;
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007;
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; and
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended.
(a)
Interpretation: In these Conditions:
 (i)
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Bearer Note and any other amount in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 72 ---
10203988118-v4
- 72 -
66-41016515
(ii)
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;
(iii)
references to Book-entry Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance 
with the Fiscal Agency Agreement;
(iv)
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Book-entry 
Notes; and
(v)
any reference to the Fiscal Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the 
Issue Date of the Book-entry Notes.
3
Form, Denomination and Title
3.1
Form and denomination
The Book-entry Notes will be issued in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en 
cuenta) in the aggregate nominal amount (the "Aggregate Nominal Amount"), specified denomination 
(the "Specified Denomination") and specified currency (the "Specified Currency") shown in the 
relevant Final Terms provided that the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Book-entry Notes).
3.2
Registration, clearing and settlement
The Book-entry Notes will be registered with the Spanish Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de 
Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal ("Iberclear"), which is the Spanish 
Central Securities Depository, with its registered office at Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 28014, Madrid, Spain. 
Holders of a beneficial interest in the Book-entry Notes who do not have, directly or indirectly through 
their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear may hold the Book-entry Notes through bridge 
accounts maintained by each of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") with Iberclear. Iberclear will manage the settlement of the Book-entry 
Notes, notwithstanding the Issuer’s commitment to assist, when appropriate, on the settlement of the 
Book-entry Notes through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
The information concerning the International Securities Identification Number Code of the Book-entry 
Notes (the "ISIN") will be stated in the Final Terms.
3.3
Title and transfer
Title to the Book-entry Notes will be evidenced by book-entries and each person shown in the central 
registry managed (the "Spanish Central Registry") by Iberclear and in the registries maintained by the 
respective participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear (the "Iberclear Members") as 
being the holder of the Book-entry Notes shall be considered the holder of the principal amount of the 
Book-entry Notes recorded therein. In these Book-entry Conditions, the "Holder" of a Book-entry Note 
means the person in whose name such Book-entry Note is for the time being registered in the Spanish 
Central Registry managed by Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member accounting 
book and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly and when appropriate, means owners of a 
beneficial interest in the Book-entry Notes. 
One or more certificates (each, a "Certificate") attesting to the relevant Noteholder’s holding of the 
Book-entry Notes in the relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Member or, where 
the Holder is itself an Iberclear Member, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with the requirements 
of Spanish law and the relevant Iberclear Member’s or, as the case may be, Iberclear’s procedures) to 
such Holder upon such Holder’s request.
The Book-entry Notes are issued without any restrictions on their free transferability. Consequently, the 
Book-entry Notes may be transferred and title to the Book-entry Notes may pass (subject to Spanish law

--- Page 73 ---
10203988118-v4
- 73 -
66-41016515
and to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of Iberclear or, as the case may 
be, the relevant Iberclear Member) upon registration in the relevant registry of each Iberclear Member 
and / or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Holder will be (except as otherwise required by Spanish law) 
treated as the legitimate owner (titular legítimo) of the relevant Book-entry Notes for all purposes 
(whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest or any writing 
on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect of it) and no person will be liable for so treating 
the Holder.
4
Status of the Book-entry Notes and Guarantee
The restated text of the Insolvency Law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (the 
"Insolvency Law") provides, among other things, that: 
(i)
any claim may become subordinated if it is not reported to the insolvency administrators within 
one month from the last official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency. If the 
insolvency proceeding is declared as abridged, the term to report may be reduced to fifteen days;
(ii)
provisions in a contract granting one party the right to terminate by reason only of the other's 
insolvency may not be enforceable;
(iii)
interest (other than any interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the 
value of the assets subject to the security) accrued and unpaid until the declaration of the 
insolvency proceedings (concurso) shall become subordinated; and
(iv)
accrual of interest (other than any interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal 
to the value of the asset subject to the security) shall be suspended from the date of the declaration 
of insolvency.
(a)
Status of the Book-entry Notes:
The Book-entry Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer which (unless 
they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 309.2 of the Insolvency Law) in the event of the 
insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least 
pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application, and in particular, save for such payment obligations that are preferred by law 
under Articles 242, 243, 245, 251, 270, 271, 272 and 280 of the Insolvency Law.
In the event of the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Insolvency Law, and assuming 
that the Book-entry Notes continue being unsecured, claims relating to the Book-entry Notes 
(unless they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 309.2 of the Insolvency Law) will be 
ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank 
below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a privilege 
(créditos privilegiados). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits. Accrued and unpaid 
interest due in respect of the Book-entry Notes at the commencement of an insolvency proceeding 
(concurso) of the Issuer will qualify as subordinated credits. Under Spanish law, accrual of interest 
on the Book-entry Notes shall be suspended from the date of any declaration of insolvency.
(b)
Status of the Guarantee:
The Guarantors have in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the 
due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
Book-entry Notes.
This Guarantee of the Book-entry Notes constitutes direct, general, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Guarantors which 
(unless they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 309.2 of the Insolvency Law) in the 
event of the insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantors will at all times rank at least pari passu with 
all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantors, save for 
such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general

--- Page 74 ---
10203988118-v4
- 74 -
66-41016515
application, and in particular, save for such payment obligations that are preferred by law under 
Articles 242, 243, 245, 251, 270, 271, 272 and 280of the Insolvency Law.
5
Negative Pledge
So long as any Note remains outstanding neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors shall create or permit to 
subsist any Security Interest (other than Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its 
present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (i) at the same time or prior thereto securing 
the Book-entry Notes equally and rateably therewith, or (ii) providing such other security for the Book-
entry Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders.
Permitted Security Interest means: (i) any Security Interest created in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness 
of a company which has merged with the Issuer, any of the Guarantors or one of its or their Subsidiaries 
or which has been acquired by the Issuer, any of the Guarantors or one of its or their Subsidiaries, provided 
that such security was already in existence at the time of the merger or the acquisition, was not created for 
the purpose of financing the merger or the acquisition and is not increased in amount and not extended 
following the merger or the acquisition; and (ii) any Security Interest arising pursuant to any mandatory 
provision of law other than as a result of any action taken by the Issuer or any of the Guarantors in their 
ordinary course of business.
6
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Book-entry Notes 
only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Book-entry Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Book-entry Notes 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount.
(d)
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.
7
Floating Rate Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Book-entry 
Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable.
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Book-entry Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
(as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums

--- Page 75 ---
10203988118-v4
- 75 -
66-41016515
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Book-entry Notes up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).
(c)
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Book-entry Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Book-entry Notes 
for which SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
(i)
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;
(ii)
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where:
(A)
one rate shall be determined as if the Relevant Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
and
(B)
the other rate shall be determined as if the Relevant Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period;
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate;
(iii)
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date;
(iv)
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will:
(A)
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and
(B)
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and
(v)
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time,
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided however that if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in

--- Page 76 ---
10203988118-v4
- 76 -
66-41016515
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Book-entry Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Book-
entry Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.
(d)
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Book-
entry Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which:
(i)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
(ii)
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
(e)
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.
(f)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.
(g)
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
(h)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Book-entry Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be 
entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.
(i)
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantors,

--- Page 77 ---
10203988118-v4
- 77 -
66-41016515
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability 
to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes.
(j)
Benchmark Discontinuation: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when 
the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(j)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 7(j)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(j)(iv)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 7(j). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 7(j) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest 
Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(j)(i) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any subsequent 
Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(j). 
If the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 7(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all 
following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(j) in 
the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate; or 
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(j)(iii)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately 
following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(j) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Alternative Rate. 
If the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(j) and the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms Pricing Supplement as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(j)(v), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense 
of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7(j)).

--- Page 78 ---
10203988118-v4
- 78 -
66-41016515
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(j) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A)
 confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any 
relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 7(j); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(j), the Calculation Agent or any Paying 
Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any 
changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 7(j), which, in the sole and 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
and/or these Conditions.
As used in this Condition 7(j): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or
(B)
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or   
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).

--- Page 79 ---
10203988118-v4
- 79 -
66-41016515
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(j) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the Specified Currency. 
"Benchmark Event" means:
A.
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as 
a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or
B.
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date 
(the "Specified Future Date"); or 
C.
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
D.
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Book-entry 
Notes; or
E.
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market; or
F.
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under 
the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable).
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C) or (D) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date.
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(iv). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 7(j).
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

--- Page 80 ---
10203988118-v4
- 80 -
66-41016515
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
7A
Interest – Floating Rate Book-entry Notes referencing SONIA
(a) 
This Condition 7A is applicable to the Book-entry Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference 
Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA".
(b) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7A:
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards:
[
𝑑𝑜
∏
𝑖=  1(1 +  
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
) ― 1]x 
365
𝑑
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such Observation Period;
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in such Observation 
Period;
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in such Observation Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period;
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Book-entry Notes are due and payable). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and including, such London 
Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day;
"p" means the number of London Banking Days by which an Observation Period precedes an Interest 
Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (provided that "p" shall not be less than five London 
Banking Days without prior written approval of the Calculation Agent); 
"Observation Period" means the period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Book-entry Notes become due and payable);
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page

--- Page 81 ---
10203988118-v4
- 81 -
66-41016515
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Observation Period, 
the SONIA Reference Rate for that day.
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds 
the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to 
a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the 
previous London Banking Day but without compounding.
(d) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Calculation Bank 
determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be: 
(i) 
(A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to 
the Bank Rate over the previous London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).
(e)
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
7A, the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Book-entry 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Book-entry Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period).
(f)
If the Book-entry Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of default), 
the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the definition specified above, be deemed to 
be the date on which the Book-entry Notes became due and payable and the Interest Rate on the Book-
entry Notes shall, for so long as the Book-entry Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such 
date.
8
Redemption and Purchase
(a)
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Book-entry 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 9 (Payments).
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons: The Book-entry Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part:
(i)
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or
(ii)
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable),

--- Page 82 ---
10203988118-v4
- 82 -
66-41016515
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to 
the date fixed for redemption, if, immediately before giving such notice:
(A)
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Book-entry Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot 
be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or
(B)
(1) the Guarantors have or (if a demand was made under the Guarantee of the Book-entry 
Notes) would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Book-entry Notes and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the 
Guarantors taking reasonable measures available to it,
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than:
(1)
where the Book-entry Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer or the Guarantors would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Book-entry Notes were then due or (as the case 
may be) a demand under the Guarantee of the Book-entry Notes were then made; or
(2)
where the Book-entry Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which 
the Issuer or the Guarantors would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Book-entry Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand under 
the Guarantee of the Book-entry Notes were then made.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed by two directors 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
or (as the case may be) either of the Guarantors has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred 
to in this Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Book-entry Notes in accordance with this Condition 8(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons).
(c)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Book-entry Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole 
or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at 
the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the 
Book-entry Notes or, as the case may be, the Book-entry Notes specified in such notice on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued 
interest (if any) to such date). 
If the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) specified in the relevant Final Terms is the "Make-
Whole Amount", the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will be the higher of:
(a)
100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Book-entry Notes to be 
redeemed; and

--- Page 83 ---
10203988118-v4
- 83 -
66-41016515
(b)
the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Book-entry 
Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Book-entry Notes 
(exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of 
redemption on an annual basis at (i) the Reference Note Rate plus the Redemption 
Margin; or (ii) the Discount Rate, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Make-whole Exemption Period is specified as applicable and the 
Issuer gives notice to redeem the Book-entry Notes during the Make-whole Exemption 
Period, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will be 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Book-entry Notes to be redeemed.
All Book-entry Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 8(c).
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Book-entry Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and 
in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing 
market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority requirements. 
In this Condition 8(c), as applicable:
"Discount Rate" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms.
"FA Selected Note" means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Book-entry 
Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as 
the Book-entry Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Book-entry 
Notes.º
"Financial Adviser" means the entity so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified or such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor.
"Make-whole Exemption Period" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms.
"Redemption Margin" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms.
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier 
than the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice.
"Reference Government Note Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantors, or their affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate note issues.
"Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Note Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Note (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government 
Note Dealer. 
"Reference Note" shall be the note so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified 
or if no longer available, the FA Selected Note.
"Reference Note Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations; or (b) if the Financial 
Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations.

--- Page 84 ---
10203988118-v4
- 84 -
66-41016515
"Reference Note Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Note, assuming a price for the Reference Note 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Note Price for such date 
of redemption.
"Remaining Term Interest" means with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is 
to be redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition.
(d)
Partial redemption: If the Book-entry Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 8(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), the Book-entry Notes to be redeemed shall be listed, on a pro rata basis by use of a pool 
factor.
(e)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order 
to exercise the option contained in this Condition 8(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deliver a duly completed Put Option Notice 
in the form obtainable from the Local Paying Agent at its registered office which will, in turn, 
forward the Put Option Notice to the Issuer. The Local Paying Agent shall deliver a duly competed 
notice receipt to the relevant Holder. No such notice, once delivered in accordance with this 
Condition 10(e) may be withdrawn.
(f)
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event (as defined 
below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase 
Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), redeem or purchase 
(or procure the purchase of), at its option, the Book-entry Notes comprising the relevant Series in 
whole, but not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their 
principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption or purchase.
All Book-entry Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
A "Substantial Purchase Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 80 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Book-entry Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which 
for these purposes shall include any further Book-entry Notes of the same Series issued 
subsequently) is purchased by the Issuer or Guarantors or any of their subsidiaries (and in each 
case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 8(j).
(g)
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption (the "Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date")), at its option, 
redeem the Book-entry Notes comprising the relevant Series, in whole but not in part, at their 
principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect 
of Book-entry Notes having a maturity of not more than 10 years or (ii) six months before the 
Maturity Date in respect of Book-entry Notes having a maturity of more than ten years.
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity 
of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Book-entry Notes.

--- Page 85 ---
10203988118-v4
- 85 -
66-41016515
All Book-entry Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
(h)
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Book-entry Notes otherwise 
than as provided in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
(i)
Purchase: The Issuer, the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time 
purchase Book-entry Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all 
unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. Such Book-entry Notes may be held or resold at the 
option of the Guarantors or their respective Subsidiaries. Book-entry Notes purchased by the 
Issuer must be surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. The Guarantors or their 
respective Subsidiaries may sell such Book-entry Notes to the Issuer. In such case the Issuer must 
surrender such notes to any Paying Agent for cancellation.
(j)
Cancellation: All Book-entry Notes so redeemed by the Issuer and any unmatured Coupons 
attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled. All Book-entry Notes so cancelled and 
any Book-entry Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8(i) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Purchase) above (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be 
forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.
9
Payments
(a)
Principal and interest: Payments in respect of the Book-entry Notes (in terms of both principal and 
interest) will be made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Holder maintained by 
or on behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in a city in which banks have access to the 
TARGET2 System, details of which appear in the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Iberclear Member at close of business on the day immediately preceding the Business 
Day on which the payment of principal or interest, as the case may be, falls due. Holders must rely 
on the procedures of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member to receive 
payments under the relevant Book-entry Notes. None of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Local 
Paying Agent or, if applicable, any of the Dealers will have any responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to payments made in respect of the Book-entry Notes.
 (b)
Payments subject to fiscal laws: Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws 
and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 10 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments.
(c)
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in 
such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay.
10
Taxation
(a)
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Book-entry Notes and the 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantors shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, 
or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantors shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received

--- Page 86 ---
10203988118-v4
- 86 -
66-41016515
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon:
(i)
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its 
having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere 
holding of the Note or Coupon; or
(ii)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would not be liable or subject to 
the withholding or deduction by making a declaration concerning the nationality, residence 
or identity of the holder (or providing information, documentation or other evidence of the 
same) or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority or to (or on behalf 
of) the Issuer, where such declaration or claim is upon request required or imposed by the 
Spanish tax authorities; or
(iii)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if the Issuer or the Guarantors do not receive 
in a timely manner certain information about the Book-entry Notes of such holder as it is 
required by the applicable Spanish tax laws and regulations, including a duly executed and 
completed certificate from the Fiscal Agent, pursuant to Law 10/2014 of 26 June, and any 
implementing legislation or regulation; or
(iv)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts 
on presenting such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days.
(b)
Taxing jurisdiction: If any of the Issuer or the Guarantors become subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of 
Spain shall be construed as references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction.
11
Events of Default
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing:
(a)
Non-payment: the Issuer (and each of the Guarantors under the Deed of Guarantee) fails to pay 
any amount of principal in respect of the Book-entry Notes (or in respect of the Deed of Guarantee) 
within fourteen days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in 
respect of the Book-entry Notes (or in respect of the Deed of Guarantee)  within twenty one days 
of the due date for payment thereof; or
 (b)
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or either of the Guarantors defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Book-entry Notes or the Deed 
of Guarantee and such default remains unremedied for 60 days after written notice thereof to the 
Issuer and the Guarantors; or
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Guarantors:
(i)
any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the either of the Guarantors is not paid when 
due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii)
any amounts of principal or interest in respect of such Relevant Indebtedness becomes (or 
becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise 
than at the option of the Issuer or either of the Guarantors (as the case may be) or (provided 
that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such 
Indebtedness; or
 (iii)
the Issuer or either of the Guarantors fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness;
provided that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-
paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph

--- Page 87 ---
10203988118-v4
- 87 -
66-41016515
(iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); or
(d) 
Enforcement proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution, or other legal process is levied, 
enforced or sued out, on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the 
Group and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer 
is appointed, of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Group; 
or
(f)
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer or either of the Guarantors becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or either of the Guarantors 
or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or either of 
the Guarantors is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer or 
either of the Guarantors takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations 
or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness given by it or (iv) the Issuer or either of the Guarantors ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on all or any substantial part of its business (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant 
to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or (v) an order is made or an 
effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or either 
of the Guarantors (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or
(g) 
Failure to take action etc: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled 
or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantors lawfully to enter into, exercise their 
respective rights and perform and comply with their respective obligations under and in respect of 
the Book-entry Notes (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable 
and (iii) to make the Book-entry Notes and the Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts of 
the Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done by the Issuer or the Guarantors (as applicable); 
or
(h) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or either of the Guarantors to perform 
or comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Book-entry Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee; or
(i) 
Guarantee not in force: the Guarantee of the Book-entry Notes is not (or is claimed by either of 
the Guarantors not to be) in full force and effect; or
then any Noteholder of the relevant Series in respect of such Book-entry Notes may, by written notice to 
the Issuer and the Guarantors, declare that such Book-entry Notes or Note (as the case may be) and all 
interest then accrued but unpaid on such Book-entry Notes or Note (as the case may be) shall be forthwith 
due and payable, whereupon the same shall (to the extent permitted by applicable Spanish law) become 
immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount, together with all interest accrued thereon 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly 
waive, anything contained in such Book-entry Notes to the contrary.
12
Prescription
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Book-entry Notes are presented for payment 
within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.
13
Agents
In acting under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and in connection with the Book-entry Notes and the 
Coupons, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantors and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders.

--- Page 88 ---
10203988118-v4
- 88 -
66-41016515
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantors reserve the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided however that:
(a)
the Issuer and the Guarantors shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and
(b)
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and
(c)
if and for so long as the Book-entry Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of 
a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall maintain a Paying 
Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system.
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders.
14
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Book-entry Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (acting together) and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Book-entry Notes.  The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution 
will be two or more persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Book-entry Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Book-entry Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons 
holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Book-entry Notes form a quorum.  Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders 
and Couponholders, whether present or not.
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
(b)
Modification:  The Book-entry Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of 
Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct 
a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Fiscal Agency Agreement may agree to modify 
any provision thereof, but the Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made 
to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders.
15
Substitution
Each of the Guarantors or any of their Subsidiaries (as defined below) (each a "Substitute Obligor") may, 
without the consent of the Holders of any Book-entry Notes, Receipts or Coupons, assume the obligations 
of the Issuer (or any previous Substitute Obligor) under and in respect of any Book-entry Notes upon:
(a) 
Deed poll: the execution of a deed poll (the "Deed Poll") by the Substitute Obligor and (if the 
Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors) the Guarantors (or by such of the Guarantors as 
is not the Substitute Obligor) in a form which gives full effect to such assumption and which 
includes (without limitation):

--- Page 89 ---
10203988118-v4
- 89 -
66-41016515
(i) 
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor in favour of the Holders of the Book-entry Notes to 
be bound by these Terms and Conditions, the Book-entry Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons, the Deed of Covenant and the Fiscal Agency Agreement, with any consequential 
amendments, as if it had been named herein and therein as the principal debtor in place of 
the Issuer, and such other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) in order for the 
substitution to be fully effective and for the Substitute Guarantor to be bound by all of the 
Issuer's obligations;
(ii) 
a warranty and representation (A) that the Substituted Obligor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for such substitution and 
for the performance by the Substituted Obligor of its obligations under the Deed Poll and 
under any other documents required to give full effect to the substitution, (B) that all such 
approvals and consents are in full force and effect, and (C) that the obligations assumed 
by the Substituted Obligor are valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms 
and enforceable by each Holder of the Book-entry Notes; and
(iii) 
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor and (if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the 
Guarantors) each of the Guarantors (or by such of the Guarantors as is not the Substitute 
Obligor) to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder against all taxes or duties which 
arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable 
contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be 
incurred or levied against such Holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this 
Condition 16 (Substitution) and which would not have been so incurred or levied had such 
substitution not been made (and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any and 
all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Holder by any political sub-division or 
taxing authority of any country in which such Holder resides or is subject to any such tax 
or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made); 
and
(iv) 
an acknowledgment of the right of all Holders of the Book-entry Notes to the production 
of the Deed Poll.
(b) 
Deed of Guarantee: if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors, the execution of a 
deed of guarantee (the "Substitute Guarantee" hereinafter for the purpose of this Condition 16 
(Substitution) only) by each of the Guarantors (or by such of the Guarantors as is not the Substitute 
Obligor) on substantially the same terms as the Deed of Guarantee pursuant to which it undertakes 
to guarantee the performance of the obligations of the Substitute Obligor under the Deed Poll, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Book-entry Notes and any other documents required to give full 
effect to the substitution.
(c) 
Legal opinion: the delivery by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that:
(i) 
the Deed Poll constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute 
Obligor and, if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors, the Guarantors (or 
by such of the Guarantors as is not the Substitute Obligor);
(ii) 
the Book-entry Notes constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute Obligor; and
(iii) 
if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors, the Substitute Guarantee 
constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Guarantors in respect 
of all sums from time to time payable by the Substitute Obligor in respect of the Book-
entry Notes.
(d)
Taxation: where the Substitute Obligor is subject to a different taxing jurisdiction (the 
"Substituted Territory") than that to which the Issuer is subject generally (the "Issuer's 
Territory"), the Substituted Obligor will give an undertaking in terms corresponding to Condition 
10 (Taxation) with the substitution for the reference in that Condition to the Issuer's Territory of 
references to the Substituted Territory;

--- Page 90 ---
10203988118-v4
- 90 -
66-41016515
(e)
Ratings: an undertaking to the Holders to provide a written confirmation by two internationally 
recognised rating agencies that the substitution of the Substituted Obligor will not result in a 
downgrading of the then current credit rating of such rating agencies applicable to the class of debt 
represented by the Book-entry Notes;
(f)
Release of Issuer: Not later than fourteen days after the execution of any such documents as 
aforesaid in paragraph (a), the Substituted Obligor shall cause notice thereof to be given to the 
Noteholders; and
(g) 
Completion of substitution: Upon the execution of such documents and compliance with the 
requirements stated in this Condition 16 (Substitution), the Substituted Obligor will be deemed to 
be named in these Terms and Conditions, the Book-entry Notes, Receipts and Coupons as if it had 
been named herein and therein as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute under this Condition 16 (Substitution)) and the Book-entry Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons will be deemed to be amended in such manner as necessary to give effect to the 
substitution and any references in the Book-entry Notes, Receipts and Coupons to the Issuer will 
be references to the Substituted Obligor.
16
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further Book-entry Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Book-entry Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the 
Book-entry Notes.
17
Notices
Notices to the Noteholders will be published in the official bulletin of AIAF (Boletín Diario de AIAF 
Mercado de Renta Fija) and, where applicable, through the filing by the Issuer of a price-sensitive 
information notice (comunicación de informacion relevante o privilegiada) with the CNMV. If the Book-
entry Notes are also listed in other European regulated market, notices to Noteholders will be published in 
accordance with the requirements of such regulated market. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication. In addition, all notices to Noteholders shall also be made through 
Iberclear to their respective accountholders.
18
Currency Indemnity
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Book-entry Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Book-entry Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of 
such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for 
such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the 
rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the 
first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, 
of any such order, judgment, claim or proof.
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action.
19
Rounding
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole

--- Page 91 ---
10203988118-v4
- 91 -
66-41016515
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards.
20
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing law: The formalities relating to the issue of the Book-entry Notes, their legal nature 
(obligaciones), the status of the Book-entry Notes and the status of the Guarantee of the Book-
entry Notes (Condition 4 (Status of the Book-entry Notes and Guarantee)), the capacity of the 
Issuer and of the Guarantors, the relevant corporate resolutions and all non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with any of the above shall be governed by Spanish law. Subject as 
provided above, the terms and conditions of the Book-entry Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
and the Deed of Covenant and all non-contractual obligations arising from or in connection with 
the Book-entry Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons, Fiscal Agency Agreement and Deed of 
Covenant are governed by English law. 
(b)
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising from 
or connected with the Book-entry Notes, Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons (including a dispute 
relating to the existence, validity or termination of the Book-entry Notes, Receipts, Coupons and/or 
Talons or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Book-entry Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons) or the consequences of their nullity (a "Dispute").
(c)
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary.
(d)
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London 
EC2V 7EX or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in 
Great Britain at which process may be served on it. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively 
appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written 
demand of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, 
failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person 
by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to 
Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 92 ---
10203988118-v4
- 92 -
66-41016515
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BEARER NOTES
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Bearer Notes, to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part 
of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II.   Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565  as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 , where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014  as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules")  is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets

--- Page 93 ---
10203988118-v4
- 93 -
66-41016515
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]
Final Terms dated [•]
RED ELÉCTRICA FINANCIACIONES, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL
(LEI: 9598006P00EGK6U2SG18)
Issue of [•]
Guaranteed by
[RED ELÉCTRICA CORPORACIÓN, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA]
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain)
[RED ELÉCTRICA DE ESPAÑA, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL]
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain)
under the
EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 11 June 2021 [and supplement(s) to it dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and 
must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus.]
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.]
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [date] Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [17 June 2010]/[17 June 2011]/[6 June 2012]/[6 June 
2013]/[3 June 2014]/[3 June 2015]/[3 June 2016]/[2 June 2017]/[4 June 2018]/[4 June 2019]/[4 June 2020] which 
are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated 11 June 2021. These Final Terms contain the final terms of 
the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [insert date] [and the Prospectus 
Supplement dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus 
dated [17 June 2010]/[17 June 2011]/[6 June 2012]/[6 June 2013]/[3 June 2014]/[3 June 2015]/[3 June 2016]/[2 
June 2017]/[4 June 2018]/[4 June 2019]/[4 June 2020] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation.]
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus 
[and the Prospectus Supplement] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and [at the Issuer's website at www.ree.es] and copies may be obtained from Deutsche 
Bank Luxembourg, S.A. at 2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, L-1115 Luxembourg.

--- Page 94 ---
10203988118-v4
- 94 -
66-41016515
1.
[(i)
Series Number:]
[    ]
[(ii)
Tranche Number:]
[    ]
[(iii)
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [ ] on [[ ]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 21 below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [ ]].]
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[    ]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[    ]
[(i)]
Series:
[    ]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[    ]]
4.
Issue Price:
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date (if applicable)]]
5.
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[    ] 
(Minimum denominations of EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent if denominated in another currency) 
required when Notes are admitted to trading on a  
regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of 
the Economic Area in circumstances which require 
the publication of a base prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation)
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[    ]
6.
(i)
Issue Date:
[    ]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[[    ]/Issue Date]
7.
Maturity Date:
[    ]
8.
Interest Basis:
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[ ] month [EURIBOR]/[SONIA]/[Specify other]] 
+/– [ ] per cent. Floating Rate]

--- Page 95 ---
10203988118-v4
- 95 -
66-41016515
9.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [[  ]/[100]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. 
(N.B. Redemption amount cannot be less than 100 
per cent.)
10.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraph 14 below and 
identify there]/[Not Applicable]
11.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor 
Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Substantial Purchase Event]
[Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option] 
[Not Applicable][See paragraph [15/16/17/18] 
below]
12.
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes [and Guarantee] [respectively]] 
obtained:
[    ] [and [    ], respectively]/[Not Applicable]
[(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
i.
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
ii.
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s):
[ 
 
 
 
] 
in 
each 
year
iii.
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]:
[    ] per Calculation Amount
iv.
Broken Amount(s):
[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]/[Not Applicable]
v.
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)]
vi.
[Determination 
Dates:
[   ] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.  N.B.

--- Page 96 ---
10203988118-v4
- 96 -
66-41016515
Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))]
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
i.
Specified Period:
[    ]/[Not Applicable]
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable")
ii.
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates:
[    ]/[Not Applicable]
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable")
iii.
[First Interest Payment Date]:
[ ]
iv.
Business Day Convention:
[FRN 
Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Business Day 
Convention Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
No Adjustment]
v.
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s):
[    ]/[Not Applicable]
vi.
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
vii.
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s):
[[ ] shall be the Calculation Agent]
[For an issue of Floating Rate Notes, the Calculation 
Agent cannot be Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as Fiscal Agent]

--- Page 97 ---
10203988118-v4
- 97 -
66-41016515
viii.
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
•           Reference Rate:
[[    ] month [EURIBOR]/[SONIA]]
•
Interest Determination 
Date(s):
[    ]
•          "p":
[    ]
•
Relevant Screen Page:
[For example, EURIBOR 01]
•
Relevant Time:
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time]
•
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:
[For example, London/Euro zone (where Euro zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the euro)]
ix.
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
•
Floating Rate Option:
[    ]
•
Designated Maturity:
[    ]
•
Reset Date:
[    ]
•
[ISDA Definitions:
[2006]]
• 
 
[ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]]
x.
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable / Applicable] – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]]
xi.
Margin(s):
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum
xii.
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[[    ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
xiii.
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[[    ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
xiv.
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]

--- Page 98 ---
10203988118-v4
- 98 -
66-41016515
[Actual 
365 
(Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360]
[30E/360]
[Eurobond 
Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
15.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
i.
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[    ]
ii.
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note:
[    ] per Calculation Amount of each Note/ [Make-
Whole Amount]
iii.
Make-Whole Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Reference Note:
[[ ]/Not Applicable]
(b) Redemption Margin:
[ ]
(c)
Financial Adviser:
[ ]
(d) Quotation Time:
[ ]
(e)
Discount Rate:
[[ ]/Not Applicable]
(f)
Make-whole 
Exemption 
Period:
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [ ] to (but
excluding) [ ]/the Maturity Date]
iv.
If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 99 ---
10203988118-v4
- 99 -
66-41016515
v.
Notice period:
[    ] days/[Not Applicable]
16.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
i.
Optional Redemption 
Date(s):
[    ]
ii.
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[    ] per Calculation Amount
iii.
Notice period:
[    ] days/[Not Applicable]
17.
Substantial Purchase Event
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
18.
Residual Maturity Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
19.
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note
[    ] / [Par] per Calculation Amount
20.
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption:
[[ ] / [Par] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
21.
Form of Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes]
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]

--- Page 100 ---
10203988118-v4
- 100 -
66-41016515
22.
New Global Note:
[Yes] [No]
23.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable]/[    ]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub paragraph 15(v) relates)
24.
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature):
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made.]
25.
[Temporary Commissioner:]
[Insert name of temporary commissioner in case of 
fungible issuances, if applicable, otherwise delete]

--- Page 101 ---
10203988118-v4
- 101 -
66-41016515
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).  [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the 
Guarantor(s)] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal:
By:
............................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of the Red Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad Anónima:
By:
.............................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of the Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal:
By:
............................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 102 ---
10203988118-v4
- 102 -
66-41016515
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING
(i)
Listing:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[  ].]  [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.] 
(ii) 
Admission to Trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
with effect from [  ].]  [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on [   ] with effect from [    ].]  
(iii)
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading:
[    ]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [have not been/are not 
expected to be rated]]/ [The Notes to be issued 
[have been/are expected to be rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes 
of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]]:
[S & P: [ ]]
[Moody's: [ ]]
[Fitch: [ ]]
[[Other]: [ ]]
[The meaning of such ratings is [insert 
description]]
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation").  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to

--- Page 103 ---
10203988118-v4
- 103 -
66-41016515
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation ").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).]
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority].  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "CRA Regulation 
(UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "CRA Regulation 
(UK)").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "CRA Regulation 
(UK)") and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established

--- Page 104 ---
10203988118-v4
- 104 -
66-41016515
in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (UK).]
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.]
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on [FCA].  [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU)

--- Page 105 ---
10203988118-v4
- 105 -
66-41016515
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation.]
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to 
the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation")].
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation"].
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation."

--- Page 106 ---
10203988118-v4
- 106 -
66-41016515
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the statement below.)
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor(s)] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests)]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[ 
]
5.
Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA] rates can be obtained from [[Reuters]/[Not 
Applicable]]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[ 
]
Common Code:
[ 
]
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s):
[ ]

--- Page 107 ---
10203988118-v4
- 107 -
66-41016515
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[ ]
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes][No][Not Applicable]
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated:
(A)
Names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(B)
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) if any:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iv)
US Selling Restrictions
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]
8.
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS
Use of proceeds:  
[  ] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base 
Prospectus/Green Notes]

--- Page 108 ---
10203988118-v4
- 108 -
66-41016515
Estimated net proceeds:
[ ]
9.
BENCHMARK REGULATION
Relevant Benchmark[s]:
[[EURIBOR/SONIA] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation]/ 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 109 ---
10203988118-v4
- 109 -
66-41016515
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BOOK-ENTRY NOTES
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Book-entry Notes, to reflect 
the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section Appearing in italics does not form 
part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II.   Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565  as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 , where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014  as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] . Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules")  is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets

--- Page 110 ---
10203988118-v4
- 110 -
66-41016515
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]
Final Terms dated [•]
RED ELÉCTRICA FINANCIACIONES, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL
(LEI: 9598006P00EGK6U2SG18)
Issue of [•]
Guaranteed by
[RED ELÉCTRICA CORPORACIÓN, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA]
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain)
[RED ELÉCTRICA DE ESPAÑA, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL]
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain)
under the
EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions of the Book-entry 
Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 11 June 2021 [and supplement(s) to it dated [•]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain 
the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus.]
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus 
[and the Prospectus Supplement] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and [at the Issuer's website at www.ree.es] and copies may be obtained from Deutsche 
Bank Luxembourg, S.A. at 2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, L-1115 Luxembourg.
1.
[(i)
Series Number:]
[    ]
[(ii)
Tranche Number:]
[    ]
[(iii)
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [ ] on [ ]/the Issue Date.]

--- Page 111 ---
10203988118-v4
- 111 -
66-41016515
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[    ]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[    ]
[(i)]
Series:
[    ]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[    ]]
4.
Issue Price:
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date (if applicable)]]
5.
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[    ] 
(Minimum denominations of EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent if denominated in another currency) 
required when Notes are admitted to trading on a  
regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of 
the Economic Area in circumstances which require 
the publication of a base prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation)
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[    ]
6.
(i)
Issue Date:
[    ]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[[    ]/Issue Date]
7.
Maturity Date:
[    ]
8.
Interest Basis:
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[ ] month [EURIBOR]/[SONIA]/[Specify other]] 
+/– [ ] per cent. Floating Rate]
9.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [[  ]/[100]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. 
(N.B. Redemption amount cannot be less than 100 
per cent.)
10.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraph 14 below and 
identify there]/[Not Applicable]
11.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor 
Put]
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 112 ---
10203988118-v4
- 112 -
66-41016515
[Substantial Purchase Event]
[Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option] 
[Not Applicable][See paragraph [15/16/17/18] 
below]
12.
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes [and Guarantee] [respectively]] 
obtained:
[    ] [and [    ], respectively]/[Not Applicable]
[(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
vii.
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
viii.
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s):
[ 
 
 
 
] 
in 
each 
year
ix.
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]:
[    ] per Calculation Amount
x.
Broken Amount(s):
[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]/[Not Applicable]
xi.
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)]
xii.
[Determination 
Dates:
[   ] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.  N.B. 
Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))]
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
xv.
Specified Period:
[    ]/[Not Applicable]
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or

--- Page 113 ---
10203988118-v4
- 113 -
66-41016515
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable")
xvi.
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates:
[    ]/[Not Applicable]
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable")
xvii.
[First Interest Payment Date]:
[ ]
xviii.
Business Day Convention:
[FRN 
Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Business Day 
Convention Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
No Adjustment]
xix.
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s):
[    ]/[Not Applicable]
xx.
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
xxi.
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s):
[[ ] shall be the Calculation Agent]
[For an issue of Floating Rate Notes, the Calculation 
Agent cannot be Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as Fiscal Agent]
xxii.
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
•           Reference Rate:
[[    ] month [EURIBOR]/[SONIA]]
•
Interest Determination 
Date(s):
[    ]
•          "p":
[    ]
•
Relevant Screen Page:
[For example, EURIBOR 01]

--- Page 114 ---
10203988118-v4
- 114 -
66-41016515
•
Relevant Time:
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time]
•
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:
[For example, London/Euro zone (where Euro zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the euro)]
xxiii.
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
•
Floating Rate Option:
[    ]
•
Designated Maturity:
[    ]
•
Reset Date:
[    ]
•
[ISDA Definitions:
[2006]]
• 
 
[ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]]
xxiv.
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable / Applicable] – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]]
xxv.
Margin(s):
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum
xxvi.
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[[    ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
xxvii.
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[[    ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
xxviii.
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]
[Actual 
365 
(Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360]
[30E/360]
[Eurobond 
Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 115 ---
10203988118-v4
- 115 -
66-41016515
15.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
vi.
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[    ]
vii.
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note:
[    ] per Calculation Amount of each Note/ [Make-
Whole Amount]
viii.
Make-Whole Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(g) Reference Note:
[[ ]/Not Applicable]
(h) Redemption Margin:
[ ]
(i)
Financial Adviser:
[ ]
(j)
Quotation Time:
[ ]
(k) Discount Rate:
[[ ]/Not Applicable]
(l)
Make-whole 
Exemption 
Period:
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [ ] to (but
excluding) [ ]/the Maturity Date]
ix.
If redeemable in part:
(c)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]
(d)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]
x.
Notice period:
[    ] days/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 116 ---
10203988118-v4
- 116 -
66-41016515
16.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
iv.
Optional Redemption 
Date(s):
[    ]
v.
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[    ] per Calculation Amount
vi.
Notice period:
[    ] days/[Not Applicable]
17.
Substantial Purchase Event
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
18.
Residual Maturity Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
19.
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note
[    ] / [Par] per Calculation Amount
20.
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption:
[[ ] / [Par] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
21.
Form of Notes:
Book-entry notes (anotaciones en cuenta)
22.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable]/[    ]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub paragraph 15(v) relates)
23.
[Temporary Commissioner:]
[Insert name of temporary commissioner in case of 
fungible issuances, if applicable, otherwise delete]

--- Page 117 ---
10203988118-v4
- 117 -
66-41016515
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).  [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the 
Guarantor(s)] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal:
By:
............................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of the Red Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad Anónima:
By:
.............................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of the Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal:
By:
............................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 118 ---
10203988118-v4
- 118 -
66-41016515
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
10. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING
(i)
Listing:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on [AIAF]] 
(iiii)
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading:
[    ]
11. RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [have not been/are not 
expected to be rated]]/ [The Notes to be issued 
[have been/are expected to be rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes 
of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]]:
[S & P: [ ]]
[Moody's: [ ]]
[Fitch: [ ]]
[[Other]: [ ]]
[The meaning of such ratings is [insert 
description]]
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation").  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union

--- Page 119 ---
10203988118-v4
- 119 -
66-41016515
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation ").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).]
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority].  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "CRA Regulation 
(UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "CRA Regulation 
(UK)").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "CRA Regulation 
(UK)") and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (UK).]
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the

--- Page 120 ---
10203988118-v4
- 120 -
66-41016515
latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.]
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on [FCA].  [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 121 ---
10203988118-v4
- 121 -
66-41016515
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to 
the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation")].
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation"].
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation."

--- Page 122 ---
10203988118-v4
- 122 -
66-41016515
12. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the statement below.)
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor(s)] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests)]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
13. Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[ 
]
14. Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA] rates can be obtained from [[Reuters]/ [•] / [Not 
Applicable]]
15. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[ 
]
Common Code:
[ 
]
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Iberclear and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s):
[ ]
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[ ]
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes][No][Not Applicable]
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited

--- Page 123 ---
10203988118-v4
- 123 -
66-41016515
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]
16. DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated:
(A)
Names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(B)
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) if any:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iv)
US Selling Restrictions
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]
17. USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS
Use of proceeds:  
[  ] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base 
Prospectus/Green Notes]
Estimated net proceeds:
[ ]
18. BENCHMARK REGULATION

--- Page 124 ---
10203988118-v4
- 124 -
66-41016515
Relevant Benchmark[s]:
[[EURIBOR/SONIA] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation]/ 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 125 ---
10203988118-v4
- 125 -
66-41016515
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE BEARER NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
Clearing System Accountholders
In respect of the Bearer Notes, each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche 
of Notes represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are 
references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary 
or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper.
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must look solely to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer or the Guarantors to the bearer of such Global 
Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in 
which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time 
to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim 
directly against the Issuer or the Guarantors in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of 
the Issuer and the Guarantors will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note.
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure:
(a) in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note; 
or
(b) in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global Note 
in accordance with its terms,
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.
If:
(i)
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; 
or
(ii)
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or
(c) a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not

--- Page 126 ---
10203988118-v4
- 126 -
66-41016515
been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Note on the due date for payment,
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the 
case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under a deed of covenant dated 11 June 2021 (the "Deed of 
Covenant") executed by the Issuer). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been 
entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive 
Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
If:
(a) Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer of 
a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; 
or
(b) a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for 
payment,
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant. Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Note 
will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.
Conditions applicable to Global Notes
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply to 
the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an 
NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Payment Business Day : In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is euro, any day which 
is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if

--- Page 127 ---
10203988118-v4
- 127 -
66-41016515
any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre.
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8(e) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise 
to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. 
Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn.
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the 
Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at 
their discretion).
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the 
Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common 
safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
such notices shall be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 128 ---
10203988118-v4
- 128 -
66-41016515
SUMMARY OF CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES APPLICABLE TO 
BOOK–ENTRY NOTES 
Below is a brief summary of the Spanish clearance and settlement procedures applicable to book-entry securities 
admitted to trading on AIAF such as the Book-entry Notes.
The Spanish clearing, settlement and recording system of securities transactions allows the connection of the post-
trading Spanish systems to the European system TARGET2 Securities.
Iberclear 
Iberclear is the Spanish central securities depository in charge of both the register of securities held in book-entry 
form, and the settlement of all the trades from AIAF. To achieve this, Iberclear uses the technical platform named 
ARCO.
Iberclear is owned by Bolsas y Mercados Españoles, Sociedad Holding de Mercados y Sistemas Financieros, 
S.A., a holding company, which fully owns each of the Spanish official secondary markets and settlement systems. 
The corporate address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad 1, 28014, Madrid, Spain.  
Iberclear Securities Registration System
The securities recording system of Iberclear is a two tier level registry: the keeping of the central record 
corresponds to Iberclear and the keeping of the detail records correspond to the participating entities (entidades 
participantes) in Iberclear. 
Access to become a participating entity is restricted to (i) credit institutions, (ii) investment services companies 
which are authorised to render custody and administration of financial instruments, (iii) the Bank of Spain, (iv) 
the Spanish Public Administration and the Spanish General Treasury of the Social Security, (v) other duly 
authorised central securities depositories and central clearing counterparties and (vi) other public institutions and 
private entities when expressly authorised to become a participating entity in central securities depositories.
The central registry managed by Iberclear reflects (i) one or several proprietary accounts which show the balances 
of the participating entities’ proprietary accounts; (ii) one or several general third-party accounts that will show 
the overall balances that the participating entities hold for third parties; (iii) individual accounts opened in the 
name of the owner, either individual or legal person; and (iv) individual special accounts of financial 
intermediaries which use the optional procedure of settlement of orders. Each participating entity, in turn, 
maintains the detail records of the owners of the securities or the shares held in their general third-party accounts.
According to the above, Spanish law considers the owner of the securities to be:
(i)
the participating entity appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding the relevant securities in its own 
name;
(ii)
the investor appearing in the records of the participating entity as holding the securities; or
(iii)
the investor appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding securities in a segregated individual account.
The settlement and book-entry registration platform managed by Iberclear, which operates under the trade name 
of ARCO, receives the settlement instructions from BME Clearing, the central clearing counterparty of the 
Spanish clearance and settlement procedures, and forwards them to the relevant participating entities involved in 
each transaction. ARCO operates under a T+2 settlement standard, by which any transactions must be settled 
within two business days following the date on which the transaction was completed.
To evidence title to securities, at the owner’s request the relevant participating entity must issue a legitimation 
certificate (certificado de legitimación). If the owner is a participating entity or a person holding securities in a 
segregated individual account, Iberclear is in charge of the issuance of the certificate regarding the securities held 
in their name.

--- Page 129 ---
10203988118-v4
- 129 -
66-41016515
Iberclear Settlement of securities traded on the AIAF
Iberclear and the participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear have the function of keeping the book-
entry register of securities traded on the AIAF.
Securities traded on the AIAF are fixed income securities, including corporate bonds (for example, medium term 
notes and mortgage bonds) and bonds issued by the Kingdom of Spain and Spanish regions, represented in a 
dematerialised form.
In the AIAF settlement system, transactions may be settled spot, forward (settlement date more than five days 
after the relevant trade date), with a repurchase agreement on a fixed date and double or simultaneous transactions 
(two trades in opposite directions with different settlement dates).
The settlement system used for securities admitted for trading on the AIAF is the Model 1 delivery versus payment 
system, as per the classification of the Bank for International Settlements: that is, it is a "transaction-to-
transaction" cash and securities settlement system with simultaneity in its finality.
Transactions are settled on the stock-exchange business day agreed by participants at the moment of the trade.
Euroclear and Clearstream
Investors who do not have, directly or indirectly through their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear 
may hold their investment in the Notes through bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg with participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear.

--- Page 130 ---
10203988118-v4
- 130 -
66-41016515
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
Information about the Issuer
The corporate name of the Issuer is "Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal".
The Issuer is registered with the Mercantile Registry (Registro Mercantil) of Madrid, Spain, under Volume 26. 
804, Folio 133, Section 8, Page M-483031, 1st registration entry. The Issuer holds Tax Identification Code number 
A-85724052. The Issuer was incorporated for an indefinite time before Madrid Notary Public Mr. Manuel 
Rodriguez Marin on 17 June 2009 and operates under Spanish law.
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Red Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and was incorporated 
as a limited liability corporation (sociedad anónima) owned by one single shareholder (unipersonal), in 
accordance with Spanish law under Royal Legislative Decree 1564/1989, of 22 December 1989, approving the 
Spanish Corporations Law (Ley de Sociedades Anónimas), -abrogated by the Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010 of 
2 July, which approves the Consolidated Text of Spanish Limited Liability Companies' Law (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital).
The Issuer's registered offices are located at Paseo del Conde de los Gaitanes, 177, 28109 Alcobendas, Madrid, 
Spain, and its telephone number is + 34 91 6502012.
The Issuer's share capital as at 31 December 2020  is €60,200 divided into six hundred and two (602) standard 
shares, each having a par value of one hundred euro (€100), numbered consecutively from no. 1 to no. 602 
inclusive, all of which are issued and fully paid-up.
No recent events relating to the Issuer exist which are important for evaluating its solvency.
Business Overview
The Issuer's exclusive corporate purpose is the issuance of debt instruments, either ordinary or unsubordinated, 
guaranteed by the Guarantors. This purpose shall be implemented subject to compliance with applicable legal 
requirements in force at the relevant time.
Management and Supervisory Bodies
As at the approval date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer are as follows:                    
Name of Director
Position on Board
Tomás José Gallego Arjiz
Joint director
Fernando Frías Montejo
Joint director
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is Paseo Conde de los Gaitanes, 177, 28109 
Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain.
Tomás José Gallego also acts as Manager of the Finance Area of Red Eléctrica Group and Fernando Frías Montejo 
is General Vice-Counsel and Non-Director Vice Secretary of the Board of Directors of Red Eléctrica Corporación, 
S.A.
To the best of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' knowledge, as at the date of this Base Prospectus there are no 
potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the persons identified above to the Issuer and their private 
interests and/or other duties in accordance with the Spanish law. 
Financial Information concerning the Issuer's Assets and Liabilities
Financial position
The Issuer was incorporated on 17 June 2009 with no financial activity prior to this date. The audited non-
consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 131 ---
10203988118-v4
- 131 -
66-41016515
DESCRIPTION OF RED ELÉCTRICA CORPORACIÓN, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA AND ITS 
CONSOLIDATED GROUP
Introduction
Red Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad Anónima ("Red Eléctrica Corporación") is registered with the Mercantile 
Registry (Registro Mercantil) of Madrid, Spain, under Volume 214, Book 191, Sheet 38, Section 3, Page 62853, 
1st registration entry and operates under Spanish Law. Red Eléctrica Corporación holds Tax Identification Code 
number A-78003662 and Legal Entity Identifier number 5493009HMD0C90GUV498. Red Eléctrica Corporación 
was incorporated for an indefinite time as a limited liability corporation (sociedad anónima), its registered office 
is at Paseo Conde de los Gaitanes, 177, 28109 Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain, and its telephone number is + 34 91 
650 20 12.
As parent company of the Red Eléctrica Group (described below), Red Eléctrica Corporación is listed on the 
Spanish stock market (Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock Exchanges) and it is included in the Ibex 
35 selective index. The Spanish state industrial holding company, Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales 
("SEPI"), is the main shareholder of Red Eléctrica Corporación, with a 20 per cent stake as at 31 December 2020.
Red Eléctrica Corporación's share capital as at 31 December 2020 is EUR270,540,000. 
Red Eléctrica Group's website is www.ree.es. For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus.
No recent events relating to Red Eléctrica Corporación that are important for evaluating its solvency have occurred.
Business Overview
Red Eléctrica Corporación's corporate purpose is: 
1.
to hold, pursuant to the legislation in force from time to time, the capital stock of the company to which 
the functions of system operator and electricity transmission network manager and electricity transmitter 
correspond, pursuant to the provisions of Law 54/1997 of 27 November, on the Electricity Industry 
("Law 54/1997");
2.
the management of its business group, constituting the holdings in the capital stock of the companies 
comprising it;
3.
the research, study and plan investment and corporate organization projects, as well as to promote, create 
and develop industrial, commercial or services enterprises; to research, develop and operate 
communications, information technologies and other new technologies in all respects; to provide 
assistance or support services to investees, for which purpose it may provide to those companies such 
guarantees and deposits as may be appropriate;
4.
the design, development, implementation and operation of services relating to the corporate information, 
management and organization specific to its activity; and
5.
all activities that are necessary for or enable its fulfilment, provided that they comply with the law. 
Background
Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima ("Red Eléctrica S.A.U. ") was established for an indefinite time on 
29 January 1985, under Law 49/1984, of 26 December 1984. At the time, Red Eléctrica S.A.U. was the first 
company in the world exclusively dedicated to the transmission of electrical energy and the operation of electricity 
systems.
Law 54/1997 introduced free competition in parts of the electricity sector. This law granted Red Eléctrica de 
España the functions of system operator, transmission grid manager, and principal carrier of the electricity system 
of Spain.
Law 17/2007 came into force on 6 July 2007 and modified the Electrical Sector Law in accordance with European 
regulations ("Law 17/2007"). Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s role as operator and manager of the transmission grid was

--- Page 132 ---
10203988118-v4
- 132 -
66-41016515
confirmed by granting it the function of sole transmission and system operator in Spain. This completed the 
consolidation of its position as Spanish Transmission System Operator ("TSO").
Law 17/2007 introduced various corporate changes in Red Eléctrica S.A.U., including changes to its company 
articles of association and a restructuring of the company.
Red Eléctrica S.A.U.’s organisational structure was transformed into a holding structure to establish transparency 
and clear division between different regulated activities in Spain, such as the electricity system's transmission and 
operation.
In order to comply with Law 17/2007's requirements, on 1 July 2008, Red Eléctrica de España changed its name 
to Red Eléctrica Corporación, Sociedad Anónima, transferring all aspects of the business dealing with the 
regulated activities carried out in Spain onto Red Eléctrica S.A.U. The corporate head offices and properties not 
involved in the regulated activities, and any shareholdings in other entities not transferred to Red Eléctrica S.A.U. 
remain under the parent company, Red Eléctrica Corporación, S.A., owner of 100 per cent. of Red Eléctrica 
S.A.U.'s share capital.
Law 54/1997 was substituted by Law 24/2013 of 26 December, 2013, relating to the electricity sector ("Law 
24/2013"), which maintains Red Eléctrica's appointment as the sole transmission carrier, system operator and 
transmission grid manager. Law 24/2013 also maintains, given the non-derogation of the twenty-third additional 
disposition of Law 54/1997, Red Eléctrica Corporación's current corporate name and structure.
The Red Eléctrica Group
As of date of this Base Prospectus, the simplified corporate structure of Red Eléctrica Corporación Group is as 
follows (the "Red Eléctrica Group"):
 
Under Law 24/2013, all of the provisions relating to the system operator and transmission network manager apply 
to Red Eléctrica S.A.U. and Red Eléctrica Corporación, may not transfer its shares in Red Eléctrica S.A.U. to 
third parties as it carries out regulated activities.
Business
The Red Eléctrica Group conducts its business and operations across three main divisions: (i) Management of 
electric infrastructure in Spain as Transmission System Operator (TSO); (ii) Management of electric infrastructure 
in International Business; and (iii) Telecommunications Business.
(i)
Management of electric infrastructure in Spain as Transmission System Operator (TSO)
The Red Eléctrica Group's principal activity is electricity transmission, system operation and 
management of the transmission network for the Spanish electricity system. These regulated activities 
Negocio de telecomunicaciones
Negocio internacional
                   REDESUR (Perú)
TESUR    (100%)
 
TESUR 2 (100%)
TESUR 3 (100%)
TESUR 4 (100%)
Red 
Eléctrica 
Andina - REA 
(Perú)     
                       Red Eléctrica Chile
TEN (50%)
REDENOR (70%)
REDENOR 2 (100%)
Construcción de interconexiones 
Internacionales España-Francia
50 %
                 100 %
100 %
100 %
Transporte y operación del 
sistema eléctrico
100 %
REDELNOR
     CCNCM (100%)
89,68 %
                           Red Eléctrica Brasil
ARGO ENERGIA (50%)
ARGO I (50%)
ARGO II (50%)
ARGO III (50%)
Almacenamiento 
energético en Canarias
100 %
Innovación,
Financiación y 
reaseguramiento
100 %

--- Page 133 ---
10203988118-v4
- 133 -
66-41016515
are carried out through Red Eléctrica S.A.U. as TSO of the Spanish electricity system and they are 
described below in a specific section "Management of electric infrastructure in Spain".
In accordance with Law 24/2013, high voltage transmission of electricity consists in transmitting 
electricity and in constructing, maintaining and managing the facilities necessary to do so. The Red 
Eléctrica Group, through Red Eléctrica S.A.U., also operates the electricity systems serving the Spanish 
territory, including the mainland, islands and non-mainland electricity systems, to ensure the continuity 
and security of the electricity system. 
Moreover, in connection with the activity of TSO, the Group is involved in construction of energy storage 
facilities in non-mainland and isolated systems through Red Eléctrica Infraestructuras en Canarias S.A.U. 
("REINCAN"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Red Eléctrica Corporación, incorporated on 17 September 
2015.
In addition, Red Eléctrica S.A.U. owns 50 per cent. of the share capital of Interconexión Eléctrica 
Francia-España, S.A.A. ("INELFE") for development of the connection facilities with France, that will 
increase the electricity exchange capacity between the two countries.
(ii)
Management of electric infrastructure in International Business
The Red Eléctrica Group's international business has been conducted through Red Eléctrica Internacional, 
S.A.U. ("Red Eléctrica Internacional") and international operations have been concentrated mainly in 
Peru and Chile, with a minor presence in Portugal, and have expanded to other markets like Brazil. 
The start-up of operations in Peru, Chile and, more recently, in Brazil is the outcome of an ongoing 
analysis of business opportunities, and meets the Group’s criterion of undertaking investments in 
countries with a favourable economic situation and a stable regulatory framework that ensures an 
appropriate return on the investments.See the section entitled "Investments – International Transmission 
Investments".
(iii)
Telecommunications Business
The Red Eléctrica Group also provides telecommunications services to third parties through Red 
Eléctrica Infraestructuras de Telecomunicación, S.A.U. ("REINTEL"). In 2018, Red Eléctrica 
Corporación incorporated Red Eléctrica Sistemas de Telecomunicaciones, S.A.U. ("RESTEL") whose 
main corporate purpose is the acquisition, holding, management and administration of securities, being 
the most relevant investment the acquisition of the Spanish satellite operator Hispasat at the end of 2019. 
See the section entitled "Investments – Telecommunication Investments" below.
In addition to the above-mentioned business divisions, the Red Eléctrica Group carries out activities 
through its subsidiaries aimed at financing its operations Red Eléctrica de España Finance, S.L., and Red 
Eléctrica Financiaciones, S.A.U., and covers risks by reinsuring its assets and activities, Redcor 
Reaseguros, S.A.
In 2019, Red Eléctrica Corporación incorporated Red Eléctrica y de Telecomunicaciones, Innovación y 
Tecnología ("RETIT") to foster technological innovation.
In 2020, the Red Eléctrica Group generated revenues of EUR1,985.8 million, representing a 1.1 per cent 
decrease compared to the previous year (EUR2,007.2 million in 2019) and achieved a consolidated profit 
for the year of EUR621.2 million, representing a 13.09 per cent decrease compared to the previous year 
(EUR714.8 million in 20192). 
2 Consolidated net profit for financial year 2019 has been restated as a result of the recognition of the Hispasat business 
combination, effective 3 October 2019.

--- Page 134 ---
10203988118-v4
- 134 -
66-41016515
Investments
Investment Plan
In February 2021, the Group approved the 2021-2025 Strategic Plan. The new strategy includes an investment 
plan of approximately.
EUR4,440 million, of which EUR3,350 million will be allocated to the transmission network and storage in Spain, 
promoting the energy transition, EUR225 million will be allocated to international business, EUR735 million will 
be allocated to telecommunications and EUR92 million will be invested in other areas.
Transmission network investments in Spain
Investments on transmission activities will be directed mainly towards improving the security of supply and 
creating a sustainable energy model.
The regulated activities are driven mainly by three lines of action: propelling the energy transition, market 
integration and the sustainability of the electricity system with a major technological component; search for 
efficiency, enabling the Red Eléctrica Group to maintain its position as an international benchmark and; the 
implementation of new regulated activities, such as storage of energy in the island systems as a tool to guarantee 
the security of the isolated non-mainland electricity systems. 
As system operator, Red Eléctrica S.A.U. is required by Law 24/2013 to participate in the development of the 
electricity infrastructure plan, whose aim is to guarantee security of supply in the long term and define the needs 
of the transmission grid under the principles of transparency and cost efficiency.
International Transmission Investments
The international business of the Red Eléctrica Group is developed through Red Eléctrica Internacional, which 
manages international investments in transmission infrastructure and promotes new business opportunities 
internationally. The following table provides a simplified overview of the Group’s management of electric 
infrastructure in international business:
Regarding the activities in Peru, Red Eléctrica Internacional holds a direct 100 per cent. interest in the capital of 
the Peruvian companies Red Eléctrica Andina, S.A.C. ("REA") and Red Eléctrica del Sur, S.A. ("REDESUR"). 
In turn, REDESUR owns 100 per cent. of Transmisora Eléctrica del Sur, S.A. ("TESUR"), Transmisora Eléctrica 
del Sur 2, S.A. ("TESUR2"), Transmisora Eléctrica del Sur 3, S.A. ("TESUR3"), and with the participation of 
Red Eléctrica Internacional, Transmisora Eléctrica del Sur 4, S.A. ("TESUR4"), companies whose principal 
activity is the electricity transmission and the operation and maintenance of electricity transmission networks in 
Peru. 
In June 2018, TESUR 2 initiated the commercial operation phase of the Azangaro-Juliaca-Puno 220 kV 
transmission line for a period of 30 years and in March 2020, the project to expand the Puno substation initiated 
its commercial phase. In March 2020 TESUR3, the holder for the concession for the 220 kV Montalvo – Los 
Héroes transmission line, successfully completed its project and began its commercial operation phase. The

--- Page 135 ---
10203988118-v4
- 135 -
66-41016515
project awarded in 2018 to TESUR4, to design, build, operate and maintain the 220 kV Tintaya - Azángaro line, 
as well as the extension of the Tintaya and Azángaro substations are in the construction period and will come into 
operation in the next few years. 
On 18 July 2019 the Group, through Red Eléctrica del Norte Perú S.A.C. ("REDELNOR"), a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Red Eléctrica Internacional acquired 100 per cent. of the capital of Concesionaria Linea de 
Transmision CCNMC S.A.C ("CCNMC"). The statutory and principal activity of the company consists of 
rendering transmission, operation and maintenance services in Peru through the Carhuaquero - Cajamarca Norte 
- Cáclic - Moyobamba 220 kV power line and the four related substations in northern Peru. These assets have 
been operating since the end of 2017 on the basis of a license for thirty years with the Peruvian State. 
As regards to REA, it continues to provide maintenance services for the concessions of REDESUR, TESUR, 
TESUR2, TESUR3 and CCNMC. In 2020, it also carried out all the tasks for the development and implementation 
of the special projects undertaken by REDESUR, TESUR, TESUR2, TESUR3 and CCNCM. REA also carries 
out installation maintenance and site supervision for other clients.
Regarding the activities in Chile, Red Eléctrica Internacional holds a 100 per cent. interest in the share capital of 
Red Eléctrica Chile SpA ("RE Chile"), incorporated in November 2015 and its main activity is the acquisition, 
possession, administration, direction and management of the shares that the Group maintains in Chile. RE Chile 
in turn, has, 50 per cent. of Transmisora Eléctrica del Norte, S.A. ("TEN"), the other being 50 per cent. of the 
Chilean company, Engie Energia Chile, a subsidiary of Grupo ENGIE. RE Chile also has a 69.9 per cent. stake in 
Red Eléctrica del Norte S.A. ("REDENOR") and 100 per cent. of Red Eléctrica del Norte 2 S.A. ("REDENOR2").
During 2018, TEN operated the first year of service of the Mejillones-Cardones line, with 500 kV and a total 
length of 600 km, which connects the Central Interconnected System (SIC) with the Great Northern 
Interconnected System (SING). In 2020, TEN completed its third year of commercial operations with a high rate 
of availability of the facilities (99.70 per cent.), maintaining the availability achieved in previous years.
On 5 July 2017, RE Chile and Cobra Instalaciones y Servicios S.A., incorporated the company REDENOR. The 
company's purpose is to design, finance, build, operate and maintain various transmission facilities in the Far 
North Interconnected System (Sistema Eléctrico del Norte Grande-SING). In 2017, REDENOR was awarded a 
project for the construction and operation of 258 km of 220 kV lines and a substation in northern Chile, the 
construction of the project began in 2018. In 2020, the first stage of the project has been put into service (substation 
Nuevo Pozo Almonte 220 kV), with 100 per cent. availability at the end of the year. Currently, REDENOR 
continues with the construction of the second phase of the project, this is, the construction of 258 kilometres of 
220 kV lines up to the Pozo Almonte, Cóndores and Parinacota substations.
On 3 July 2018, RE Chile incorporated the company REDENOR2, whose statutory activity is the involvement in 
electricity transmission and transportation activities. In September 2018, REDENOR2 acquired 100 per cent. of 
the corporate capital of Centinela Transmisión, S.A., the company operates a 265 km circuit made up of three 220 
kV lines in Chile's northern Antofagasta Region, and at the end of 2018, the company was absorbed by 
REDENOR2. In 2020, REDENOR2 has continued the commercial exploitation of its facilities and installations, 
with an availability of 99.9 per cent. At the same time, REDENOR2 is also expanding its facilities, as part of the 
Transmission System Expansion Plan ("Plan de Expansión del Sistema de Transmisión"), including the 
construction of the new Centinela 220 kV substation.
As regards the Group’s activity in Brazil, on 25 March 2020, Red Eléctrica Internacional, through Red Eléctrica 
Brasil ("REBR") and the Colombian company Grupo Energía Bogotá S.A. ESP acquired a 50 per cent. Interest 
in the share capital of Brazilian holding company Argo Energía Empreendimentos e Participaçoes S.A. ("Argo 
Energía"), owner of three electric transmission concessions in Brazil for a period of 30 years totalling 1,430 km 
of high voltage circuit (500 kV and 230 kV) and eleven electricity substations. The acquisition and commencement 
of operations of Argo Energía has marked the Group’s penetration of the Brazilian market. 
Telecommunication Investments
The Group’s telecommunications business is addressed by two main business lines, the Optic Fibre Business and 
the Satellite Business.

--- Page 136 ---
10203988118-v4
- 136 -
66-41016515
Within the framework of its Optic Fibre Business, the Group provides telecommunications services to third parties 
through Red Eléctrica Infraestructuras de Telecomunicación, S.A.U. ("REINTEL"), primarily by leasing dark 
backbone fibre, both from electric power transmission infrastructure and railway networks. 
REINTEL also provides maintenance services for fibre optic cables and telecommunications equipment. The 
company currently operates a fibre-optic network of more than 50,600 km of cables deployed on the electricity 
transmission network and the railway network, ensuring transparent access and equal conditions to customers and 
agents of the telecommunications sector. The company is the successful tenderer for a period of 20 years ending 
in 2034 for the right of use and operation of the fibre optic network, not dedicated to the railway business and 
other associated elements, owned by Adif - High Speed. 
With regard to the Group’s Satellite Business, on 27 February 2018 Red Eléctrica Corporación, as sole shareholder, 
incorporated Red Eléctrica Sistemas de Telecomunicaciones, S.A.U. ("RESTEL") whose main corporate purpose 
is the acquisition, holding, management and administration of securities. On 3 October 2019, once the conditions 
precedent for the contract signed on 12 February 2019 had been met, RESTEL acquired 89.68 per cent. of Abertis’ 
stake in Hispasat, S.A. ("Hispasat"). 
Its main activity is the leasing of space capacity and the provision of managed broadband services through the 
operation and commercial exploitation of its fleet of satellites in orbit and the associated ground segment. These 
activities are carried out through the parent company of the subgroup, Hispasat, which operates and 
commercialises the subgroup's satellites not located in orbital positions in Brazil, and through the companies 
Hispasat Canarias, S.L.U., Hispamar Satélites, S.A., Hispamar Exterior, S.L.U., and Hispasat México, S.A. de 
C.V., which jointly operate and commercialise the satellites located in Brazilian orbital positions, and satellites 
located in Brazilian-owned orbital positions. Hispasat's corporate structure is as follows:
In light of the situation created by the COVID-19 pandemic and the current state of the telecommunications sector, 
the Strategic Plan for the 2021-2025 period aims at the objective of repositioning Hispasat from an infrastructure 
operator to a satellite services operator. 
Management
The members of the Board of Directors of Red Eléctrica Corporación and their positions, as at the approval date 
of this Base Prospectus, are as follows:
Name of Director
Position on Board
Beatriz Corredor Sierra
Chairperson
Roberto García Merino
Chief Executive Officer
EXTERIOR
ARGENTINA
(MATRIZ)
CANARIAS
BRASIL
MÉXICO
ARGENTINA (sucursal)
COLOMBIA 
100%
43%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
68.52%
12.44%

--- Page 137 ---
10203988118-v4
- 137 -
66-41016515
Name of Director
Position on Board
Mercedes Real Rodrigálvarez*
Member - Nominee (SEPI)
Ricardo García Herrera
Member - Nominee (SEPI)
María Teresa Costa Campi
Member - Nominee (SEPI)
Carmen Gómez de Barreda Tous de Monsalve
Member - Independent
María José García Beato
Member - Independent
Socorro Fernández Larrea
Member - Independent
Antonio Gómez Ciria
Member - Independent
Arsenio Fernández de Mesa y Díaz del Río
Member - Independent
Alberto Francisco Carbajo Josa
Member - Independent
José Juan Ruiz Gómez
Member - Independent
The above table lists all officers and there are no additional executive officers in Red Eléctrica Corporación, S.A.
* Mercedes Real Rodrigálvarez also acts as director of the division of investee companies - energy of the SEPI.
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is Paseo Conde de los Gaitanes, 177, 28109 
Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain. To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer and the Guarantors, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the persons identified above 
to Red Eléctrica Corporación and their private interests or other duties in accordance with the Spanish law.
The directors of Red Eléctrica Corporación have no principal activities performed by them outside Red Eléctrica 
Corporación where these are significant with respect to Red Eléctrica Corporación.
Red Eléctrica Corporación's Credit Rating
The following table contains the credit ratings that Red Eléctrica Corporación has currently assigned for the long 
and short term by the credit ratings agencies Fitch Ratings España, S.A.U. and S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited. 
Rating Agency
Long-term
Short-term
Outlook
Latest date of 
review of rating
Fitch Ratings España, S.A.U.
A-
F1
Stable
31 March 2021
S&P 
A-
A-2
Stable
15 March 2021
Each of Fitch Ratings España, S.A.U. and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the European 
Union and are registered under the CRA Regulation.
Recent developments
The Issuer issued notes under its 2020 EMTN Programme for an amount of EUR600 million on the Euromarket, 
maturing in twelve years and with issue date on 24 May 2021. The notes were issued with an annual coupon of

--- Page 138 ---
10203988118-v4
- 138 -
66-41016515
0.5% and an issue price of 98.559%, representing a yield of 0.625%. The proceeds of such issuance will be used 
to finance and/or refinance eligible green projects within the Green Framework of Red Eléctrica S.A.U

--- Page 139 ---
10203988118-v4
- 139 -
66-41016515
DESCRIPTION OF RED ELÉCTRICA DE ESPAÑA, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL
Introduction
Red Eléctrica S.A.U. is a ("Red Eléctrica S.A.U.") wholly-owned subsidiary of Red Eléctrica Corporación. Red 
Eléctrica S.A.U. is registered with the Mercantile Registry (Registro Mercantil) of Madrid, Spain, under Volume 
25.097, Folio 195, Section 8, Page M-452031, 4th registration entry and operates under Spanish Law. Red 
Eléctrica S.A.U. holds Tax Identification Code number A-85309219. Red Eléctrica S.A.U. was incorporated for 
an indefinite time on 1 July 2008, its registered office is at Paseo Conde de los Gaitanes, 177, 28109 Alcobendas, 
Madrid, Spain, and its telephone number is + 34 91 6502012.
Management of electric infrastructure in Spain
The main activity of the Group comprises electricity transmission, system operation and management of the 
transmission network for the Spanish Electricity System, carried out through Red Eléctrica de España, S.A.U. 
The administration body of Red Eléctrica S.A.U. is formed by a sole administrator and this position is carried out 
by its parent company, Red Eléctrica Corporación, S.A.
Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s main business activities are as follows:
Transmission
Red Eléctrica S.A.U. owns the majority of the Spanish transmission network, consisting of over 44,000 km of 
high voltage lines, over 6,000 substation bays, and over 93,000 MVA (megavolt amps) of transformation capacity.
As mentioned above, the TSO model was legally ratified with the entry into force of Law 17/2007. This law 
established the existence of a sole transmission company and assigned said function, together with those of system 
operator and transmission network manager, to Red Eléctrica S.A.U, and was confirmed by new Law 24/2013.
In order to develop and maintain the transmission network, Red Eléctrica S.A.U. carries out the following 
activities:
(1)
Planning: Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s work consists of identifying future network development needs to 
improve the network. In this respect, it carries out the corresponding demand and supply forecast analyses 
and technical studies on the suitability of the transmission network.
(2)
Development: Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s investments are targeted towards the structural reinforcement and 
development of the transmission network, to improve the meshing of the transmission grid, integrating, 
and improving the transmission assets in the Balearic and Canary Islands and strengthening international 
interconnections. Propelling the energy transition, market integration and the sustainability of the 
electricity system with a major technological component and search for efficiency.
As mentioned above, the structural reinforcement of the transmission network includes the development 
of international interconnections, to ensure security of supply in Spain as well as the integration of the 
Spanish electricity market into other markets. The increase of interconnection capacity will enable to 
confront the greater variability of renewable generation, minimising waste in a context of increased green 
generation capacity, reducing the need for backup generation and facilitating the development of the 
internal energy market in Europe, which will be a key tool for the operation of the electricity system. In 
this regard, the development of interconnections with France, which connects the Spanish and Portuguese 
electricity systems to other European electricity systems, is paramount to Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s 
activities. Additionally, increasing and expanding these interconnections is one of the principal objectives 
of EU energy policy.
 (3)
Maintenance: the maintenance of the equipment and systems that make up the high-voltage transmission 
network requires the application of strict quality controls, the use of predictive maintenance techniques, 
and the performance of intensive work.
As a result of the coordination between power downtime for construction and maintenance work, the 
quality of the facilities and use of the above-mentioned maintenance techniques, Red Eléctrica S.A.U. 
benefits from a high degree of availability of its electricity transmission facilities. This in turn has enabled

--- Page 140 ---
10203988118-v4
- 140 -
66-41016515
Red Eléctrica S.A.U. to achieve the following service quality indicators in terms of security and continuity 
of supply as at 31 December 2020: 
Quality indicators
2020(*)
Network availability index (per cent.)
98.54
Average interrupt time (AIT) in minutes
0.185
Energy not supplied (ENS) MWh
83.2
Source: Red Eléctrica S.A.U. (*)
Provisional data
Remuneration model
The new regulation for electricity transmission in Spain was approved by means of Circular 5/2019, of 5 
December, of the National Markets and Competition Commission in Spain ("CNMC"), establishing the 
methodology for the calculation of the remuneration of the electric energy transmission activity ("Circular 
5/2019"). This new model establishes a framework for the remuneration of the electricity transmission activity, 
encouraging continuous improvement in management efficiency and network availability. This new model is 
applicable for the next regulatory period 2020-2025.
The new regulation establishes a formula for remunerating transmission assets, using a single methodology. This 
is based on net asset values of all assets in service at a rate indexed to the WACC (weighted average cost of 
capital) established by Circular 2/2019, of 12 November, establishing the methodology of calculation of the 
financial remuneration rate of the transmission and distribution of electric energy ("Circular 2/2019"), and with 
regulatory 6-year periods. The new model continues postponing the assets remuneration from year "n" when the 
asset is commissioned to the year "n+2" but it also maintains the "delay factor mechanism" introduced by Royal 
Decree 1047/2013 that recognizes the financial cost of this delay.
Each installation comprises a remuneration for investment and a remuneration for operation and maintenance. 
The model is based on benchmark unit investment costs, and unit operation and maintenance values, with a pre-
established method for updates and revisions. The guidance memorandum for Circular 5/2019 and Circular 7/2019, 
of 5 December, of the CNMC, approving the standard installations and the benchmark unit values for or 
installation and maintenance by element of property plant and equipment to be used in the calculation of the 
remuneration of companies owners of electric energy transmission facilities ("Circular 7/2019") establishes that 
the unit investment cost remains unchanged for this new regulatory period, whereas the unit operation and 
maintenance cost have been updated according to the new values published in Circular 7/2019.
Remuneration for investments
Investment return (RIjn): the remuneration for investments is comprised of an amount of annual depreciation (Ajn) 
and the return on the capital invested (RFjn):
RIjn: = Ajn + RFjn
The calculation of the remuneration for investment takes into account the financial remuneration obtained by 
applying the financial remuneration rate to the value of the investment that has the right to remuneration in net 
terms.
The value of the investment is calculated as the real value of the investment plus/minus 50 per cent of the 
difference between the benchmark unit value and the real value. However, this synergy in the construction of 
installations has a cap of 25 per cent.
The financial remuneration rate is approved by Circular 2/2019 and is based on the WACC. The financial 
remuneration rate is subject to review at the end of the regulatory period. The financial remuneration rate of 5.58 
per cent. has been established for the next regulatory period 2020-2025, but for 2020 the rate has been fixed in 
6.003 per cent.

--- Page 141 ---
10203988118-v4
- 141 -
66-41016515
The asset is depreciated based on its useful life, which is 40 years for most installations.
Operation and maintenance costs
Operation and maintenance costs are remunerated by applying the benchmark unit values to all installations in 
operation.
As described under the title "Remuneration model", the new operation and maintenance unit values have been 
established by Circular 7/2019. These operation and maintenance values have been reduced from the one 
established in the Order IET/2659/2015 and applied over the last regulatory period. A limitation of the 50 per 
cent. of the reduction has been implemented in the model, in order to share the impact of the new unit values in 
the remuneration.
End of the assets' useful life
Once an asset reaches the end of its useful life, the remuneration will be calculated as the value of its operation 
and maintenance remuneration plus a new term called REVU:
𝑅𝐸𝑉𝑈𝑗𝑛 =  𝜇𝑗𝑛 ∙𝑅𝑂𝑀𝑗𝑛  
is the coefficient for the extension of its useful life which will vary between 0.3 and 1 depending on the number 
𝜇𝑗𝑛 
of years that the useful life is extended.
Remuneration for Assets in operation
The methodology approved by Circular 5/2019 applies to all installations, regardless of the date they entered into 
operation.
Nevertheless, for the valuation of fixed assets with the right to remuneration of installations in service, a distinction
has been made between values in service before 1998, and those starting up after 1 January 1998:

Value of assets entered into service before 1998 is calculated implicitly, based on the actual remuneration 
received for the investment component and an average residual life was established in 7 years from 2016. 
A resolution from the Directorate General of Energy Policy and Mines (Dirección General de Política 
Energética y Minas) ("DGEPM") of MITERD (as defined below) has increased in 1 year the residual 
life for these assets.

Value of assets commissioned subsequent to 1998 will be measured at their replacement cost based on 
the benchmark unit values, and taking into account their specific useful life.
Global incentive for availability of the transmission network
Circular 5/2019 establishes incentives for the efficiency and availability of the transmission network. This global 
incentive can range from a maximum amount of +2.5 per cent to a minimum amount of -3.5 per cent of the O&M 
remuneration. The global incentive of availability of the transmission company will be calculated by comparing 
the availability of the transmission company in year "n- 2", with the minimum global availability weighted index 
required to the transmission company and the objective availability weighted index established for the regulatory 
period.
Current remuneration of the transmission activity
Order IET/981/2016 of 15 June 2016, recognised the sum of EUR1,681 million as remuneration for the 
transmission activity of Red Eléctrica S.A.U. for the year 2016. A provisional tariff for year 2017 was published 
in Order ETU/1976/2016 of 23 December 2016, for year 2018, in Order ETU/1282/2017 of 22 December, and for 
year 2019, in Order TEC/1366/2018 of 20 December. These Ministerial Orders establish that until a definitive 
tariff for 2017, 2018 and 2019 was approved, based on the methodology envisaged in Royal Decree 1047/2013, 
the remuneration for the transmission activity in both years was to be equal to the tariff approved for 2016. In this 
regard, there is currently a discussion with the Regulator about the implementation of the remuneration model and 
certain criteria for determining the remuneration of the transmission activity.

--- Page 142 ---
10203988118-v4
- 142 -
66-41016515
For 2020, the remuneration for transmission will be calculated and approved by our National Regulatory Agency 
according to the methodology established in Circular 5/2019. The main changes in the new model for the 
regulatory period 2020-2025 are the new REVU term, the reduction in the operation and maintenance unit values 
and the profit-sharing methodology applied in that reduction. However, since the already mentioned discussion 
with the Regulator is still not solved, the remuneration has been, once again, fixed provisionally for 2021 
(Resolución de 28 de enero de 2021, de la Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia, por la que se 
establece provisionalmente la retribución de las empresas titulares de instalaciones de transporte de energía 
eléctrica para el ejercicio 2021). Hence, the amount recognized for 2021 is EUR1,681 million (same as the 
previous year).
The transmission company receives the remuneration through a settlement methodology managed by the CNMC. 
According to this procedure, distributors communicate their monthly revenues from system access tariffs to the 
CNMC. The CNMC deducts from said revenues the relevant percentages to cover various fixed costs of the 
electricity system (costes permanentes del sistema), diversification and security-of-supply costs. These fixed costs 
also include sums paid by CNMC to satisfy the "specific remuneration regime" (regimen retributivo específico) 
that applies to renewable energy and other specific technologies. The resulting sum is used to meet the recognised 
costs of the transmission activities (in Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s case), distribution activities, and other regulated 
costs. 
System Operation
Red Eléctrica S.A.U. operates in the Spanish mainland, island and non-mainland electricity systems, addressing 
the continuity and security of the electricity supply.
As system operator, Red Eléctrica S.A.U. aims to provide a balance between electricity output and consumption 
in Spain. To achieve this target, it predicts electricity demand and operates, in a coordinated manner and in real 
time, the electricity generation and transmission facilities, thereby ensuring that the programmed output of power 
stations meet actual consumer demand for electricity.
In order to perform the functions with which it is entrusted, Red Eléctrica S.A.U. as system operator, must act in 
accordance with the following principles set out in Law 54/1997, and ratified in Law 24/2013:
•
Independence
•
Transparency
•
Objectivity
•
Economic efficiency
Power control centres are one of the basic elements used by Red Eléctrica S.A.U. to perform the functions assigned 
by the Electrical Sector Law as system operator. These centres coordinate and control the generation and 
transmission of electricity in real time.
In 2006, Red Eléctrica S.A.U. designed, put in place and started the operation of the Special Regime Control 
Centre ("CECRE") in order to integrate the maximum amount of generation from renewable energy sources into 
the electricity system, whilst ensuring quality levels and security of supply. This centre is integrated into the 
Electricity Control Centre ("CECOEL") responsible for the coordinated operation and real-time monitoring of 
the generation and transmission facilities of the national electricity system.
Circular 4/2019 of 27 November, has established a methodology for the remuneration of the operator of the 
electric system ("Circular 4/2019") sets out for the first time the methodology for the remuneration of the system 
operator and a price-fixing system to govern the price to be paid by agents intervening in the market for the 
services provided by the system operator in order to finance it. The new methodology, based on a revenue cap 
scheme, includes a base remuneration which comprises a remuneration for investment based on amortization and 
financial compensation and a remuneration for operation and maintenance with an additional margin. Besides this 
base remuneration, the methodology includes a term for incentives and a term called regulatory account, which 
consist on an fixed amount of money to develop new obligations due to new regulation.

--- Page 143 ---
10203988118-v4
- 143 -
66-41016515
The regulatory parameters are established for 3 year periods, with the first being 2020-2022. The annual income 
for 2020 to 2022 for the activity of system operation amounts to EUR73.3 million plus an incentive remuneration 
of + or – 2 per cent. 
Environmental Matters
In 1992, the Red Eléctrica Group implemented the first environmental protection code in the Spanish electricity 
industry to regulate all of its activities. In 1998, it also established a formal environmental protection policy to 
govern all of its activities. Since October 2001, the Red Eléctrica Group uses an environmental management 
system, certified to the UNE-EN ISO 14001 standard, and registered under the EU Eco-Management and Audit 
Scheme (EMAS).
In 2004, Red Eléctrica Group became the first business group from the energy sector in Spain to obtain an 
environmental certification from the Spanish Normalisation and Certification Association (Asociación Española 
de Normalización y Certificación) for all of its electricity transmission activities and facilities.
The Red Eléctrica Group's commitment to operate in accordance with the most challenging requirements 
associated with environmental management forms an integral part of, and is reflected in, its environmental policy.
Red Eléctrica belongs to the most reputable sustainability indices, in recognition of its excellent track record in 
this connection and its firm commitment to transparency in its reporting to third parties. The company is a 
component of the following indices: Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI), FTSE4Good, CDP, Euronext Vigeo 
Eiris, Ethibel and MSCI. 
In 2018, Red Eléctrica Corporación transferred its sustainability priorities to the structure of its Board of Directors, 
creating the Sustainability Committee, to supervise and drive actions relating to the environment and the fight 
against climate change; ethical behaviour and the values associated with the development of a corporate culture 
that will sustain the Group's success and business model; and the social impact on the communities affected by 
Red Eléctrica Group's activity. Creating this committee is a voluntary step, not a legal requirement, and is 
consistent with the strategic significance of sustainability for the Red Eléctrica Group and the demands of the 
Group's stakeholders. 
In evidence of the Group’s compromise with environmental matters, the Group companies incurred a total 
ordinary expenses of EUR23,702 thousand in protecting and improving the environment (EUR26,149 thousand 
in 2019), essentially due to the implementation of environmental initiatives aimed at protecting biodiversity, fire 
prevention, landscape integration, climate change, and prevention of pollution. In 2020 a total expense of 
EUR5,448 thousand (EUR3,217 thousand in 2019) was incurred on environmental issues associated with 
investment projects (including environmental impact studies, environmental oversight of work, and the adoption 
of preventive, corrective and accompanying measures).To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Red Eléctrica Group has no material litigation or contingencies 
relating to environmental protection.
Management at Red Eléctrica S.A.U. believes that it is materially compliant with all environmental laws and 
regulations affecting its operations. There can be no assurance, however, that new regulations will not be made, 
which could have an adverse impact on its future operations.
Management
The administration body of Red Eléctrica S.A.U. is formed by a sole administrator and this position is carried out 
by its parent company, Red Eléctrica Corporación.  
The executive officers of Red Eléctrica S.A.U. and their respective positions, as at the approval date of this Base 
Prospectus, are as follows:
Name of Officer
Position
Beatriz Corredor Sierra 
Chairperson of the Red Eléctrica Group and Board of Directors
Carlos Méndez-Trelles García
General Counsel and Non-Director Secretary of the Board of 
Directors

--- Page 144 ---
10203988118-v4
- 144 -
66-41016515
Miryam Aguilar Muñoz
Corporate Director of External Relations, Communication and 
Territory
Fátima Rojas Cimadevila
Corporate Director of Sustainability and Researches 
Eva Rodicio González
Manager of Internal Audit and Risk Control Management Area 
Roberto García Merino
Chief Executive Officer
Ángel Luis Mahou Fernández
General Manager of Transmission Division
Miguel Rafael Duvison García
General Manager of System Operation Division
Eva Pagán Díaz 
General Manager of International Business Management Division
Emilio Cerezo Díez
Chief Financial Officer
Mariano Aparicio Bueno
General Manager of Telecommunications Business Division
José Antonio Vernia Peris
Corporate Director of Transformation and Resources
Laura de Rivera García de Leániz
Manager of Regulatory Affairs and Legal Services Area 
Silvia Bruno de la Cruz
Chief Innovation and Technology Officer
Carlos Puente Pérez
Manager of Corporate Development Area
The business address of the executive officers is: Paseo del Conde de los Gaitanes 177, 28109 Alcobendas, Madrid, 
Spain.
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer and the Guarantors, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are 
no conflicts of interest between the duties of the persons listed above to the Guarantor, and their private interests 
or other duties in accordance with the Spanish law.
Overview of the Spanish Electricity Industry
The Spanish electricity industry, as with the rest of the countries in the EU, has been greatly influenced by 
European regulations. The publication of Directive 96/92/CE ("Directive 96/92") concerning common rules for 
the internal market in electricity, established clear objectives and a minimum criteria of liberalization as well as 
the introduction of levels of competence in the electricity sector.
Spain was one of the first countries to adapt its legislation to Directive 96/92 through the Electricity Act that 
entered into force in 1998 "Ley 54/1997". This act aimed to change the state of the electricity sector, from a 
structure based on vertically-integrated companies organized as regional monopolies, to a liberalized electricity 
sector, based on free competition.
The overarching changes introduced by this act were the separation of regulated activities (transmission and 
distribution) from those on free competition (generation and supply), and the liberalization of contracting and 
election of suppliers for consumers. This also included free access to transmission and distribution grids through 
the payment of an access tariff and the creation of the System Operator and Market Operator.
In accordance with this new regulatory framework, Red Eléctrica S.A.U. continued to pursue its transmission 
activity and was assigned the functions of "System Operator", resulting in the first Transmission System Operator 
(TSO) in Europe. Later, through the transposition of Directive 2003/54/CE, through Law 17/2007, Red Eléctrica 
S.A.U. was designated as the sole transmission and system operator in Spain.
The "Tariff Deficit" (the deficit between regulated costs and income obtained from tariffs) was one of the most 
considerable challenges in the Spanish electricity sector as a result of this regulatory framework. In order to 
eliminate this problem, during the years 2012 and 2013 numerous changes were made to the Electricity Act of

--- Page 145 ---
10203988118-v4
- 145 -
66-41016515
1997 to reduce regulatory costs, and to encourage the incremental increase in income of the electricity sector. 
These changes precipitated the reform of electricity sector regulation, finally compiled in a new version of the 
Electricity Act ("Ley 24/2013"), which ratifies Red Eléctrica S.A.U's designation as sole transmission and system 
operator.
Regulatory bodies in the Spanish electricity industry
In January 2019 the Royal Decree-law 1/2019 about urgent measures to adapt competencies of the CNMC to 
requirements derived from Directives 2009/72/EC and 2009/73/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 13 July 2009 concerning common rules for the internal market in electricity and natural gas ("Royal Decree-
Law 1/2019") was passed, aimed at determining a new competencies distribution between the Government and 
Independent Regulatory Authority, the CNMC, that respects European Union regulatory framework, so providing 
the CNMC the necessary independence to develop its functions.
Thus, with this Royal Decree-Law 1/2019, the CNMC was assigned some functions previously attributed to the 
State General Administration, the Ministry responsible for Energy, and was also allocated some new functions 
related to its condition as advisory body of the Government in electrical matters.
After Royal Decree-law 1/2019, State General Administration, currently through Ministry of Ecological 
Transition and the Demographic Challenge ("MITERD"), remains as the main regulator of the electricity industry 
in Spain. Its main functions in this respect, amongst others, are establishing the basic regulations for electricity 
activities and to carry out the planning of electricity infrastructures, indicative for generation assets and binding 
for transmission facilities.
The CNMC also remains as an independent regulatory agency for the electricity sector, whose main function is, 
to ensure effective competition and objective transparency in electricity sector performance. Among others, the 
CNMC has the responsibility of fixing the structure and prices of electricity access tariffs, the functions related 
with determining the remuneration of transmission, distribution and system operation activities and those 
corresponding to access and connection to transmission and distribution grid conditions. In addition, the Royal 
Decree-Law 1/2019 also reinforces CNMC function of supervising transmission grid planning and development. 
Regulation of transmission activity
The aim of the transmission activity is to transport electricity from generation to distribution points. The 
transmission grid in Spain is formed by lines, transformers and other elements of 220 kV or higher voltage, as 
well as any international interconnections. In the Canary and Balearic Islands the voltage level on this matter is 
reduced to 66 kV and over.
Every 6 years, Red Eléctrica S.A.U. is required by law to propose the future needs of the system in order to 
guarantee security of supply and the need of new transmission infrastructure. Following such proposal, the 
Ministry for the Ecological Transition and Demographic challenge (Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el 
Reto Demográfico – MITERD) elaborates the Electricity Network Planning (Planificación Eléctrica). Such 
proposal must be approved by the Spanish National Parliament. The Plan 2015-2020 is the current Plan in force, 
yet the Order TEC/212/2019 on 25 February kicked off the process of preparing the planning for the period 2021-
2026, which has already gone through its consultation phase given that the deadline for submitting allegations as 
part of the hearing and public information to the affected Public Administrations and interested parties on the 
substantive and environmental procedures of the proposal for the planning of the electric power transmission 
network for the period 2021-2026, has recently elapsed.
Furthermore, under Law 24/2013, a yearly investment plan must be presented by Red Eléctrica S.A.U. and 
approved by the MITERD. Additional approval by the MITERD is needed in order to build, modify, use, transfer 
or close and decommissioning of transmission facility. Among the factors taken into consideration when granting 
approval are:
i.
the technical and safety conditions of the facility and the corresponding equipment;
ii.
the existence of adequate measures for environmental protection;
iii.
the appropriateness of the proposed location; and
iv.
the legal, technical and financial capability of the applicant company.

--- Page 146 ---
10203988118-v4
- 146 -
66-41016515
The construction, operation and maintenance of Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s transmission facilities is remunerated 
through a methodology established by the National regulatory Authority (Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y 
la Competencia – CNMC), and Red Eléctrica S.A.U. receives a monthly amount through a settlement process 
administered by the CNMC.
This methodology experienced numerous changes during the reform of electricity sector regulation, and was 
finally established in the above-mentioned Circular 5/2019.
Additionally, Law 24/2013 states that third-party access to the Spanish transmission grid is to be managed by Red 
Eléctrica S.A.U. and that access may only be denied on the grounds of lack of capacity, on security grounds, 
regularity or quality of supply reasons, or by lack of economic efficiency and sustainability of electric system 
criteria. Since approval of Royal Decree-law 1/2019, the competence for setting the fees for access to the grid is 
attributed to CNMC instead of MITERD. 
Regulation of system operator activity
As discussed in the section entitled "System Operation", Law 24/2013 requires Red Eléctrica S.A.U. to perform 
the functions of system operator. In this capacity, Red Eléctrica S.A.U. is responsible for the technical operation 
of the electricity system, including the continuity and security of electricity supply and the co-ordination of 
generation and transmission systems.
As system operator, Red Eléctrica S.A.U. reviews the daily base operating schedule prepared by the market 
operator, identifying technical constraints and, eventually, the need to modify the schedule.
The system operation remuneration methodology was fixed by CNMC through Circular 4/2019 of 27 November 
(see System Operation section). This competence has been assigned to the CNMC through a modification of the 
Act 3/2013 of 4 June 2013 creating the CNMC. 
The regulation of non-mainland electricity systems in Spain
The peculiarities arising from the geographical location of non-mainland electricity systems, creates the need for 
a special regulation of these systems. Law 24/2013 refers specifically to this need.
Regarding the activities of transmission and system operations in these territories, Law 24/2013 regulates the 
lower voltage level required for lines, transformers and other elements to be transmission facilities, and determines 
functions of system operators in non-mainland systems.
In order to reinforce this special regulation, 2013 saw the passing of Law 17/2013, of 29 October, for supply 
guarantee and enhancing competition in non-mainland territories that, among other provisions, created the 
possibility of assigning to the System Operator the ownership and operation of the pumping – storage facilities 
whose main purpose is providing guarantee of supply, system security, and integration of renewable energy.  
In order to comply with this law, the Chira-Soria pumping storage project in Gran Canaria, originally assigned to 
Endesa, was officially passed on to Red Eléctrica S.A.U. on the 17 July 2015.
In 2015, Royal Decree 738/2015 was approved, establishing the administrative, economic and legal regime that 
applies to pumping storage facilities owned by the System Operator, providing the principles for a transparent and 
stable regulatory framework for these assets. Additional changes and regulations are expected for these facilities, 
as there are still some provisions to be developed by the MITERD, especially regarding a specific remuneration 
methodology for pumping-storage facilities assigned to the System Operator.
The Internal Electricity Market
The first approach to the realization of the internal electricity market was taken in 1996 with the publication of 
Directive 96/92/EC of 19 December 1996 concerning common rules for the internal market in electricity, which 
established the necessary steps in order to:
i.
open up the construction of new electricity generation capacity to competition;
ii.
"unbundle" the accounts for electricity generation, transmission and distribution operations;
iii.
designate a transmission network and a distribution network operator; and

--- Page 147 ---
10203988118-v4
- 147 -
66-41016515
iv.
introduce a system of third- party access to the network.
Directive 2003/54/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2003 concerning common rules 
for the internal market in electricity and repealing Directive 96/92/EC ("Directive 2003/54/EC") and Directive 
2009/72/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 concerning common rules for the 
internal market in electricity and repealing Directive 2003/54/EC ("Directive 2009/72/EC") established new 
regulations in order to continue with the construction of the internal electricity market. The 2003 Directive 
established rules on the organization and functioning of the electricity industry in Member States, and amended 
the rules in the 1996 Directive, which had fallen short of the goal to create a transparent, non-discriminatory and 
competitive internal market in electricity.
The 2009 Directive, amongst other things, provided for the creation of a European network of transmission system 
operators (TSOs) of electricity (ENTSO-E), through which transmission system operators (TSOs) co-operate to 
manage and develop a coordinated European transmission grid. Since its creation, ENTSO-E has been working 
to promote the realization and operation of the internal electricity market. To this end, ENTSO-E, in collaboration 
with the European Transmission System Operators (TSOs), has been working to develop Network Codes and 
Guidelines, European common rules referring to security of supply, information exchange, capacity allocation 
and congestion management, balancing, etc.
Additionally, Regulation 2009/714/EC sets out the provisions for the electricity exchanges within the EU and 
regulates the procedure of designation and certification of transmission system operators (TSOs), aimed at 
verifying the unbundling and independent performance of TSOs, in accordance with the principles established 
under Article 9 of the 2009 Directive.
The certification procedure of Red Eléctrica S.A.U. was completed in February 2015 with the publication in the 
Official Journal of European Union (OJEU) of the Notification of the Spanish Government to the European 
Commission, communicating the official approval and designation of Red Eléctrica S.A.U. as Transmission 
System Operator (TSO) in Spain.
From a regulatory perspective, 2019 was of particular relevance due to the completion of a comprehensive update 
of the European Union’s energy policy framework to facilitate the transition towards a cleaner energy system, and 
to deliver on the Paris Agreement commitments for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. This new regulatory 
framework, the so-called "Clean energy for all Europeans package" included, among other measures, a new 
Regulation (EU) 2019/943 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 June 2019 on the internal market 
for electricity, repealing Regulation (EC) nº 714/2009, and a new Directive (EU) 2019/944 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 5 June 2019 on common rules for the internal market for electricity repealing 
Directive 2009/72/EC.
Of particular relevance for the achievement of the internal electricity market, which strongly affects Red Eléctrica 
S.A.U. and the Spanish power system, is also the approval of Regulation (EU) 2018/1999 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 11 December 2018 on the Governance of the Energy Union and Climate Action, 
which explicitly refers to the 15 per cent. interconnection target for 2030. In this regard, also particularly relevant 
for Red Eléctrica S.A.U., and for the Iberian Peninsula as a whole, are the conclusions of the "Lisbon Declaration" 
signed by Heads of State and Government from Spain, France, Portugal and the European Commission, on the 
occasion of the 2nd Energy Interconnections Summit held in Lisbon on the 27th July 2018 (source: 
https://ec.europa.eu/info/sites/info/files/lisbon_declaration_energyinterconnections_final.pdf), 
where 
the 
signatories ratified their support to the Biscay Gulf interconnection Project and formally signed the "Grant 
agreement" of EUR578 Million (grant by the European Commission, from the "Connecting Europe Facility" 
funds). On such occasion, the parties also renewed their support to the conclusions of the European Council of 
24th October 2014 with regard to the interconnection target of 10 per cent. for 2020 and of 15 per cent. for 2030.
The 4th list of Projects of Common Interest ("PCI"), published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
(OJEU), on the 11 March 2020 (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/387 of 31 October 2019 includes 
2 new interconnection projects between the Iberian Peninsula and France, through the Atlantic Pyrenees (projects 
Aragón-Atlantic Pyrenees and Navarra-Landes) besides an additional interconnection project with Portugal and 
the Biscay Gulf project). 
The European Commission is currently working on the 5th PCI list, which is expected to be approved by the end 
of 2021.

--- Page 148 ---
10203988118-v4
- 148 -
66-41016515
The allocation of funds to PCI projects are subject to the inclusion of such project in the corresponding PCI list 
proposed by the European Commission and finally approved by the European co-legislator (European Parliament 
and Council). The label of "PCI project" is not only a pre-condition for those projects to be eligible for funding 
from the Connecting Europe Facility (CEF), but it also allows the PCI projects to benefit from a streamlined 
permitting process.

--- Page 149 ---
10203988118-v4
- 149 -
66-41016515
TAXATION
The following is a general description of certain Spanish, US, EU and Luxembourg tax considerations relating to 
the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in 
those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws 
of those countries. This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date.
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Spain) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would 
not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payment" and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would 
be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  Holders 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.
Luxembourg Taxation
The information contained within this section is limited to withholding taxation issues, and prospective investors 
should not apply any information set out below to other areas, including (but not limited to) the legality of 
transactions involving the Notes.
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only.
A holder of the Notes may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of the 
holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes.
Withholding Tax
All payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid) and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, 
disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Notes, which are not profit sharing, can be made free and clear of any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or 
assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance with the 
applicable Luxembourg law, subject however to:
(i)
regarding Luxembourg resident individuals, the application of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended, which has introduced a 20 per cent. withholding tax on savings income paid by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg.
Responsibility for the 20 per cent. withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned Luxembourg 
law of 23 December 2005 is assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent within the meaning of this law 
and not by the Issuer.

--- Page 150 ---
10203988118-v4
- 150 -
66-41016515
(ii)
Pursuant to the law of 23 December 2005 as amended, Luxembourg resident individuals can opt to self 
declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax on savings income made by paying agents located in a Member State of 
the European Union other than Luxembourg or a Member State of the European Economic Area.
The 20 per cent. withholding tax as described above or the 20 per cent. tax are final when Luxembourg 
resident individuals are acting in the context of the management of their private wealth.
Taxation in Spain
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations. The information provided below does 
not purport to be a complete overview of tax law and practice currently applicable in the Kingdom of Spain and 
is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which could be given with 
retroactive effect.
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus:
(a)
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, as amended, as well as RD 1065/2007 
as amended by RD 1145/2011;
(b)
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax ("Personal Income Tax") 
taxpayers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax and on the partial amendment of the 
Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law as amended (the 
"Personal Income Tax Law"), and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March promulgating the Personal 
Income Tax Regulations as amended along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax as amended and 
Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax;
 (c)
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax ("Corporate Income 
Tax" or "CIT") taxpayers, Law 27/2014 of 27 November on Corporate Income Tax (the "CIT Law"), and 
Royal Decree 634/2015 of 10 July promulgating the Corporate Income Tax Regulations (the "Corporate 
Income Tax Regulations"); and
(d)
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are non-resident income 
tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March promulgating 
the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law as amended (the "NRIT Law"), and Royal 
Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July promulgating the Non-Resident Income Tax Regulations as amended("Non-
Resident Income Tax Regulations"), along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax as amended 2014 
and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax.
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a "Beneficial Owner"), 
the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example exempt from 
transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative 
Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 
December regulating such tax.
1
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain
1.1
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas)
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes would constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the Personal Income Tax Law, and should be included 
in each investor's taxable savings and taxed at the tax rate applicable from time to time, currently 19 per 
cent. for taxable income up to €6,000.00 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,001.00 and 
€50,000.01, 23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 and €200,000.00, and 26 per cent. for 
taxable income exceeding €200,000.00.  As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a 
withholding tax on account at the current rate of 19 per cent. 
(a) In respect of the Bearer Notes – According to Section 44.5 of RD 1065/2007, of 27 July, the Issuer will 
make interest payments to individual holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain without 
withholding provided that the relevant information about the Bearer Notes set out in Annex I is submitted

--- Page 151 ---
10203988118-v4
- 151 -
66-41016515
by the Fiscal Agent in a timely manner.  In addition, income obtained upon transfer, redemption or 
exchange of the Notes may also be paid without withholding.
Notwithstanding the above, withholding tax at the current applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have to be 
deducted by other entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities) provided that such entities 
are resident for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory.
 (b) In respect of the Book-entry Notes – A 19 per cent. withholding on account of Personal Income Tax 
will be imposed on interest payments by the Issuer. 
However, with certain exceptions, income derived from the transfer of the Book-entry Notes should not 
be generally subject to withholding on account of Personal Income Tax provided that the Notes are:
(i)
Registered under book-entries (anotaciones en cuenta); and
(ii) traded in a Spanish official secondary market (mercado secundario official), such as AIAF. 
Except that withholding tax shall apply to the part of the transfer price that corresponds to the accrued 
interest when the transfer of the Book-entry Notes takes place within the 30-day period prior to the moment 
in which such interest is due, when the following requirements are fulfilled: (i) the acquirer is an individual 
or entity not resident in Spanish territory, or is a taxable person for CIT purposes; and (ii) the express yield 
derived from the Book-entry Notes being transferred is exempt from the obligation to withhold in relation 
to the acquirer.
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding against their Personal Income Tax liability for 
the relevant fiscal year.
1.2
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)
Individuals with tax residency in Spain will be subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth 
exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous region 
(Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold 
as at 31 December in each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent.
In accordance with Law 11/2020, of 30 December, approving the National Budget for 2021, Wealth Tax 
has been restated for indefinite period from 2021 onwards.
1.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or State rules (subject to any regional tax exemptions being available to them). The 
applicable effective tax rates can range between 0 per cent and 81.6 per cent subject to any specific regional 
rules, depending on relevant factors.
2
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain
2.1
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades)
Both interest periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes constitute a return on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to third parties of own 
capital and would have to be included in profit and taxable income of legal entities with tax residency in 
Spain for Corporate Income Tax purposes in accordance with the rules for Corporate Income Tax. The 
current general tax rate according to CIT Law is 25 per cent.
(a) In respect of the Bearer Notes – In accordance with Section 44.5 of RD 1065/2007, there is no obligation 
to withhold on income payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers. Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold on 
interest payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers in the terms described under "Information about the Notes in 
Connection with Payments" below.
Income derived from the transfer of the Notes shall not be subject to withholding tax as provided by Section 
61(s) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, to the extent that the Notes satisfy the requirements laid

--- Page 152 ---
10203988118-v4
- 152 -
66-41016515
down by the reply to the Directorate General for Taxation's (Dirección General de Tributos) consultation, 
on 27 July 2004, indicating that in the case of issuances made by entities with tax residency in Spain, (as 
in the case of the Issuer), application of the exemption requires that the Notes be placed outside Spain in 
another OECD country and traded on organised markets in OECD countries.
However, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity 
acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax 
at the current rate of 19 per cent., withholding that will be made by the depositary or custodian, if the Notes 
do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling issued by the Spanish Tax 
Authorities (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and require a withholding to be made.
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its 
final CIT liability.
(b) In respect of the Book-entry Notes – Pursuant to Section 44.4 of RD 1065/2007, there is no obligation 
to withhold on income payable to CIT taxpayers. Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold tax on interest 
payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that the reporting obligations described under "Information 
about the Notes in Connection with Payments" below are complied with.
With regard to income derived from the transfer of the Book-entry Notes, in accordance with article 61.q 
of the CIT regulations, there is no obligation to withhold on income obtained by Spanish CIT taxpayers 
provided that the relevant securities are:
(i)
registered under book-entries (anotaciones en cuenta); and
(ii) traded in a Spanish official secondary market (mercado secundario official), such as AIAF. 
2.2
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax.
2.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)
Legal entities tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax and must include the market value of the Notes in 
their taxable income for Spanish Corporate Income Tax purposes.
3
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain
3.1
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes)
Income obtained by Noteholders who are Non-Resident Income Tax taxpayers, both on interest and in 
connection with the transfer, repayment or redemption of the Notes, whether or not through a permanent 
establishment, shall be considered Spanish source of income and therefore subject to taxation in Spain 
under the NRIT Law, without prejudice to the provisions contained in any applicable tax treaty for the 
avoidance of double taxation.
(a)
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself 
create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain.
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity 
who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such 
Notes are the same as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers.
(b)
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who have no tax residency in Spain, and 
which are Non- Resident Income Tax taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are 
exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax on the same terms laid down for income from public

--- Page 153 ---
10203988118-v4
- 153 -
66-41016515
debt. In relation to payments made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, please see "Information 
about the Notes in Connection with Payments" below.
3.2
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to the 
Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose 
properties and rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory exceed €700,000 
in respect of each tax year would be subject to Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per 
cent. and 3.5 per cent., without prejudice to any other exemption that may be applicable.
Individuals that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes but who are resident in an EU or European 
Economic Area Member State may apply the rules approved by the autonomous region where the assets 
and rights with more value (i) are located, (ii) can be exercised or (iii) must be fulfilled.
In accordance with Law 11/2020, of 30 December, approving the National Budget for 2021, Wealth Tax 
has been restated for indefinite period from 2021 onwards.Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not 
subject to Wealth Tax.
3.3
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones)
Individuals not tax resident in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty.
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to inheritance 
and gift tax in accordance with Spanish legislation.
However, if the deceased, heir or the done are resident in an EU or European Economic Area member 
State, depending on the specific situation, the applicable rules will be those corresponding to the relevant 
autonomous regions according to the law.
Also, as a consequence of the Judgements of 19 February 2018 and 21 and 22 March 2018, the Supreme 
Court has declared that the application of state regulations when the deceased, heir or donee is resident 
outside of a Member State of the EU or the EEA violates Community law to the free movement of capital, 
so even in that case it would be appropriate to defend the application of regional regulations in the same 
cases as if the deceased, heir or donee was resident in a Member State of the EU. The General Directorate 
for Taxation has recently ruled in accordance with those judgements (V3151-18 and V3193-18).
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will be subject to Non-Resident Income Tax. 
If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty, the 
provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of 
income in the country of residence of the beneficiary.
4
Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments
(a) In respect of the Bearer Notes – in accordance with article 44.5 of the regulations approved by Royal Decree 
1065/2007, for the purposes of preparing the tax annual to be submitted by the Issuer, certain information with 
respect to the Bearer Notes must be submitted by the Fiscal Agent in a timely manner (i.e. before the close of 
business on the business day immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, principal or any 
amount in respect of the early redemption of the Bearer Notes is due) in the form of a duly executed and completed 
statement (the "Payment Statement in Respect of the Bearer Notes") which shall include the following 
information: 
(a)
Identification of the Bearer Notes in respect of which the relevant payment is made;
(b)
Date on which relevant payment is made;
(c)
the total amount of the relevant payment; and

--- Page 154 ---
10203988118-v4
- 154 -
66-41016515
(d)
the amount of the relevant payment and to each entity that manages a clearing and settlement 
system for securities situated outside Spain.
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a certificate the 
form of which is attached as Annex I of this Base Prospectus. 
In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection 
of information concerning the Notes by the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding each 
relevant Payment Date.  If, despite these procedures, the relevant information is not received by the Issuer on each 
Payment Date, the Issuer will withhold tax at the then-applicable rate (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 19 
per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information has not been 
provided. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding.
Accordingly, the Issuer will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any holder who would otherwise be 
entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose income payments are nonetheless paid net of 
Spanish withholding tax because these procedures prove ineffective. Moreover, the Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. The procedures for providing documentation referred 
to in this section are set out in detail in the fiscal agency agreement dated 11 June 2021 (the "Fiscal Agency 
Agreement") which may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
In particular, if the Fiscal Agent does not act as common depositary, the procedures described in this section will 
be modified in the manner described in the Fiscal Agency Agreement.
(b) In respect of the Book-entry Notes – in accordance with article 44.4 of the regulations approved by Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, for the purposes of preparing the tax annual to be submitted by the Issuer, certain information 
with respect to the Book-entry Notes must be submitted by the Iberclear Members that have the Book-entry Notes 
registered in their securities account on behalf of third parties, as well as the entities that manage the clearing 
systems located outside Spain that have an agreement with Iberclear, if applicable, in a timely manner (i.e. before 
the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, 
principal or any amount in respect of the early redemption of the Book-entry Notes is due) in the form of a duly 
executed and completed statement (the "Payment Statement in Respect of the Book-entry Notes") in the form  
set out as Annex I of this Base Prospectus which shall include the following information: 
•
Identification of the Book-entry Notes;
•
Date on which relevant payment is made;
•
Total amount of the income paid by the Issuer;
•
Amount of the income corresponding to individuals resident in Spain that are Personal Income 
Tax payers; and 
•
Amount of the income that must be paid on a gross basis.
5
The proposed European financial transactions tax
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate.
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt.
Under the Commission's Proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in

--- Page 155 ---
10203988118-v4
- 155 -
66-41016515
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate and participating Member States may decide not to participate.
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
Please note that this is for general information purposes only and is not intended to be nor shall it be deemed 
to be, or constitute legal advice.
Set out below is Annex I. The information has been presented in English only as the language of this Base 
Prospectus is English. The English has been translated from the original Spanish and such translations 
constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. However, only the Spanish 
language text of Annex I is recognised under Spanish law. In the event of any discrepancy between the 
Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the corresponding English 
translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language version of the relevant 
certificate only.

--- Page 156 ---
10203988118-v4
- 156 -
66-41016515
ANNEX I
ANNEX TO ROYAL DECREE 1065/2007, OF 27 JULY, APPROVING THE GENERAL 
REGULATIONS OF THE TAX INSPECTION AND MANAGEMENT PROCEDURES AND 
DEVELOPING THE COMMON RULES OF THE PROCEDURES TO APPLY TAXES
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax 
inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply 
taxes
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (...)(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification 
number (....)(1) and address in (...) as (function - mark as applicable):
(a) Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form.
(b) Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country.
(c) Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems domiciled 
in the Spanish territory.
(d) Fiscal Agent appointed by the issuer.
Makes the following statement, according to its own records:
1. In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44:
1.1 Identification of the securities……………………………………………………
1.2 Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated)
1.3 Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at discount or 
are segregated)
1.4 Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved..................
1.5 Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to be 
refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated).
2. In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44.
2.1 Identification of the securities……………………………………………………..
2.2 
Income 
payment 
date 
(or 
refund 
if 
the 
securities 
are 
issued 
at 
discount 
or 
are 
segregated) ……………………………………………………
2.3 Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated)
2.4 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in 
a foreign country A.
2.5 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in 
a foreign country B.
2.6 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in 
a foreign country C.
I declare the above in .................. .... on the.... of ................... ... of ....
(1)In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be included the 
number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 157 ---
10203988118-v4
- 157 -
66-41016515
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers (as defined in an amended 
and restated Dealer Agreement dated 11 June 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement")). The arrangements under which 
Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in the 
Dealer Agreement dated 11 June 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers. Any such 
agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price 
at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) 
payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other 
Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.
United States of America
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is 
specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered 
and sold, and will not offer and sell, Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant tranche as determined and 
certified by the relevant Dealer,  within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Accordingly, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any person acting on its or their behalf has 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes, and that it and they have complied 
and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer has also agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, at or prior to confirmation of sale 
of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling commission, fee or other 
remuneration that purchases Notes from it a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect:
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Securities as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer, in the case of a non-syndicated 
issue, or the Lead Manager, in the case of a syndicated issue, and except in either case in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.  Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S."
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act.
Terms used in this section have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the 
purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(b) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors

--- Page 158 ---
10203988118-v4
- 158 -
66-41016515
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms thereto  (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(a) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or
(b) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
Other UK regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that:
(a) No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year:
(i)
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:
(ii)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:
(A)
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or
(B)
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantors; 
and
(c)
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that has 
not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, "resident 
of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan.
Switzerland
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or 
solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes and Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or

--- Page 159 ---
10203988118-v4
- 159 -
66-41016515
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the FinSA) and no 
application has or will be made to admit Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to Notes may be publicly distributed 
or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
"SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:
(1)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(2)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(3)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(4)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(5)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
Kingdom of Spain
Each Dealer and the Issuer have represented and agreed that the offers of the Notes in Spain will be directed 
specifically at or made to professional clients (clientes profesionales) as this term is defined in Article 205 of the 
Restated Text of the Spanish Securities Market Law approved by Legislative Royal Decree 4/2015 (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores) 
(as amended, the "Spanish Securities Market Law"), and Article 58 of Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February, 
and eligible counterparties (contrapartes elegibles) as defined in Article 207 of the Spanish Securities Market 
Law. The Base Prospectus shall not be registered with the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and therefore the Base Prospectus is not intended for any public offer of the 
Notes in Spain which is not exempted from the prospectus requirements.

--- Page 160 ---
10203988118-v4
- 160 -
66-41016515
General
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply to the best of its knowledge and 
belief (on reasonable grounds after making all reasonable investigations) with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its 
own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the 
Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above.
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable.

--- Page 161 ---
10203988118-v4
- 161 -
66-41016515
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
1
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of (i) the sole shareholder 
of the Issuer passed on 23 June 2009; (ii) the sole manager of Red Eléctrica S.A.U. passed on 23 
June 2009; and (iii) the Board of Directors of Red Eléctrica Corporación passed on 28 May 2009. 
The authorisation of the increase of the amount of the programme was duly authorised by 
resolutions of (i) the sole shareholder of the Issuer passed on 20 May 2015; (ii) the administration 
body of Red Eléctrica de España S.A.U. passed on 20 May 2015; and (iii) the administration body 
of Red Eléctrica Corporación passed on 28 April 2015. The update of the Programme was duly 
authorised by resolutions of (i) the sole shareholder of the Issuer passed on 4 May 2021; (ii) the 
administration body of Red Eléctrica de España, S.A.U. passed on 4 May 2021; and (iii) the 
administration body of Red Eléctrica Corporación passed on 27 April 2021. The Issuer and each 
Guarantor has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes and the giving of the 
guarantees relating to them.
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings
2
To the best of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' knowledge, there are no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which 
the Issuer or the Guarantors are aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to 
the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer or the Guarantors.
Significant/Material Change
3
To the best of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' knowledge, save as disclosed in Risk Factors entitled 
"The activities of Red Eléctrica Group are subject to extensive regulation in the jurisdictions in 
which the Group companies operate, and certain regulatory changes could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operation" on page 9 §3 of the Base 
Prospectus, "Risks associated with Red Eléctrica Group's operation, management and construction 
of transmission grid and telecommunications facilities" on page 10 §1 of the Base Prospectus and 
"Red Eléctrica Group's business and finances are heavily concentrated in Spain and they are 
influenced by macroeconomic and political conditions and the negative impact of Covid-19" on 
pages 10 and 11 §2-4-6 of the Base Prospectus, since 31 December 2020 there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Guarantors. To the best of the Issuer's and the 
Red Eléctrica S.A.U.'s knowledge, since 31 December 2020, there has been no significant change 
in the financial position or performance of the Issuer or Red Eléctrica S.A.U. To the best of Red 
Eléctrica Corporación's knowledge, since 31 March 2021, there has been no significant change in 
the financial position of the Group or financial performance of Red Eléctrica Corporación.
Auditors
4
The Spanish language consolidated annual accounts of Red Eléctrica Corporación and its 
consolidated subsidiaries for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, the 
Spanish language non-consolidated annual accounts of Red Eléctrica S.A.U. as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and the Spanish language non-consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 have been 
audited and a report has been issued, without qualification, by KPMG Auditores, S.L. of Paseo de 
la Castellana, 259 C 28046 Madrid, registered with the Madrid Commercial Register under volume 
11,961 and sheet M-188007, and registered with the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors 
(ROAC) under number S0702 (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas). KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
is a member of the Instituto de Censores Jurados de Cuentas de España.
Documents on Display
5
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected 
during normal business hours at the offices of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch at Winchester

--- Page 162 ---
10203988118-v4
- 162 -
66-41016515
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom for 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus:
(a)
the constitutive documents (estatutos) of the Issuer;
(b)
the constitutive documents (estatutos) of each of the Guarantors;
(c)
the English translation of the audited non-consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer as at and 
for each of the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles in Spain;
(d)
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of Red Eléctrica 
Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and its consolidated subsidiaries as at and for each of the years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union;
(e)
the English translation of the unaudited Financial Results of Red Eléctrica Corporación, 
Sociedad Anónima for the three month period ended 31 March 2021;
(f)
the English translation of the audited non-consolidated annual accounts of Red Eléctrica de 
España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal as at and for each of the years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2020, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
in Spain;
(g)
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 32 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 4 
June 2020 relating to the Programme;
(h)
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 54 of the base prospectus dated 4 
June 2019 relating to the Programme;
(i)
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 30 to 62 of the base prospectus dated 4 
June 2018 relating to the Programme;
(j)
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 2 
June 2017 relating to the Programme;
(k)
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 30 to 62 of the base prospectus dated 3 
June 2016 relating to the Programme;
(l)
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 3 
June 2015 relating to the Programme;
(m)
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 27 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 3 
June 2014 relating to the Programme;
(n)
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 6 
June 2013 relating to the Programme;
(o)
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 59 of the base prospectus dated 6 
June 2012 relating to the Programme;
(p)
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 59 of the base prospectus dated 17 
June 2011 relating to the Programme;
(q)
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 27 to 58 of the base prospectus dated 17 
June 2010 relating to the Programme;
(r)
the Fiscal Agency Agreement;
(s)
the Deed of Guarantee;
(t)
the Deed of Covenant and the Spanish Deed of Covenant;

--- Page 163 ---
10203988118-v4
- 163 -
66-41016515
(u)
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
and
(v)
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form).
This Base Prospectus will be available together with the relevant final terms of each Tranche of Notes, in 
electronic format, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and the Guarantor 
(https://www.ree.es/en/shareholders-and-investors/bonds/programs-and-bonds-issues).
Copies of the documents referred to in paragraphs (a), (b), (q), (r), (s) and (t) will be available for 
inspection at the website of the Guarantor (www.ree.es). 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website of the Guarantor and/or the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) does not form part of this Base Prospectus.
Clearing of the Notes
6
The Bearer Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear Bank SA/NV, of 1 Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, B-120 Brussels, Belgium and Clearstream Banking S.A., of 42 Avenue J.F. 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and the International Securities 
Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the 
relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information.
Ratings
7
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, each of Fitch and S&P has rated the Programme A- (long-
term) and F1 (short-term), and A- (long-term) and A-2 (short-term), respectively. The meaning of 
such ratings are as follows:
Fitch:
A- (long-term): High credit quality. ‘A’ ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for 
payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings (The modifiers 
"+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories).
F1 (short-term): Highest Short-Term Credit Quality. Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely 
payment of financial commitments; may have an added "+" to denote any exceptionally strong credit 
feature.
S&P:
A- (long-term): An obligation rated 'A' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still strong (Ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' 
may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the rating 
categories).
A-2 (short-term): A short-term obligation rated 'A-2' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher rating categories. 
However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is satisfactory.
Legal Entity Identifier
8
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 9598006P00EGK6U2SG18.
The Legal Entity Identifier of Red Eléctrica Corporación is 5493009HMD0C90GUV498.

--- Page 164 ---
10203988118-v4
- 164 -
66-41016515
The Legal Entity Identifier of Red Eléctrica S.A.U. is 54930070W8XSY31XK130.

--- Page 165 ---
10203988118-v4
- 165 -
66-41016515
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER
RED ELÉCTRICA FINANCIACIONES, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL
Paseo del Conde de los Gaitanes, 177
28109 Alcobendas (Madrid)
Spain
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTORS
RED ELÉCTRICA CORPORACIÓN, 
SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA
Paseo del Conde de los Gaitanes, 177
28109 Alcobendas (Madrid)
Spain
RED ELÉCTRICA DE ESPAÑA, SOCIEDAD 
ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL
Paseo del Conde de los Gaitanes, 177
28109 Alcobendas (Madrid)
Spain
ARRANGER
DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
DEALERS
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, 
S.A.
Ciudad BBVA
Asia Building 1st floor
C/Sauceda 28
28050 Madrid
Spain
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A.
Paseo de Pereda 9-12
Santander
Spain

--- Page 166 ---
10203988118-v4
- 166 -
66-41016515
BARCLAYS BANK IRELAND PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2, Ireland, 
D02 RF29
BNP PARIBAS
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France
CAIXABANK, S.A.
Calle del Pintor Sorolla, 2-4
46002 Valencia
Spain
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS EUROPE 
AG
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
J.P. MORGAN AG
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
FISCAL AGENT
DEUTSCHE BANK AG, LONDON BRANCH
Winchester House
1 Great Winchester Street
London EC2N 2DB
United Kingdom
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT
DEUTSCHE BANK LUXEMBOURG, S.A.
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer
L-1115 Luxembourg
Luxembourg
LOCAL PAYING AGENT

--- Page 167 ---
10203988118-v4
- 167 -
66-41016515
DEUTSCHE BANK, S.A.E.
Paseo de la Castellana, 18
28046 Madrid
Spain
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer and the Guarantors
as to Spanish law:
J&A GARRIGUES, S.L.P.
Hermosilla, 3
28001 Madrid
Spain
To the Dealers as to English and
Spanish law:
CLIFFORD CHANCE, S.L.P.U.
Paseo de la Castellana 110
28046 Madrid
Spain
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS
KPMG AUDITORES, S.L.
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 C
28046 Madrid
Spain