--- Page 1 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 1 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
RED ELÉCTRICA FINANCIACIONES, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
Guaranteed by 
REDEIA CORPORACIÓN, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
and 
RED ELÉCTRICA DE ESPAÑA, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus"), Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The payments of all amounts due in respect 
of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by each of Redeia Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and Red Eléctrica de 
España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (each a "Guarantor" and together the "Guarantors"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), which is the 
Luxembourg competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance 
with Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes issued under the 
Programme  described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The CSSF assumes no responsibility 
for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in 
accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act dated 6 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities and has only approved the Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is 
valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval, being 13 June 2024. Applications have been made for Bearer Notes (defined 
below) to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list and to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). The Programme also permits Bearer Notes (as defined below) to be issued on the basis 
that they will be admitted to listing and trading on another Regulated Market for the purposes of MiFID II, in each case, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). References in the Base Prospectus to the Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Notes have been admitted to listing on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the Spanish Regulated 
Fixed Income Securities Market ("AIAF") or another Regulated Market for the purposes of MiFID II, as applicable. Such approval for 
admission to trading relates only to the issue of Notes under the Programme during the period of twelve months after the date hereof, which 
are to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). The Programme also permits Book-entry Notes (as defined below) to be issued on the 
basis that they will be admitted to trading on the AIAF. The CSSF has neither reviewed, nor approved any information in relation to such 
Book-entry Notes. 
Any notes under this Programme may be issued in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) ("Book-entry 
Notes"), or in bearer form ("Bearer Notes", and together with the Book-entry Notes, the "Notes").   
Each Series (as defined below) of Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a "Temporary 
Global Note") or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a "Permanent Global Note" and together with the Temporary Global Notes, 
the "Global Notes"). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, the Global 
Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Series to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Global notes which are not issued in 
NGN form ("Classic Global Notes" or "CGNs") will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Series with a common depositary on behalf 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes 
for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Bearer Notes while in Global Form". 
Each Series (as defined below) of Book-entry Notes will be registered with the Spanish Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, 
Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal ("Iberclear") as managing entity of the central registry of the Spanish clearance

--- Page 2 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 2 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
and settlement system (the "Spanish Central Registry"). Consequently, no global certificates will be issued in respect of such Book-entry 
Notes. Clearing and settlement relating to the Book-entry Notes, as well as payment of interest and redemption of principal amounts, will be 
performed within Iberclear’s account-based system. 
Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. As at the date of the Base Prospectus, each of Fitch Ratings España, S.A.U. 
("Fitch") and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") has rated the Programme A- (long-term) and F1 (short-term), and A- (long-term) 
and A-2 (short-term), respectively. Each of Fitch and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). The rating Fitch has given to the Programme is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, and 
the rating S&P has given to the Programme is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited. Fitch Ratings Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited are established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (or which has applied for registration and not been refused) or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
This Base Prospectus is available for inspection at www.luxse.com and www.redeia.com. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from its date of approval and for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its twelve-month validity period. This Base Prospectus is valid from 13 
June 2024 (inclusive) and will expire on 13 June 2025. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
Dealers 
BBVA 
Barclays  
BNP PARIBAS 
CaixaBank 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking (SCIB) 
13 June 2024

--- Page 3 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 3 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 4 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 10 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ..................................................................................................................................... 21 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 25 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................... 31 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ................................................................................... 32 
FORMS OF THE BEARER NOTES ................................................................................................................... 33 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BEARER NOTES ................................................................................. 35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BOOK-ENTRY NOTES ....................................................................... 75 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BEARER NOTES................................................................................... 114 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BOOK-ENTRY NOTES ........................................................................ 132 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE BEARER NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ...... 149 
SUMMARY OF CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES APPLICABLE TO BOOK–ENTRY 
NOTES ..................................................................................................................................................... 152 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 154 
DESCRIPTION OF REDEIA CORPORACIÓN, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA AND ITS CONSOLIDATED 
GROUP .................................................................................................................................................... 156 
DESCRIPTION OF RED ELÉCTRICA DE ESPAÑA, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL ............... 164 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 174 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 182 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 186

--- Page 4 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 4 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including any information incorporated 
by reference. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview.  
Issuer: 
Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal. 
Guarantors: 
Redeia Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and Red Eléctrica de 
España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors to fulfil their respective obligations under 
the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors". 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft. 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, CaixaBank, S.A., 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Europe 
AG, 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, J.P. Morgan SE and any other Dealer appointed 
from time to time by the Issuer and the Guarantors either generally 
in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series of 
Notes. 
Fiscal Agent:  
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A. 
Local Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank S.A.E. 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to 
a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Series of Notes will be the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, as supplemented and/or amended in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official 
list and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the 
basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer, in particular on 
AIAF. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any 
Series of Bearer Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and Iberclear in relation to any Series of 
Notes. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at 
any one time.

--- Page 5 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 5 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Rating 
The Programme has been rated A- (long-term) and F1 (short-term) 
by Fitch and A- (long-term) and A-2 (short-term) by S&P. Fitch and 
S&P are established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. The rating Fitch has given to the Programme is endorsed 
by Fitch Ratings Ltd, and the rating S&P has given to the Programme 
is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited. Fitch Ratings Ltd 
and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited are established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to 
the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and 
the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Notes of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Bearer Notes and Book-entry Notes 
Registration, clearing, settlement, 
title and transfer: 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global 
Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an 
interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of 
interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
 
The Book-entry Notes will be registered with Iberclear, which is the 
Spanish Central Securities Depository, with its registered address at 
Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 28014, Madrid, Spain. Holders of a beneficial 
interest in the Book-entry Notes who do not have, directly or 
indirectly through their custodians, a participating account with 
Iberclear may participate in the Book-entry Notes through bridge 
accounts maintained by each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg with Iberclear. 
Title to the Book-entry Notes will be evidenced by book-entries and 
each person shown in the Spanish Central Registry managed by

--- Page 6 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 6 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Iberclear and in the registries maintained by the respective 
participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear (the 
"Iberclear Members") as being the holder of the Book-entry Notes 
shall be considered the holder of the principal amount of the Book-
entry Notes recorded therein. The "Holder" of a Book-entry Note 
means the person in whose name such Note is for the time being 
registered in the Spanish Central Registry managed by Iberclear or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member accounting book 
and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly and when 
appropriate, means owners of a beneficial interest in the Book-entry 
Notes.  
The Book-entry Notes will be issued without any restrictions on their 
free transferability. Consequently, the Book-entry Notes may be 
transferred and title to the Book-entry Notes may pass (subject to 
Spanish law and to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions 
and requirements of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Iberclear Member) upon registration in the relevant registry of each 
Iberclear Member and / or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Holder 
will be treated as the legitimate owner (titular legítimo) of the 
relevant Book-entry Notes for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any 
interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued 
in respect of it) and no person will be liable for so treating the Holder. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Status of the Deed of Guarantee: 
Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantors, on an unsubordinated basis, as set out in a deed of 
guarantee dated 13 June 2022 (the "Deed of Guarantee"). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantors and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
(b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such 
Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer.

--- Page 7 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 7 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Payments in respect of Book-entry 
Notes: 
Payments in respect of the Book-entry Notes (in terms of both 
principal and interest) will be made by transfer to the registered 
account of the relevant Holder maintained by or on behalf of it with 
a bank that has access to the T2 system, details of which appear in 
the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear 
Member at close of business on the day immediately preceding the 
Business Day on which the payment of principal or interest, as the 
case may be, falls due. Holders must rely on the procedures of 
Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member to 
receive payments under the relevant Notes. None of the Issuer or the 
Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Dealers will have any 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made 
in respect of the Notes. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount, which shall not be less than par, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, as further 
described in Conditions 8(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
and 8(e) (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders), respectively.  
Residual Maturity Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed at their principal amount plus accrued 
interest within the last three months (in the case of Notes with a 
maturity of not more than ten years) or within the last six months (in 
the case of Notes with a maturity of more than ten years) before their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (in whole but not in part) 
to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, as further 
described in Condition 8(g) (Residual Maturity Call Option). 
Substantial 
Purchase 
Event 
Redemption: 
In addition, if the relevant Final Terms so specify, the Issuer shall 
have the option, in the event of a Substantial Purchase Event, to 
redeem or purchase the relevant Notes at their principal amount plus 
accrued interest, as further described in Condition 8(f) (Redemption 
following a Substantial Purchase Event). 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax 
reasons).  
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity 
date of the relevant Series.

--- Page 8 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 8 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers and as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be such as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the specified currency and save that (a) the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the European Economic Area or within the 
United Kingdom or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be EUR 100,000 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency); and (b) unless otherwise 
permitted by then current laws and regulations Notes which have a 
maturity of less than one year from their date of issue will have a 
minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency). 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross-Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 11(c) (Events of Default - Cross-Default of Issuer or 
Guarantors). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of the Kingdom of Spain, as the case may be, 
unless the withholding is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
will (subject as provided in Condition 10 (Taxation)) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had 
no such withholding been required. 
In addition to certain customary exceptions, no such additional 
amounts shall be payable to holders of Notes in respect of whose 
Bearer Notes the Issuer or the Guarantors do not receive such 
information from the Fiscal Agent in a timely manner as may be 
required in order to comply with the applicable Spanish tax reporting 
obligations (see "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments - 
Taxation" and "Taxation - Taxation in Spain - Information about the 
Notes in Connection with Payments"). 
Governing Law: 
Bearer Notes: The formalities relating to the issue of the Notes, their 
legal nature (obligaciones), the status of the Notes and the status of 
the Guarantee of the Notes (Condition 4 (Status of the Notes and 
Guarantee)), the capacity of the Issuer and of the Guarantors, the 
relevant corporate resolutions and all non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with any of the above shall be 
governed by Spanish law. Subject as provided above, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed 
of Covenant and all non-contractual obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons, Fiscal 
Agency Agreement and Deed of Covenant are governed by English 
law.

--- Page 9 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 9 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
 
Book-entry Notes: The formalities relating to the issue of the Notes, 
their legal nature (obligaciones), the form, denomination, title and 
transfer of the Notes (Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title)), 
the status of the Notes and the status of the Guarantee of the Notes 
(Condition 4 (Status of the Notes and Guarantee)), the capacity of 
the Issuer and of the Guarantors, the relevant corporate resolutions 
and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with any of the above shall be governed by Spanish law. Subject as 
provided above, the terms and conditions of the Notes, the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and all non-
contractual obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes, 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are 
governed by English law. 
Enforcement of Bearer Notes in 
Global Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in the relevant 
Global Note will acquire rights directly against the Issuer, governed 
by a Deed of Covenant dated 13 June 2022, a copy of which will be 
available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, EEA and UK Retail Investors, the United 
Kingdom, the Kingdom of Spain, Japan, Switzerland and Singapore, 
see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 10 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 10 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and 
the Guarantors and the industry in which each of them operates together with all other information contained in 
the Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section. 
The following is a list or explanation of the risks that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations or 
which investors may face when making an investment in the Notes that Issuer and the Guarantors believe to be 
the most relevant to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes as 
of the date of the Base Prospectus. The risks described below are the detailed risks the Issuer and the Guarantors 
actually consider specific to the Group, organized considering their probability and materiality or negative 
impact, in the event that any of those risks occur. If any of the following risks actually materialize, the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and business prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
You should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information contained in the Base 
Prospectus before making an investment decision. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and 
the Guarantors that are not currently known to the Issuer or the Guarantors, or that such entity currently deems 
immaterial, which have not been included herein below in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, may 
individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations 
and/or financial position of the Issuer and the Guarantors and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the 
Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment.  
Investors, before investing in the Notes, should consult with its own legal, regulatory, tax, financial and 
accounting advisors to the extent it considers necessary in order to determine and consider carefully whether an 
investment in the Notes is a fit, proper and suitable investment for them in light of the information in the Base 
Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
Risks related to the Issuer 
The Issuer is a finance vehicle 
The Issuer is not an operating company. The Issuer is a finance vehicle established by Redeia Corporación, S.A. 
for the purpose of issuing notes and other financial instruments and on-lending the proceeds to the members of 
the Group. The Issuer is therefore dependent upon other members of the Group paying interest on and repaying 
their loans in a timely fashion. Should any member of the Group fail to pay interest on or repay any loan in a 
timely fashion this circumstance could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks related to the Group 
A) Legal and regulatory risks 
The activities of the Group are subject to extensive regulation in the jurisdictions in which the Group 
companies operate, and certain regulatory and tax changes could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operation  
The main activity of Redeia Corporación, S.A., parent company of the Issuer, and its subsidiaries (the "Group" 
or "Redeia") is the transmission of electricity and the operation of the electricity network in Spain. This activity 
is carried out by Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal ("Red Eléctrica") as an electricity 
transmission system operator ("TSO"). This activity and the remuneration received by it for the services it 
provides are subject to numerous EU and Spanish laws and regulations including, amongst others, Law 24/2013, 
of 26 December, of the Electricity Sector (hereinafter, "Law 24/2013"). As of 31 December 2023, the provision 
of electricity transmission services and the operation of the Spanish national electricity grid accounted for 79 per 
cent. (79 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) of the Group's consolidated revenues and the assets related to the 
provision of these services represented on that date 73 per cent. (72 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) of the 
Group's consolidated total assets.  
Any material changes to this extensive regulatory framework and to the remuneration system, and specifically to 
the financial remuneration rate, may adversely affect Red Eléctrica and the Group's business, financial position 
and results.

--- Page 11 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 11 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Additionally, any non-compliance by Red Eléctrica with the applicable laws and regulations currently in force in 
relation to its activities could lead to sanctions or penalties of monetary or other nature being imposed by the 
regulator and to facing potential liability to third parties due to any damage or loss caused. Should Red Eléctrica 
face any sanctions, penalties or claims, the Group's cash flow, business, financial condition and results of operation 
could be materially adversely affected. 
Since 2022, as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, energy prices in Europe and, to a lesser extent, in other 
geographies, experienced a significant increase. European Member States applied different measures to tackle the 
impact of this increase for domestic consumers. The Spanish government has been particularly active in this 
respect and enacted several new rules to mitigate the impact generated by the Russian invasion of Ukraine in the 
energy sector. Any further legal or regulatory measures to limit the price of energy or affecting the regulatory 
framework or the remuneration system may have an impact on Redeia’s business prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations. Additionally, energy prices decreasing may also trigger new legal or regulatory measures 
and have a negative impact on Redeia’s business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Lastly, the Group's presence in various jurisdictions increases its exposure to regulatory and interpretative changes 
in tax laws and regulations, which could, among other things, lead to (i) an increase in the types of tax to which 
the Group is subject, including in response to the demands of various political forces such as the regulation of a 
minimum effective tax rate introduced in the Spanish Corporate Income Tax Law and the Non-Residents Income 
Tax Law by Law 22/2021, of 28 December, on the General State Budget for 2022, with effects as of 1 January, 
2022 (i.e. the minimum net tax liability is, generally, 15 per cent. of the tax base), (ii) changes in the calculation 
of tax bases, and exemptions therefrom, such as provided in the Spanish Corporate Income Tax Law (as defined 
herein) to limit the exemption for dividends and capital gains from domestic and foreign subsidiaries to 95 per 
cent., which would mean that 5 per cent. of the dividends and capital gains of Group companies in Spain will be 
subject to, and not exempt from corporate tax or the limitation established on the use of losses in tax groups for 
corporate income tax purposes in fiscal year 2023 that might be extended for fiscal year 2024- (so that, when 
aggregating the tax bases of the entities in the group, only 50% of the losses will be used; and the losses that have 
not been used may be offset over the next ten years for this purpose) or (iii) the creation of new taxes, like the 
common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in the proposed Tax Directive of the European Commission for the 
Financial Transactions Tax (which would tax the acquisitions of certain securities negotiated in markets where 
the Group operates), may have adverse effects on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the 
Group. 
B) Risks related to the Group’s business activities and industry 
Risks associated with the Group's operation, management and construction of transmission grid and 
telecommunications facilities  
In its role as global operator of strategic infrastructure, Redeia operates, manages and builds multiple electricity 
transmission and network technical facilities.  
One of the effects of the Russian invasion of Ukraine is the consequential slowdown of some of the activities of 
the Group's global activities. The region in conflict is very important in terms of commodities, especially those 
related to energy, the development of high-value technological products and industrial processes and the agri-food 
chain. Moreover, the conflict is occurring at a time when, in general terms, there are low global inventories of 
these products and the imposed decarbonisation agenda is forcing a gradual shift to a new energy matrix and 
production processes. The confluence of the above factors, if prolonged over time, increases the likelihood of a 
supply shock that may have a negative impact on inflation forecasts, which in turn may have adverse effects on 
the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The operation and management of technical electricity and telecommunications facilities is costly and the Group 
may not be able to continue to conduct this activity on cost – effective economic terms in the future. Furthermore, 
this activity is exposed, given the perils inherent to high voltage facilities, to events beyond the Group's control 
including, but not limited to, natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, accidents and defects or failures 
in machinery or control systems or components of them that may damage the Group's facilities and cause 
interruptions in the provision of electricity transmission and telecommunication services and, in turn, require high 
repair or alternative transmission channel costs. As well, the materialisation of environmental and operational 
risks inherent to the Group's activities may result in the filing of claims by public authorities or third parties as a 
result of environmental or other damage. In the event that the Group is unable to respond to any adverse events 
damaging its facilities or interrupting its activities, or that it is unable to continue to operate and manage facilities

--- Page 12 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 12 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
at acceptable cost levels, the Group's business prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be 
materially adversely affected.  
The Group companies have taken out various insurance policies to cover the risks to which the companies are 
exposed through their activities, mainly damages that could be caused to the Group companies' facilities and 
possible claims that might be lodged by third parties due to the companies’ activities. Nonetheless, the amounts 
for which the Group companies are insured may not be sufficient to cover any incurred losses in their entirety, or 
the formalised insurance policies may not provide coverage for certain damaging events. 
Additionally, regarding Red Eléctrica, its ability to increase revenues derived from its business as electricity 
system operator, transmission agent and transmission network manager depends, due to the capital-intensive 
nature of this activity, on investments being made in new transmission infrastructure. In this respect, Red Eléctrica 
has been entrusted with the development and expansion of the high-voltage transmission network in Spain in order 
to guarantee the maintenance and improvement of the national electricity grid. As of 31 December 2023, 
investments for development of the Spanish transmission network amounted to EUR 744.6 million, compared 
with EUR 448.8 million in 2022, and were directed at addressing supply security and stability, resolve technical 
restrictions, execute specific projects for international and inter-island submarine interconnections, supply the 
high-speed rail system and provide access for the evacuation of wind power. A variety of factors may affect the 
Group's capacity to build new facilities including, but not limited to, delays in obtaining regulatory approvals or 
environmental permits; shortages or changes in the price of equipment, supplies or labour; opposition from local 
groups, political groups or other stakeholders; adverse meteorological conditions, natural disasters, accidents or 
other unforeseen incidents which could delay completion of facilities.  
Therefore, any changes in the approved planning for the construction of new facilities, delays or standstills in 
projects under development caused by impediments in the obtaining of environmental and/or administrative 
authorisations, licenses and similar permits, opposition from political groups or other organisations, or changes in 
the political climate or in the regulatory framework, or any increased costs in the construction of new facilities 
due to variations in the financial or goods and services markets could materially adversely affect the Group's 
reputation, business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's business and finances are influenced by macroeconomic and political conditions, especially those 
affecting the Spanish economy as the operations of the Group are heavily concentrated in Spain 
The Group’s business performance is influenced by the macroeconomic and political and economic conditions of 
the countries in which it operates, particularly Spain, where the Group concentrates most of its operations. Any 
adverse changes affecting the Spanish economy or the economy of the other countries in which the Group operates 
could have a negative impact on its revenues and/or increase its financing costs, circumstances that could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
The aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic brought a rise in the price of commodities, particularly energy, and the 
emergence of disruptions in global supply chains which caused a significant upturn of inflationary pressures in 
many developed countries, including Spain and other markets where Redeia operates. This situation was 
exacerbated by the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and the subsequent armed conflict, which further 
increased commodity prices, adding to supply disruptions, increasing inflation and contributing to tighter financial 
conditions and market volatility. As a result of the invasion of Ukraine, the European Union (the “EU”), EU 
member states, Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States, among others, have developed and 
continue to develop coordinated sanctions on Russia and Belarus and export-control measure packages. The 
uncertain nature, magnitude and duration of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and potential effects of it and of actions 
taken by Western and other states and multinational organisations in response thereto (including, amongst other 
things, sanctions, export-control measures, travel bans and asset seizures) as well as of any Russian retaliatory 
actions (including, amongst other things, restrictions on oil and gas exports and cyber-attacks), on the world 
economy and markets contributed to increased market volatility and uncertainty. Whilst Redeia has no direct 
exposure to Russian gas nor Russian counterparties, the geopolitical and trade tensions caused by the invasion in 
Ukraine or other international conflicts may adversely impact the economic environment in which Redeia 
operates, result in volatile capital markets or otherwise adversely affect financing conditions, any of which could 
have a material adverse effect on the business prospects, financial condition and results of operations of Redeia. 
In the context of the inflationary pressures experienced by the global economy, central banks of many developed 
and emerging economies, including the euro area, strengthened monetary conditions. Whilst inflationary pressures 
seem to be receding, any persistence or aggravation of these tensions may result in tightened economic conditions 
in Spain and other countries in which Redeia operates, increased financial costs, depreciation of financial assets,

--- Page 13 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 13 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
financial stress among sovereigns and financial institutions and liquidity restrains, circumstances which could 
have a material adverse effect on the business prospects, financial condition and results of operations of Redeia. 
As of 31 March 2024, the International Monetary Fund (“IMF”) estimates that the Spanish gross domestic product 
(“GDP”) increased by 2.5% in 2023, and forecasts a 2.4% increase for 2024 and a 2.1% increase for 2025 (source: 
Spain: 2024 Article IV Consultation (IMF Country Report No. 24/152) - Banco de España (bde.es). The IMF 
estimates an increase of 0.4% of the Eurozone’s real GDP for 2023 and forecast a 0.8% increase for 2024 and a 
1.5% increase for 2025 (source: IMF World Economic Outlook update April 2024). 
The Group relies on information technology for its operation and systems failures or third-party hacks may 
adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operation  
As an electricity system operator and transmission network manager, one of the Red Eléctrica's main functions is 
to guarantee the continuity and security of the electricity supply.  
Disruptions to or failures of Red Eléctrica's computer and information technology systems could cause an 
interruption to the Group's business, which could have a material adverse effect on its business prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations. In particular, Red Eléctrica's information technology systems may be 
vulnerable to a variety of interruptions as a result of events beyond its control, including, but not limited to, 
network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, viruses, malware, ransomware or other malicious 
codes, unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, cyberattacks by hackers, criminal groups 
or nation-state organizations or social-activist (hacktivist) organizations, geopolitical events, natural disasters, 
failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events, including natural disasters 
or extreme meteorological phenomena. Cyber threats are constantly evolving and this increases the difficulty of 
detecting and successfully defending against them. These events could compromise Red Eléctrica 's confidential 
information, impede or interrupt its business operations, and may result in other negative consequences, including 
remediation costs, loss of sales, litigation and reputational damage. While Red Eléctrica has implemented 
administrative and technical controls and taken other preventive actions to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and 
protect its information technology, they may be insufficient to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, 
cyberattacks or other security breaches to its computer systems. In the event that Redeia or any of the Group 
companies suffers a breach in its cyber security or other failure of its information technology systems, it could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks associated with international and telecommunication investments and divestments  
As part of its strategy, the Group may undertake both investments entailing the acquisition and/or integration of 
businesses in order to foster its growth strategy through inorganic growth, and/or divestments in order to realise 
gains derived from the growth and higher valuation of certain assets or businesses acquired by the Group or as a 
consequence of changes in the Group’s general strategy. 
In recent years, the Group has made investments and divestments in electric infrastructures in several countries 
and in the telecommunications sector. See "Description of Redeia Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and its 
consolidated Group - Investments".   
These investments and divestments inherently involve a number of risks such as those related to the existence of 
unforeseen contingences and the adequacy of guarantees or indemnities to cover such contingencies, claims in 
connection with the investments or divestments (from employees, customers or third parties), the lack of 
materialization of expected benefits from such investments (including the realisation of potential synergies and 
sales growth anticipated either in the expect amount or timeframe or costs), and lower market valuations of 
businesses to be divested. In addition, there are associated risks related to local laws on where the investments or 
divestments are located such as local law factors and risks related to exchange rate fluctuations, capital movement 
restrictions, inflation, political and economic instability and possible state expropriation of assets in addition to 
risks related to the integration of businesses within the Group. Furthermore, the necessity of a local management 
team, and the integration or retention of local personnel or the Group’s capacity to fill the void as a result of any 
divestments may cause disruption to its business and operations. 
If any of these risks materialise, they could materially adversely affect the Group's reputation, business prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks associated to joint ventures and operations

--- Page 14 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 14 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Joint ventures or operations refer to those arrangements in which there is a contractual agreement to share the 
control over an economic activity, in such a way that decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous 
consent of the Group and the remaining venturers or operators. Whilst joint operations involve the existence of 
rights to assets, including revenue, and obligations for liabilities, including expenses, relating to the arrangement, 
joint ventures involve a contractual agreement with a third party to share control over an activity and the strategic 
financial and operating decisions relating to the activity require the unanimous consent of all the venturers that 
share control.  
Redeia´s joint arrangements as of 31 December 2023 include the 50 per cent. interest in Transmisora Eléctrica del 
Norte, S.A. ("TEN") held through Red Eléctrica Chile SpA. as a Joint Venture, focused on operating a 
transmission line spanning approximately 580 km that connects the Far North Interconnection System to the 
Central Interconnected System in Chile; the 50 per cent. interest in INELFE held through Red Eléctrica as a joint 
arrangement together with Réseau de Transport d'Électricité (RTE), the French transmission system operator 
focused on is the study and execution of interconnections between Spain and France that will increase the 
electricity exchange capacity between the two countries; the 50 per cent. interest in the Brazilian company Argo 
Energia Emprendimientos y Participaciones S.A. ("Argo"), through Red Eléctrica Brasil Holding Ltda., as a joint 
arrangement together with Grupo Energía Bogotá S.A E.S.P. Accordingly, the Group has classified this joint 
arrangement as a joint venture, as the parties to it have rights to the net assets of such joint venture. 
Due to the nature of joint arrangements, whether joint ventures or joint operations, the Group's success in them 
depends primarily on its ability to maintain good relationships and to reach consensus on short, medium and long-
term strategic decisions with its partners, whose interests may differ from those of the Group. In the event that the 
Group is unable to maintain good relationships and adopt positive strategic decisions, the Group may lose its 
investment in its joint arrangements and its business prospects, financial condition, and results of operations may 
be materially adversely affected. 
C) Risks related to Redeia’s financial situation 
Interest rate risk 
The nature of the Group's business is inherently capital intensive and requires financing to operate and expand. 
The Group's financial debt structure comprises certain debt instruments that accrue interest at both fixed and 
variable interest rates, the latter being linked to variable reference interest rates, such as EURIBOR. Interest rates 
and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
reform. The implementation of the anticipated reforms may result in changes to a benchmark’s administration, 
causing it to perform differently than in the past, or to be eliminated entirely, or resulting in other consequences 
which cannot be predicted as at the date hereof. 
The financial debt structure of the Group is low risk with moderate exposure to fluctuation in interest rates, as a 
result of the debt policy implemented, which aims to bring the cost of debt into line with the financial rate of 
return applied to the Group’s regulated assets, among other objectives. As of 31 December 2023, the Group's total 
bank borrowing and notes and other marketable securities  amounted to EUR 5,671 million, of which 89 per cent., 
EUR 5,028 million, accrued interest at fixed rates. Similarly, as of 31 December 2022, the Group's total gross 
financial debt (bank borrowing and notes and other marketable securities) amounted to EUR 6,144 million, of 
which 89 per cent., EUR 5,459 million, accrued interest at fixed rates.  
Nevertheless, any increases in the underlying reference interest rates on which the Group's financing agreements 
accruing interest at variable rates may impact the Group's financial expenses by requiring the dedication of 
significant cash flow to service repayment, thus reducing the availability of cash flow to fund its business 
operations and increase its vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. The referred interest rate 
risk increase could affect not only Redeia´s debt which is subject to variable interest rates, but also any future 
refinancing of its debt obligations. Additionally, the Group anticipates that any new financing agreements which 
it undertakes could imply higher financial costs than in the agreements signed in recent years due to increases in 
margins paid over market interest rates. If Redeia Corporación or any of the Group companies are unable to 
formalise any new financing agreements under reasonable financial terms, there can be no assurance that such 
increased financing costs will not have a material adverse effect in the Group's business, operations, cash flows 
and overall financial condition. Finally, inadequate management of interest rate risk due to the lack of adequate 
hedging through financial instruments could have an adverse effect on Redeia Corporación or any of the Group 
companies. 
Liquidity risk

--- Page 15 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 15 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Liquidity risk arises as a result of differences in the amounts or the collection and payment dates of the various 
assets and liabilities of the companies of the Group. The Group's liquidity position is based on its strong capacity 
to generate funds, backed by the existence of credit lines that allow it to keep a significant volume of funds 
available during the year. Further, on 3 January 2024 Redeia has issued a green bond for an amount of EUR500 
million. As of 31 December 2023, the credit lines available amounted to EUR1,676 million and available cash 
and cash equivalents amounted to EUR 675 million, compared with credit lines amounting to EUR1,795 million 
and cash (cash and cash equivalents) amounting to EUR 1,510 million as of 31 December 2022. Further, as of 31 
December 2023, the Group’s financial debt had an average maturity of 4.5 years (5 years as of 31 December 
2022). 
While the Group attempts to have sufficient liquidity available to meet its payment obligations by maintaining 
adequate liquidity levels over specific time periods without resorting to additional financing sources and 
diversifying its funding sources and optimising the maturity of its debt, the reduction of the remuneration 
calculation system currently in force or any other event that prevents or disrupts the generation of cash flow may 
materially adversely affect the Group's results of operations and financial condition as it is likely that the Group 
would be obliged to incur in extra financial costs or, in the worst-case scenario, threaten the Group's continuity as 
a going concern and lead to insolvency.  
Currency risk  
Because the Group's consolidated annual accounts are expressed in Euro but the financial statements of several 
subsidiaries are expressed in other currencies, negative fluctuations in exchange rates could negatively affect the 
value of consolidated foreign subsidiaries' assets, income and equity, with a concomitant adverse effect on the 
Group's consolidated annual accounts (i.e., translation risk). For instance, due to the translation effect, an 
appreciation of the Euro against the Group's other significant currencies would adversely affect the Group's results. 
Furthermore, currency risk considers transaction risk arising on cash inflows and outflows in currencies other than 
the Euro. 
To reduce the currency risk on issues in the US private placements market, the Group has arranged cash flow 
hedges through US Dollar/Euro cross-currency swaps on the principal and interest, which cover the amount and 
total term of the issue up to October 2035.    
In order to mitigate transaction risk, in 2023 and 2022 the Group companies arranged forward cash flow hedges 
in the form of cross currency swaps and currency forwards to hedge highly probable cash flows of certain revenue 
in US Dollars and certain payment commitments in Brazilian Reais. Consequently, had the Euro strengthened or 
weakened by 10 per cent. against the hedged currencies at year end, the market values of those derivatives would 
have changed, and equity would have decreased or increased by EUR15.426/EUR-18.854 million on 31 December 
2023 (EUR20.366/EUR-24.817 million at 31 December 2022). In order to mitigate translation risk on assets 
located in countries whose functional currency is not the Euro, the Group finances a portion of such investments 
in the functional currency. The Group has also arranged hedges of net investments in US Dollars through cross-
currency swaps that are in place until January 2026. Consequently, had the Euro strengthened or weakened by 10 
per cent. against the currencies to which the Group is exposed at year end, the Parent’s equity would have 
decreased or increased by approximately EUR86 million at 31 December 2023 (EUR57 million at 31 December 
2022). 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
D) Risks relating to the markets the Notes will trade in and the nature of the Notes 
There is a limited active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
is currently a limited trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). Accordingly, future 
liquidity of the Notes may be limited. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount 
to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer and the Guarantors. Although applications have 
been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and they may be made for such Notes to be admitted to listing on AIAF, Mercado de Renta Fija, there is no 
assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that

--- Page 16 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 16 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any 
trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specify 
otherwise, in the event that the Issuer or the Guarantors would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in 
respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
specify that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose 
to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate 
as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
Risks relating to the Insolvency Law 
The restated text of the Insolvency Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Texto refundido 
de la Ley Concursal) ("Insolvency Law"), regulates pre-insolvency and court insolvency proceedings, as opposed 
to out-of-court liquidation, which is only available when the debtor has sufficient assets to meet its liabilities. 
The Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that (i) provisions in a contract granting one party the right to 
suspend, modify or terminate by reason only of the other's insolvency or pre-insolvency declaration, or opening 
of the liquidation phase will not be enforceable, and (ii) accrual of unsecured interest shall be suspended from the 
date of the declaration of insolvency and any amount of unsecured interest accrued up to such date shall become 
subordinated (iii) secured interest shall be deemed as specially privileged up to the value effectively covered by 
the relevant security and shall keep accruing after the declaration of insolvency up to the lower of (a) the secured 
amount and (b) the value effectively covered by the relevant security, provided that a contingent credit for secured 
ordinary interests that may accrue after the declaration of insolvency is included in the statement of claim to be 
sent to the insolvency administrator. Default interest, either secured or unsecured, no longer accrue after the 
declaration of insolvency, as per the Supreme Court judgment dated 20 February 2019. 
The Insolvency Law may also have the effect of modifying or impairing creditors' rights even if the creditor, either 
secured or unsecured, does not consent to the amendment (i.e., creditors can be subject to cram down), either in a 
pre-insolvency (i.e., as result of a restructuring plan that has been judicially sanctioned (homologado)) or in an 
insolvency context (as a result of the approval of a creditors' agreement (convenio concursal)), in both cases 
subject to certain requirements (including majority support). These may include write-off or stay, conversion into 
(among others) a different financial instrument, convertible obligations, participating loans (préstamos 
participativos), exchange for equity, and even a change of the applicable law to the relevant claims. 
In no case shall subordinated creditors be entitled to vote upon a creditors' agreement (convenio concursal) in 
insolvency proceedings, and accordingly, they shall be always subject to the measures contained therein, if passed 
by the relevant majorities.  
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, under the Insolvency Law, claims relating to the Notes will be ordinary 
unsecured credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined by the Insolvency Law, unless they qualify as subordinated 
credits (créditos subordinados) in the limited circumstances set out in Article 281 of the Insolvency Law. Ordinary 
credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa), which include receivers' fees, 
and privileged credits (créditos privilegiados), which include certain labour and tax debt. 
As such, certain provisions of the Insolvency Law could affect the ranking of the Notes or claims relating to the 
Notes on an insolvency of the Issuer.

--- Page 17 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 17 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
The application of the net proceeds of Green Notes as described in "Use of Proceeds" may not meet investor 
expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
Prospective investors in any Notes where the title "Green Notes" in Part B of the applicable Final Terms is stated 
to be "Applicable" (the "Green Notes"), should have regard to the information in the applicable Final Terms 
regarding the use of the net proceeds of those Green Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of 
such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Notes together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary.  In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Dealers 
that the use of such proceeds for any eligible projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of 
a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as 
it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA) and any related technical screening 
criteria, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as 
environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the "EU Green Bond Regulation"), Regulation 
(EU)2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector ("SFDR") and any 
implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements 
of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in Red Eléctrica's Green Framework and 
the relevant information contained in the Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial adviser 
or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest.  Red Eléctrica's Green 
Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or 
withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in the Base 
Prospectus. Red Eléctrica's Green Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in the Base 
Prospectus.   
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may 
not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Notes and in particular with any eligible projects 
to fulfil any environmental and/or other criteria, such as the Second Party Opinion.  Any such report, assessment, 
opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of the Base Prospectus.  
Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by 
the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Notes.  Any such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of the date it was issued.  Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in such Green Notes.  At the date of the Base Prospectus, the providers of such reports, 
assessments, opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. 
In the event that any Green Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green" or other equivalently 
labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or 
assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission 
satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market 
to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Notes or, if 
obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any Green Notes and obtain and publish the 
relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in the manner described in each case 
in the Final Terms, factors beyond the Issuer's and/or Guarantor's control may prevent them from doing so. For 
the same reason, there can be no assurance that any eligible projects will be completed within any specified period 
or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer or the Guarantors. 
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Green Notes for any eligible projects or to 
obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, will not constitute an event of default 
under the relevant Green Notes or give rise to any other claim of a holder of such Green Notes against the Issuer 
and the Guarantors. The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any

--- Page 18 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 18 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
such report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer or the Guarantors are not complying in 
whole or in part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, 
opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Notes 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. 
E) Risks relating to benchmarks and interest rate 
Floating Rate Notes 
Investments in Notes that bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added 
or subtracted, as the case may be, from such rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the 
life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) of the reference rate (e.g. every three months or six months) which itself will 
change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may 
be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference 
rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of such Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant 
reference rate. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which 
are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and 
proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within 
the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability 
of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it 
would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" 
which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and 
contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the 
new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the 
terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, 
or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions, or 
result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes 
whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, 
even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as 
to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant 
Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the 
same benchmark.

--- Page 19 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 19 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service)) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event (each as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs.  Such an 
event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes.  Such fallback arrangements 
include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate 
and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve 
this objective.  Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of 
a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the 
Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and €STR, as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. This 
relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for 
the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might 
be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, 
SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme.  The development of risk-free rates for the 
Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate notes 
issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula 
in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  In addition, market participants 
and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including 
various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward 
expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different 
measures of such risk-free rates.  If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like 
the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes 
referencing indices that are more widely used.

--- Page 20 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 20 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and 
have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank offered rates 
in a number of material respects.  These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, 
calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, 
whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured 
and include a risk-element based on interbank lending.  As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates 
may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes.  Furthermore, 
SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform 
differently over time to an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other 
market rates.   
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  The level of 
such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the 
future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such 
risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.  Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank 
offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to 
a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption.  
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could change the 
value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related 
index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their successors) 
as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR Compounded Index) or 
€STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free 
rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility 
criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, or timing related to the publication 
of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices.  In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index (in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply).  The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests 
of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.

--- Page 21 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 21 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Each of Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (the "Issuer"), Redeia Corporación, 
Sociedad Anónima and Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (each a "Guarantor" and 
together the "Guarantors") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
"Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described 
under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in 
the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. This Base Prospectus must 
be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information incorporated by reference 
herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed 
together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer and the Guarantors have confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that 
this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes and the guarantees of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material 
respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein 
are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit 
to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context 
of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes and the guarantees of the Notes) not misleading in any 
material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantors or such other information as is in the public domain and, if 
given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Guarantors or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have verified the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus 
and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, 
or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of 
the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject 
to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons.

--- Page 22 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 22 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantors or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantors. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantors and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer, the Guarantors and their 
respective affiliates. 
None of the Dealers, the Issuer or the Guarantors makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding 
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should satisfy itself that it is 
able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency 
shall be translated into EUR at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Union, references to "U.S.$", "USD", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, 
references to "EUR" or "euro" or "€" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 
May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the 
"MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR / target market – A determination will be made in relation to each 
issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any

--- Page 23 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 23 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA"). 
If applicable, the Issuer will make a determination in relation to each such issue about the classification of the 
Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of the SFA. Any such legend included on the relevant 
Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may 
have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 24 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 24 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Interest payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets 
Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) (the "EMMI") is included in ESMA's register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA) is not included 
in ESMA's register of administrators under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the Bank of England, the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the European Central Bank are not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration or recognition, endorsement or equivalence. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
ROUNDING 
Certain figures in the Base Prospectus, including financial, market and certain operating data, have been rounded 
for ease of reference. Accordingly, in certain cases, the sum of the numbers shown in a column or row of a table 
may not exactly add up to the total figure shown for the column or row, and the sum of certain figures expressed 
as a percentage may not exactly add up to the total percentage shown.

--- Page 25 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 25 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(1) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of Redeia Corporación, Sociedad 
Anónima and its subsidiaries as at and for each of the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022 that shall be available for viewing at: 
https://www.redeia.com/sites/default/files/publication/2024/02/downloadable/IFA_Redeia_CuentasCons
olidadas_2023_EN.pdf  
and 
https://www.redeia.com/sites/webgrupo/files/publication/2023/02/downloadable/Redeia_Consolidated_A
nnual_Accounts_2022.pdf  
(2) 
the English translation of the unaudited interim financial results of Redeia Corporación, Sociedad 
Anónima, comprising of the interim consolidated income statement, interim condensed consolidated 
balance sheet and interim summary consolidated statement of cash flows as at and for the three-month 
period ended 31 March 2024 (the "REC March 2024 Financial Results") that shall be available for 
viewing at:  
https://www.redeia.com/sites/webgrupo/files/06_ACCIONISTAS/Documentos/Hechos_relevantes/2024/
20240430_HR_Financial_Results_1T2024.pdf  
(3) 
the English translation of the audited non-consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer as at and for each of 
the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 that shall be available for viewing at: 
https://www.redeia.com/sites/webgrupo/files/06_ACCIONISTAS/Documentos/Emisiones_de_bonos/202
3_Auditors_Report_on_Red_Electrica_Financiaciones.pdf  
and 
https://www.redeia.com/sites/webgrupo/files/06_ACCIONISTAS/Documentos/Emisiones%20de%20bon
os/1004_CCAA_2022_REF_INGLES.pdf  
(4) 
the English translation of the audited non-consolidated annual accounts of Red Eléctrica de España, 
Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal as at and for each of the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022 that shall be available for viewing at: 
https://www.redeia.com/sites/webgrupo/files/06_ACCIONISTAS/Documentos/Emisiones_de_bonos/202
3_Auditors_Report_on_Red_Electrica.pdf   
and 
https://www.redeia.com/sites/webgrupo/files/06_ACCIONISTAS/Documentos/Emisiones%20de%20bon
os/1002_CCAA_2022_REE_INGLES.pdf  
(5) 
the information in relation to Alternative Performance Measures set out in the sections entitled "January - 
March 2024" available for viewing at: 
https://www.redeia.com/sites/webgrupo/files/06_ACCIONISTAS/Documentos/MAR_ENG_1T24.pdf  
(6) 
the information in relation to Alternative Performance Measures set out in the sections entitled "January - 
December 2023" available for viewing at:  
https://www.redeia.com/sites/webgrupo/files/06_ACCIONISTAS/Documentos/CNMV_MAR_ING_4T2
3.pdf  
(7) 
the information in relation to Alternative Performance Measures set out in the sections entitled "January - 
December 2022" available for viewing at:

--- Page 26 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 26 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
https://www.redeia.com/sites/webgrupo/files/06_ACCIONISTAS/Documentos/MAR_ENG_4T22.pdf  
(8) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 33 to 72 of the base prospectus dated 13 June 2023 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/1011c1d84c8c6d4f75a83ed60000a78dbd  
(9) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 32 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 4 June 2020 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=vOw52vxy8eLvFBSKssijet5MjITA33EwPnT6y/Awa9EgLjcpr9sWtaTAZQtZO
lH1qAblUk4xxHKaMapB9C4fh/eFQvnv95ptDt7nNuY42Ki0CNYqR9iIL/3eCrhjv1aaH4q/mvk0uTJyW
snJKZkf10o8AS+vaucPdkzAcXHleitCHZm9oyqxaTs3tEdJZdOr  
(10) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 54 of the base prospectus dated 4 June 2019 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=lBHlDUv7O115/mbh26rvtlwbE/ePcX75SENhKBCDlbUn1JdcACg1n+LawmV
pm+NUmqcNIRLd8ZyTx61ZwIX94HKZofw6MsP/jmPe1UWR0dAiYO/s9cX0yTwxDfJt3uTXhC9Mi/
VROnDL+8N6YUxeiFqMt/NBP1n1aZgf5yq/Ces=  
(11) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 2 June 2017 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=HJ6yfPpDqOdjQMuHbOzDrGt81XgpF4PnyX152eT2d8ltrlNHOxEHrLUYIrQ
FjxiJbT4FNwBfF8Nut/YUhzcMKXboWWNoMoK4NFoHNV/S5N8vSYFU1biXO6yBmP1T54vPD/Lx
TuaMsxO+6BXysd4NxW3SKC6SdCJlfCdcTTe9hNK9wKkkFH63fV98dcGhEefvwAuNY/y8DC5H66
WKLaZyL8QYEihgOxxhU40bg4r6vNGZm3+7iGByJih3CjnFzexUueyHIJTDswzpE/T6Nql9nMiGMoN
OZQS4moS/kx0ocqNrmaaMODsKjjPMeASCmTcLf/Y+o8wnmmtq8e8VT1FETjz5+mE2Kv1oSpvnJhL
ZiNQ=  
(12) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 3 June 2015 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=RteKsWUDLuJ59/DVVbK+PCLG0DvHf324W3ykbJ90IoyIVeUMjectmLCIG
2Vm9TcJSUpP2y/hF271FYj7zAi4qLdkOfaKPkCgCFNPDpjJG0+RYKhHbgzm8ZzHmkXAFBn62WRo
f8m3RJqH6MIJPtlui3hYVxWUFm8C97A2b1DCHmbgoJPQMKSFfkfdIqoUeReBgTniguAaJ5fMy9EK
CzYl4OMBizUF1tFcb2mKSLzGpRkREE1TG5u4TbhF2q0tCL7uSuW4gWo9xjPKnJXTjqI5eKNCYzgb
wf4AP77SOHSaTFeCiMGyGclBGkmssRySOJUvinBD+JkY7jaNpq8U7smQTngM5L7bnIfaaRcmfncdc
ak=  
(13) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 27 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 3 June 2014 
relating to the Programme that shall be available for viewing at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=lb+Prwk6ZX1cgFmocWfajg2TEXFYqPpkNd/XUtbOhBlotAtVBnUjOQGvp4j
1XCEwMYEx4fmbV2nNENmyIuFnsPD1uU7FVpnC+zoFQbVNL6dAjM9orwjPo6XdKB4Xb+c7VTY
1cn5/0cYc0Tk7oCJvJcFh9L1NXEMQkPXm+numRNWWkX/TMia+pMBuuWSHkRLEK/u9Mn1vxp3+
WDUGhhWcXaIwbPuPus5FIgdrQweHdzP0HaSKGPbUW9K65mqQpu91zaaYhiRGlPRNwnplHY2BBr
r1dFs10aziJLFEfmMRVPLeMgKSPUMdGiyGs/aDaHXrLwjdbfKQ7YnGmsmWusRChqqpPAGEc872
LaX/sw6v/ZI= 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the translated English language consolidated statement 
of financial position, consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of changes in equity, consolidated 
statement of cash flows, explanatory notes and the translated independent auditor's report of Redeia Corporación, 
Sociedad Anónima for each of the years ended 31 December 2023 (the "REC 2023 Annual Accounts") and 31 
December 2022 (the "REC 2022 Annual Accounts"), as set out in the annual reports for each of the years ended 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, and the relevant page references for the unaudited interim consolidated 
income statement, interim summary consolidated balance sheet and interim summary consolidated cash flow 
statement of Redeia Corporación, Sociedad Anónima contained in the REC March 2024 Financial Results:

--- Page 27 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 27 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
REC March 2024 Financial Results 
Page reference (of the PDF 
document) 
Unaudited Consolidated Income Statement 
21 
Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet 
22 
Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
23 
REC 2023 Annual Accounts 
Page reference (of the PDF 
document) 
Auditor's Report  
2-9 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 
10-11 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
 
12 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
13 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
14 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
15 
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts  
16-103 
REC 2022 Annual Accounts 
Page reference (of the PDF 
document) 
Auditor's Report  
2-9 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 
11-12 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
13 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
14 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
15 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
16 
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts  
17-109 
 
 
English translations 
In the event of a discrepancy, the original Spanish-language versions prevail.  
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the translated English language balance sheet, income 
statement, statement of total changes in equity, statement of cash flows, explanatory notes and the translated

--- Page 28 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 28 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
independent auditor's report of the Issuer for each of the years ended 31 December 2023 (the "Issuer 2023 Annual 
Accounts") and 31 December 2022 (the "Issuer 2022 Annual Accounts") as set out in the non-consolidated 
accounts for each of the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022: 
Issuer 2023 Annual Accounts 
Page reference (of the PDF 
document) 
Auditor's report 
2-5 
Balance Sheet 
7 
Income Statement 
8 
Statement of Total Changes in Equity 
9 
Statements of Cash Flows 
11 
Explanatory Notes 
12-29 
Issuer 2022 Annual Accounts 
Page reference (of the PDF 
document) 
Auditor's report 
2-6 
Balance Sheet 
8 
Income Statement 
9 
Statement of Total Changes in Equity 
10 
Statement of Cash Flows 
12 
Explanatory Notes 
13-29 
 
 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the translated English language balance sheet, income 
statement, statement of total changes in equity, statement of cash flows, explanatory notes and the translated 
independent auditor's report of Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal as of and for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2023 (the "REE 2023 Annual Accounts") and 31 December 2022 (the "REE 202

--- Page 29 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 29 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Annual Accounts"), as set out in the non-consolidated annual accounts for each of the years ended 31 December 
2023 and 31 December 2022 
REE 2023 Annual Accounts 
Page reference (of the PDF 
document) 
Auditor's report 
2-6 
Balance Sheet 
8-9 
Income Statement 
10 
Statement of Total Changes in Equity 
11 
Statement of Cash Flows 
13 
Explanatory Notes 
14-67 
 
REE 2022 Annual Accounts 
Page reference (of the PDF 
document) 
Auditor's report 
2-6 
Balance Sheet 
8-9 
Income Statement 
10 
Statement of Total Changes in Equity 
11 
Statement of Cash Flows 
13 
Explanatory Notes 
14-64 
 
 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, 21 
Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom. Copies of such documents are also available for inspection on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference tables but included in the documents incorporated by reference 
is not incorporated by reference and is not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, uniform resource locators ("URLs") given in respect of website addresses in this Base 
Prospectus are inactive textual references only and it is not intended to incorporate the contents of any such

--- Page 30 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 30 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
websites into this Base Prospectus nor should the contents of such websites be deemed to be incorporated into this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 31 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by Red Eléctrica for its general corporate purposes, which 
include making a profit. In addition, where the title "Use of Proceeds" in Part B of the applicable Final Terms is 
stated to be "Green Notes" as described in this "Use of Proceeds" section the net proceeds from each such issue 
of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, the development, 
construction, installation or maintenance of new or existing projects, assets or activities that meet the eligibility 
requirements “(the Eligible Green Assets”) defined and detailed in the green framework established by Red 
Eléctrica (the "Green Framework"). The eligible green assets will fall under the eligible categories defined and 
detailed in the Green Framework established by Red Eléctrica. 
The process to select and evaluate Eligible Green Assets will be performed as established in the Green Framework. 
The Green Framework, which includes the criteria to be used to determine how the  proceeds will be allocated for 
sustainable purposes, as specified in the "Use of Proceeds" in Part B of the applicable  Final Terms, is available 
to view at https://www.redeia.com/en/shareholders-and-investors/bonds/green-framework. 
In summary, the Green Finance Instruments net proceeds will finance or refinance green assets in the following 
category:  
 
5In 
alignment 
with 
ICMA 
“Green 
and 
Social 
Bonds: 
A 
high-level 
mapping 
to 
the 
Sustainable 
Development 
Goals”: 
https://www.icmagroup.org/sustainable-finance/the-principles-guidelines-and-handbooks/mapping-to-the-sustainable-development-goals/ 
6 In alignment with the EU Taxonomy Environmental Objectives as defined in Article 5, amendment 41 and Article 6:   
http://www.europarl.europa.eu/doceo/document/TA-8-2019-0325_EN.html   
Sustainalytics has issued a second party opinion on the Green Framework on 23 September 2021 (the "Second 
Party 
Opinion"), 
which 
is 
available 
to 
view 
at 
https://www.redeia.com/sites/webgrupo/files/06_ACCIONISTAS/Documentos/Red_Electrica_Group_Green_Fi
nance_Framework_Second_Party_Opinion.pdf  
The Green Framework and the Second Party Opinion do not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in the 
Base Prospectus.   
For the avoidance of doubt, URLs given in respect of website addresses in this Base Prospectus are inactive textual 
references only and it is not intended to incorporate the contents of any such websites into this Base Prospectus 
nor should the contents of such websites be deemed to be incorporated into this Base Prospectus. None of the 
information contained in such websites has been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. 
Use of Proceeds/ 
Green Activity 
Eligible Green Assets and related 
Eligibility Criteria 
Contribution to UN 
SDG5 
Alignment with EU 
Taxonomy objectives6 
 
 
 
Electricity  
network   
 
EU Economic   
Activity:   
Transmission and  
Distribution   
of Electricity   
(NACE: D.35.12,   
D.35.13)   
Transmission infrastructure or equipment 
that complies with the following criterion:   
a) 
more than 67% of newly enabled 
generation capacity in the system is below 
the generation threshold value of 100 
gCO2e/kWh measured on a life cycle basis 
in accordance with electricity generation 
criteria, over a rolling five-year period; 
but excluding any infrastructure dedicated to 
creating a direct connection or expanding an 
existing 
direct 
connection 
between 
a 
substation 
or 
network 
and 
a 
power   
production   plant   that   is   more greenhouse   
gas   intensive   than   100 gCO2e/kWh 
measured on a life cycle basis.   
Target 7.2: By 2030, 
substantially increase 
the share of renewable 
energy in the global 
energy mix 
 
 
Target 13.1:  
Strengthen resilience 
and adaptive capacity 
to 
climate-related 
hazards and natural 
disasters 
in 
all  
countries   
Environmental Objective 1: 
Climate Change Mitigation   
Substantial   contribution to 
Climate Change Mitigation 
(1.a):  
Generating, 
storing, 
distributing 
or 
using 
renewable energy in line with 
the 
Renewable 
Energy 
Directive, including through 
innovative technology with a 
potential for significant future 
savings or through necessary 
reinforcement of the grid

--- Page 32 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 32 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantors and of the rights attaching to 
the Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer and the 
Guarantors have endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for 
information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be 
determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the relevant Final Terms unless 
any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other necessary information in relation to the 
relevant series of Notes, may be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantors and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document 
containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantors, a securities note containing the 
necessary information relating to the relevant Notes. In addition, if the Drawdown Prospectus is constituted by a 
registration document and a securities note, any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
the information included in the registration document which arises or is noted between the date of the registration 
document and the date of the securities note which is capable of affecting the assessment of the relevant Notes 
will be included in the securities note.

--- Page 33 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 33 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
FORMS OF THE BEARER NOTES 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), without 
interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the 
case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Bearer Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the 
central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the 
same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Bearer Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are 
applicable in relation to the Bearer Notes or, if the Bearer Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note", then the Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect 
of the Bearer Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of 
such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order 
of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided however that in no circumstances shall the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes") if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 34 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 34 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global 
Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Bearer Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Bearer Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described 
in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Bearer Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes" below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Overview of Provisions Relating 
to the Bearer Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Bearer Notes in global 
form, the Bearer Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code."

--- Page 35 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 35 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BEARER NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Bearer Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The relevant Final Terms shall not 
amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable 
law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Bearer Notes may complete any information 
in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Bearer Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Overview of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1 
Introduction 
(a) Programme: Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (the "Issuer") has 
established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 
5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of bearer notes (the "Bearer Notes") guaranteed by 
Redeia Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal 
(each a "Guarantor" and together the "Guarantors"). 
(b) Final Terms: Bearer Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Bearer Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions (the "Bearer 
Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Bearer Notes are these 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) Public Deed of Issuance: as far as required by Law (or, otherwise, at the option of the Issuer) each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes will be constituted by virtue of a public deed of issuance (the "Public Deed 
of Issuance") to be executed before a Spanish notary public on or prior to the Issue Date. 
(d) Fiscal Agency Agreement: The Bearer Notes are the subject of an amended and restated fiscal agency 
agreement dated 13 June 2022 (the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantors, 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes 
any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Bearer Notes), the 
paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Bearer Notes) and Deutsche Bank, S.A.E. Unipersonal as local paying agent (the "Local Paying 
Agent"). 
(e) Deed of Guarantee: The Notes are the subject of a deed of guarantee dated 13 June 2022 (the "Deed 
of Guarantee") entered into by the Guarantors. 
(f) The Notes: All subsequent references in these Bearer Conditions to "Bearer Notes" are to the Bearer 
Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are 
available for viewing during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the 
initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(g) Summaries: Certain provisions of these Bearer Conditions are summaries of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the 
Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the 
"Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, 
all the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee applicable to them. 
Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the 
initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2 
Interpretation 
(a) Definitions: In these Bearer Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 36 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 36 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
(iii) 
and in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant 
Final Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a 
legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date 
on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to 
the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day, save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate 
is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that 
payment will not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment 
Date; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the

--- Page 37 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 37 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(C) 
 if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means such Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Bearer Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Bearer Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Bearer Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b)  where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
A) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
B) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 38 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 38 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30"; 
(f) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 39 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 39 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions, or specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently, Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that 
rate); 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Bearer Notes, its principal amount or such 
higher amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group" means Redeia Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and its subsidiaries; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person 
to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Guarantee of the Notes" means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantors in the Deed of 
Guarantee; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; and 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Bearer Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Bearer Note for that Interest Period;

--- Page 40 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 40 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Bearer Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any 
other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if the 
Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount 
or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make-Whole Amount, such other amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts 
the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is:

--- Page 41 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 41 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided however that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Bearer Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Bearer Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to 
redeem a Bearer Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Bearer Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Bearer Conditions; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference 
Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR (or the Successor Rate), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Bearer Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Bearer Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled 
to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Bearer Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest

--- Page 42 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 42 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular 
Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market) in each case, with an original maturity of greater than 365 
days; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of 50 per cent. of the share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove the 
majority of the members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated (using the proportional integration method) with those of 
the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended. 
(a) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Bearer Notes  
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to 
Talons;

--- Page 43 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 43 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(ii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Bearer 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iii) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Bearer Note and any other amount in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iv) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
references to Bearer Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
(vi) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Bearer 
Notes; and 
(vii) 
any reference to the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee shall be 
construed as a reference to the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee, as 
the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date 
of the Bearer Notes. 
3 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Bearer Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. In the case of any Bearer Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or within the 
United Kingdom, or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area or in the 
United Kingdom in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination will be €100,000 (or, if the Bearer Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall 
(except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4 
Status of the Bearer Notes and Guarantee 
The restated text of the Insolvency Law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (the 
"Insolvency Law") provides, among other things, that: 
(i) 
any claim may become subordinated if it is not reported to the insolvency administrators within 
one month from the last official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency. If the 
insolvency proceeding is declared as abridged, the term to report may be reduced to fifteen days; 
(ii) 
provisions in a contract granting one party the right to terminate by reason only of the other's 
insolvency may not be enforceable; 
(iii) 
interest (other than any interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the 
value of the assets subject to the security) accrued and unpaid until the declaration of the 
insolvency proceedings (concurso de acreedores) shall become subordinated; and

--- Page 44 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 44 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(iv) 
accrual of interest (other than ordinary interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount 
equal to the value of the asset subject to the security and only if certain conditions are met) shall 
be suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency. 
(a) 
Status of the Bearer Notes: 
The Bearer Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer which (unless 
they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law) in the event of the 
insolvency (concurso de acreedores) of the Issuer will at all times rank pari passu among 
themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that 
are both mandatory and of general application, and in particular, save for such payment obligations 
that are preferred by law under Articles 242, 270 and 280 of the Insolvency Law. 
In the event of the insolvency (concurso de acreedores) of the Issuer, under the Insolvency Law, 
and assuming that the Bearer Notes continue being unsecured, claims relating to the Bearer Notes 
(unless they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law) will be 
ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank 
below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a privilege 
(créditos privilegiados). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits. Accrued and unpaid 
interest due in respect of the Bearer Notes at the commencement of an insolvency proceeding 
(concurso de acreedores) of the Issuer will qualify as subordinated credits. Under Spanish law 
and except as described as above, accrual of interest on the Bearer Notes shall be suspended from 
the date of any declaration of insolvency. 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The Guarantors have in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the 
due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
Bearer Notes. 
This Guarantee of the Bearer Notes constitutes direct, general, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Guarantors which 
(unless they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law) in the event 
of the insolvency (concurso de acreedores) of the Guarantors will at all times rank at least pari 
passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantors, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both 
mandatory and of general application, and in particular, save for such payment obligations that are 
preferred by law under Articles 242, 270 and 280 of the Insolvency Law. 
5 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors shall create or permit to 
subsist any Security Interest (other than Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its 
present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (i) at the same time or prior thereto securing 
the Bearer Notes equally and rateably therewith, or (ii) providing such other security for the Bearer Notes 
as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
Permitted Security Interest means: (i) any Security Interest created in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness 
of a company which has merged with the Issuer, any of the Guarantors or one of its or their Subsidiaries 
or which has been acquired by the Issuer, any of the Guarantors or one of its or their Subsidiaries, provided 
that such security was already in existence at the time of the merger or the acquisition, was not created for 
the purpose of financing the merger or the acquisition and is not increased in amount and not extended 
following the merger or the acquisition; and (ii) any Security Interest arising pursuant to any mandatory 
provision of law other than as a result of any action taken by the Issuer or any of the Guarantors in their 
ordinary course of business.

--- Page 45 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 45 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
6 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Bearer Notes only 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Bearer Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
9 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Bearer Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Bearer Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Bearer Notes 
only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Bearer Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
9 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as 
before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Bearer Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Bearer Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Bearer 
Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates

--- Page 46 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 46 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Relevant Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Relevant Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided however that if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Bearer Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and 
the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Bearer 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Book-entry Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant 
ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions (provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the 
Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any 
reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the relevant 
ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its 
discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee) and under which:

--- Page 47 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 47 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is 
a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is 
the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and:

--- Page 48 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 48 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Overnight Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be 
applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date.  
(iii) 
If the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be 
replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate".  
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily

--- Page 49 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 49 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
 For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
365
𝑑
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in:   
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including , the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London 
Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest

--- Page 50 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 50 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" 
(as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms  or if no such period is specified, five 
London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the London Banking Day falling "p " London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i".  
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking 
Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day 
will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to 
Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing 
at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day and (B) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), or (b) if this is more recent, 
the latest determined rate under (A). 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(e), the 
Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination

--- Page 51 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 51 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula 
and other provisions set out in this Condition 7(f). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday.  For this 
reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula 
and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR 
used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then 
the provisions under Condition 7(f)(iv) below will apply.  
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised 
or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 360
𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in:

--- Page 52 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 52 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such 
period is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 7(f)(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not 
so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for:

--- Page 53 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 53 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates.  In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to 
this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision 
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(a) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(b) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(c) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes 
or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the 
calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(b) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(c) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and 
(B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:

--- Page 54 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 54 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably 
necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof):  
(a) 
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of 
the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); or  
(b) 
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark

--- Page 55 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 55 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative 
of the underlying market and economic reality that such benchmark  is intended 
to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if 
the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under 
Condition 7(f)(iv) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date on which such changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 7(f); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement 
and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(vi) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(f), the 
Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period,

--- Page 56 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 56 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR 
plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement 
Day as provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, 
if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET

--- Page 57 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 57 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance 
with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank 
or the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such 
period is specified, five TARGET Business Days. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), if, where any Rate of Interest 
is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(g)(ii) above, in respect of any TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be 
determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then 
the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR 
reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which 
€STR reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(g)(v), 
the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to

--- Page 58 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 58 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination) 
This Condition 7(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the 
relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of 
Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of 
the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, 
and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth 
decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in 
the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards);  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise 
specified shall be five;  
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 
10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the 
Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published at 15:00 
(New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) 
on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number 
of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 59 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 59 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded 
Index, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant 
Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR 
(as defined in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f), as applicable) had been specified instead in the 
Final Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Shift Period for the purposes of that 
definition in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f) (as applicable) shall be deemed to be the same as 
the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily 
SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, the provisions 
of Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply. 
(i) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the 
relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(k) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. 
The relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(l) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Bearer Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon 
as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be 
entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount 
and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(m) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantors, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) 
no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(n) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
Note for which the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR", if 
a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by reference to such 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent

--- Page 60 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 60 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with this Condition 7(n) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any (in accordance with this Condition 7(n)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition this 7(n)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 7(n).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 7(n) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the immediately following Interest Period shall be the Reference 
Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(n) shall 
apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be 
subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(n).  
If the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that:  
(A)  
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 7(n)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all 
following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(n) in 
the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(n)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately 
following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(n) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Alternative Rate.  
If the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(n) and the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(n), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to 
and effect such consequential amendments to the Fiscal Agency Agreement and these Conditions 
as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7(n)).  
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(n) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:

--- Page 61 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 61 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(A) 
 confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any 
relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 7(n); and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(n), the Calculation Agent or any Paying 
Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any 
changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 7(n), which, in the sole and 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
and/or these Conditions. 
As used in this Condition 7(n):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or    
(C)  
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(n) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the Specified Currency. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in this Condition 7(n).  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
A. 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as 
a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or

--- Page 62 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 62 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
B. 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date 
(the "Specified Future Date"); or  
C. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
D. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Bearer Notes; 
or 
E. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by a 
specified future date (the "Specified Future Date") be no longer representative of an 
underlying market; or 
F. 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified 
Future Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under this Condition 7(n). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Bearer Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Bearer Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part:

--- Page 63 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 63 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to 
the date fixed for redemption, if, immediately before giving such notice: 
(A) 
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Bearer Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(B) 
(1) the Guarantors have or (if a demand was made under the Guarantee of the Bearer Notes) 
would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Bearer 
Notes and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Guarantors taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Bearer Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer or the Guarantors would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Bearer Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand 
under the Guarantee of the Bearer Notes were then made; or 
(2) 
where the Bearer Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer or the Guarantors would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Bearer Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand under the 
Guarantee of the Bearer Notes were then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed by two directors 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
or (as the case may be) either of the Guarantors has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred 
to in this Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 8(b) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Bearer Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Bearer 
Notes or, as the case may be, the Bearer Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) 
to such date).

--- Page 64 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 64 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
If the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) specified in the relevant Final Terms is the "Make-
Whole Amount", the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will be the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Bearer Notes to be redeemed; 
and  
(b) 
the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Bearer Notes 
to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Bearer Notes (exclusive of 
interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an 
annual basis at (i) the Reference Note Rate plus the Redemption Margin; or (ii) the 
Discount Rate, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Make-whole Exemption Period is specified as applicable and the Issuer gives notice to 
redeem the Bearer Notes during the Make-whole Exemption Period, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) will be 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding 
of the Bearer Notes to be redeemed. 
All Bearer Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 8(c). 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Bearer Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in 
such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing 
market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority requirements.  
In this Condition 8(c), as applicable: 
"Discount Rate" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"FA Selected Note" means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Bearer 
Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as 
the Bearer Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Bearer Notes.º 
"Financial Adviser" means the entity so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified or such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor. 
"Make-whole Exemption Period" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Redemption Margin" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier 
than the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice. 
"Reference Government Note Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantors, or their affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate note issues. 
"Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Note Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Note (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference 
Government Note Dealer.  
"Reference Note" shall be the note so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified 
or if no longer available, the FA Selected Note. 
"Reference Note Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding

--- Page 65 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 65 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations; or (b) if the Financial 
Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
"Reference Note Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Note, assuming a price for the Reference Note 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Note Price for such date 
of redemption. 
"Remaining Term Interest" means with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is 
to be redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Bearer Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 8(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the 
Bearer Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal 
Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Bearer Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 8(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Bearer 
Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order 
to exercise the option contained in this Condition 8(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited 
shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once 
deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 8(e) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders), may be withdrawn; 
provided however that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note 
becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or 
refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at 
such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and 
shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against 
surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a 
Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at 
the option of Noteholders), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed 
to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event (as defined 
below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase 
Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), redeem or purchase 
(or procure the purchase of), at its option, the Bearer Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, 
but not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal 
amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption 
or purchase. 
All Bearer Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 66 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 66 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
A "Substantial Purchase Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 80 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Bearer Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which for 
these purposes shall include any further Bearer Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) is 
purchased by the Issuer or Guarantors or any of their subsidiaries (and in each case is cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 8(j). 
(g) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption (the "Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date")), at its option, 
redeem the Bearer Notes comprising the relevant Series, in whole but not in part, at their principal 
amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of 
Bearer Notes having a maturity of not more than 10 years or (ii) six months before the Maturity 
Date in respect of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than ten years. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity 
of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Bearer Notes. 
All Bearer Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Bearer Notes otherwise than 
as provided in paragraphs (a) to (g) above. 
(i) 
Purchase: The Issuer, the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time 
purchase Bearer Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all 
unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. Such Bearer Notes may be held or resold at the 
option of the Guarantors or their respective Subsidiaries. Bearer Notes purchased by the Issuer 
must be surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. The Guarantors or their respective 
Subsidiaries may sell such Bearer Notes to the Issuer. In such case the Issuer must surrender such 
notes to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Bearer Notes so redeemed by the Issuer and any unmatured Coupons attached 
to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled. All Bearer Notes so cancelled and any Bearer 
Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8(i) (Redemption and Purchase – Purchase) 
above (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent 
and cannot be reissued or resold. 
9 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch 
of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Bearer Notes in the currency in which the payment 
is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying

--- Page 67 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 67 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws 
and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 10 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided however that if 
the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing 
Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided however that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a 
fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become 
void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available 
for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as 
the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 9(f) (Payments 
– Unmatured Coupons void) is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, 
on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
8(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 8(e) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 8(f) 
(Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event), Condition 8(g) (Residual Maturity Call 
Option) or Condition 11 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or 
not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in 
such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay.

--- Page 68 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 68 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon 
Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which 
claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 12 (Prescription). Upon the due date for 
redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no 
Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
10 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Bearer Notes and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantors shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, 
or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantors shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its 
having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere 
holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would not be liable or subject to 
the withholding or deduction by making a declaration concerning the nationality, residence 
or identity of the holder (or providing information, documentation or other evidence of the 
same) or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority or to (or on behalf 
of) the Issuer, where such declaration or claim is upon request required or imposed by the 
Spanish tax authorities; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if the Issuer or the Guarantors do not receive 
in a timely manner certain information about the Bearer Notes of such holder as it is 
required by the applicable Spanish tax laws and regulations, including a duly executed and 
completed certificate, pursuant to Law 10/2014 of 26 June, and Royal Decree 1065/2007 
of 27 July; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts 
on presenting such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If any of the Issuer or the Guarantors become subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of 
Spain shall be construed as references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
11 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing:

--- Page 69 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 69 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer (and each of the Guarantors under the Deed of Guarantee) fails to pay 
any amount of principal in respect of the Bearer Notes (or in respect of the Deed of Guarantee) 
within fourteen days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in 
respect of the Bearer Notes (or in respect of the Deed of Guarantee)  within twenty one days of 
the due date for payment thereof; or 
 (b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or either of the Guarantors defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Bearer Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee and such default remains unremedied for 60 days after written notice thereof to the 
Issuer and the Guarantors; or 
(c)  
Cross-default of Issuer or Guarantors: 
(i) 
any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the either of the Guarantors is not paid when 
due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any amounts of principal or interest in respect of such Relevant Indebtedness becomes (or 
becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise 
than at the option of the Issuer or either of the Guarantors (as the case may be) or (provided 
that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such 
Indebtedness; or 
 (iii) 
the Issuer or either of the Guarantors fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-
paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph 
(iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); or 
(d)  
Enforcement proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution, or other legal process is levied, 
enforced or sued out, on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the 
Group and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or 
(e)  
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer 
is appointed, of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Group; 
or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer or either of the Guarantors becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or either of the Guarantors 
or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or either of 
the Guarantors is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer or 
either of the Guarantors takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations 
or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness given by it or (iv) the Issuer or either of the Guarantors ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on all or any substantial part of its business (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant 
to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or (v) an order is made or an 
effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or either 
of the Guarantors (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(g)  
Failure to take action etc: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled 
or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantors lawfully to enter into, exercise their 
respective rights and perform and comply with their respective obligations under and in respect of 
the Bearer Notes (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and 
(iii) to make the Bearer Notes and the Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts of the 
Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done by the Issuer or the Guarantors (as applicable); 
or

--- Page 70 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 70 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(h)  
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or either of the Guarantors to perform 
or comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Bearer Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee; or 
(i)  
Guarantee not in force: the Guarantee of the Bearer Notes is not (or is claimed by either of the 
Guarantors not to be) in full force and effect; or 
then any Noteholder of the relevant Series in respect of such Bearer Notes may, by written notice to the 
Issuer and the Guarantors, declare that such Bearer Notes or Note (as the case may be) and all interest then 
accrued but unpaid on such Bearer Notes or Note (as the case may be) shall be forthwith due and payable, 
whereupon the same shall (to the extent permitted by applicable Spanish law) become immediately due 
and payable at its Early Termination Amount, together with all interest accrued thereon without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, 
anything contained in such Bearer Notes to the contrary. 
12 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are presented for payment within 
ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13 
Replacement of Bearer Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Bearer Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a 
Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant 
of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Bearer Notes or 
Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14 
Agents 
In acting under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and in connection with the Bearer Notes and the Coupons, 
the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantors and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantors reserve the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided however that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantors shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Bearer Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of 
a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall maintain a Paying 
Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
15 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Bearer Notes, including the

--- Page 71 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 71 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
modification of any provision of these Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (acting together) and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Bearer Notes.  The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will 
be two or more persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Bearer Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Bearer Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons 
holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Bearer Notes form a quorum.  Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders 
and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification:  The Bearer Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of 
Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct 
a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Fiscal Agency Agreement may agree to modify 
any provision thereof, but the Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made 
to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
16 
Substitution 
Each of the Guarantors or any of their Subsidiaries (as defined below) (each a "Substitute Obligor") may, 
without the consent of the Holders of any Bearer Notes, Receipts or Coupons, assume the obligations of 
the Issuer (or any previous Substitute Obligor) under and in respect of any Bearer Notes upon: 
(a)  
Deed poll: the execution of a deed poll (the "Deed Poll") by the Substitute Obligor and (if the 
Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors) the Guarantors (or by such of the Guarantors as 
is not the Substitute Obligor) in a form which gives full effect to such assumption and which 
includes (without limitation): 
(i)  
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor in favour of the Holders of the Bearer Notes to be 
bound by these Terms and Conditions, the Bearer Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the 
Deed of Covenant and the Fiscal Agency Agreement, with any consequential amendments, 
as if it had been named herein and therein as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer, 
and such other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) in order for the substitution to 
be fully effective and for the Substitute Guarantor to be bound by all of the Issuer's 
obligations; 
(ii)  
a warranty and representation (A) that the Substituted Obligor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for such substitution and 
for the performance by the Substituted Obligor of its obligations under the Deed Poll and 
under any other documents required to give full effect to the substitution, (B) that all such 
approvals and consents are in full force and effect, and (C) that the obligations assumed 
by the Substituted Obligor are valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms 
and enforceable by each Holder of the Bearer Notes; and 
(iii)  
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor and (if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the 
Guarantors) each of the Guarantors (or by such of the Guarantors as is not the Substitute 
Obligor) to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder against all taxes or duties which 
arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable 
contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be 
incurred or levied against such Holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this

--- Page 72 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 72 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Condition 16 (Substitution) and which would not have been so incurred or levied had such 
substitution not been made (and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any and 
all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Holder by any political sub-division or 
taxing authority of any country in which such Holder resides or is subject to any such tax 
or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made); 
and 
(iv)  
an acknowledgment of the right of all Holders of the Bearer Notes to the production of the 
Deed Poll. 
(b)  
Deed of Guarantee: if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors, the execution of a 
deed of guarantee (the "Substitute Guarantee" hereinafter for the purpose of this Condition 16 
(Substitution) only) by each of the Guarantors (or by such of the Guarantors as is not the Substitute 
Obligor) on substantially the same terms as the Deed of Guarantee pursuant to which it undertakes 
to guarantee the performance of the obligations of the Substitute Obligor under the Deed Poll, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes and any other documents required to give full effect to 
the substitution. 
(c)  
Legal opinion: the delivery by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that: 
(i)  
the Deed Poll constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute 
Obligor and, if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors, the Guarantors (or 
by such of the Guarantors as is not the Substitute Obligor); 
(ii)  
the Bearer Notes constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute Obligor; and 
(iii)  
if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors, the Substitute Guarantee 
constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Guarantors in respect 
of all sums from time to time payable by the Substitute Obligor in respect of the Bearer 
Notes. 
(d) 
Taxation: where the Substitute Obligor is subject to a different taxing jurisdiction (the 
"Substituted Territory") than that to which the Issuer is subject generally (the "Issuer's 
Territory"), the Substituted Obligor will give an undertaking in terms corresponding to Condition 
10 (Taxation) with the substitution for the reference in that Condition to the Issuer's Territory of 
references to the Substituted Territory; 
(e) 
Ratings: an undertaking to the Holders to provide a written confirmation by two internationally 
recognised rating agencies that the substitution of the Substituted Obligor will not result in a 
downgrading of the then current credit rating of such rating agencies applicable to the class of debt 
represented by the Bearer Notes; 
(f) 
Release of Issuer: Not later than fourteen days after the execution of any such documents as 
aforesaid in paragraph (a), the Substituted Obligor shall cause notice thereof to be given to the 
Noteholders; and 
(g)  
Completion of substitution: Upon the execution of such documents and compliance with the 
requirements stated in this Condition 16 (Substitution), the Substituted Obligor will be deemed to 
be named in these Terms and Conditions, the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons as if it had been 
named herein and therein as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute 
under this Condition 16 (Substitution)) and the Bearer Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons will 
be deemed to be amended in such manner as necessary to give effect to the substitution and any 
references in the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons to the Issuer will be references to the 
Substituted Obligor. 
17 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further Bearer Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Bearer Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Bearer Notes.

--- Page 73 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 73 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
18 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) 
or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in either case, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made 
in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
19 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Bearer Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Bearer Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, 
against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such 
purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or 
rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first 
currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of 
any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
20 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards. 
21 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The formalities relating to the issue of the Bearer Notes, their legal nature 
(obligaciones), the status of the Bearer Notes and the status of the Guarantee of the Bearer Notes 
(Condition 4 (Status of the Bearer Notes and Guarantee)), the capacity of the Issuer and of the 
Guarantors, the relevant corporate resolutions and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with any of the above shall be governed by Spanish law. Subject as provided above, 
the terms and conditions of the Bearer Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant and all non-contractual obligations arising from or in connection with the Bearer Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons, Talons, Fiscal Agency Agreement and Deed of Covenant are governed by 
English law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising from 
or connected with the Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons (including a dispute relating 
to the existence, validity or termination of the Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons or 
any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Bearer Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons and/or Talons) or the consequences of their nullity (a "Dispute").

--- Page 74 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 74 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London 
EC2N 4AG or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in 
England and Wales at which process may be served on it. If such person is not or ceases to be 
effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the 
written demand of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf 
and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a 
person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in 
England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 75 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 75 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BOOK-ENTRY NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
applicable to the Book-entry Notes. The relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this 
Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in 
respect of any Tranche of Book-entry Notes may complete any information in this Base Prospectus. 
1 
Introduction 
(a) Programme: Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal (the "Issuer") has 
established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 
5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of book-entry notes (the "Book-entry Notes") 
guaranteed by Redeia Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad 
Anónima Unipersonal (each a "Guarantor" and together the "Guarantors"). 
(b) Final Terms: Book-Entry Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Book-Entry Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions 
(the "Book-Entry Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Book-Entry Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall 
prevail. 
(c) Public Deed of Issuance: as far as required by Law (or, otherwise, at the option of the Issuer) each 
Tranche of Book-Entry Notes will be constituted by virtue of a public deed of issuance (the "Public 
Deed of Issuance") to be executed before a Spanish notary public on or prior to the Issue Date. 
(d) Agency Agreement: The Book-entry Notes are the subject of an amended and restated fiscal agency 
agreement dated 13 June 2022 (the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantors, 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes 
any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Book-Entry Notes), the 
paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Book-Entry Notes) and Deutsche Bank, S.A.E. Unipersonal as local paying agent (the "Local Paying 
Agent"). 
(e) Deed of Covenant: The Book-entry Notes have the benefit of an English law-governed Deed of 
Covenant (the "Book-entry Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer on or around the date of 
this Base Prospectus to which these Book-entry Conditions will be affixed. In the Book-entry Deed of 
Covenant, the Issuer has covenanted in favour of each Noteholder (as defined below) that it will duly 
perform and comply with the obligations expressed to be undertaken by it in these Book-entry 
Conditions. The benefit of the Book-entry Deed of Covenant will not imply that the Book-entry Notes 
benefit from a security interest or that they have a higher ranking than other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(f) Deed of Guarantee: The Notes are the subject of a deed of guarantee dated 13 June 2022 (the "Deed 
of Guarantee") entered into by the Guarantors. 
(g) The Notes: All subsequent references in these Book-Entry Conditions to "Book-Entry Notes " are to 
the Book-Entry Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final 
Terms are available for viewing during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(h) Summaries: Certain provisions of these Book-entry Conditions are summaries of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and are subject to its detailed provisions. The Noteholders (as defined below) are bound 
by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement applicable to 
them. Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during 
normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which 
is set out below.

--- Page 76 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 76 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
2 
Interpretation 
Definitions: In these Book-entry Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
(iii) 
and in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant 
Final Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a 
legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date 
on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to 
the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate 
is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that 
payment will not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment 
Date; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that:

--- Page 77 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 77 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(C) 
 if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means such Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Book-Entry Conditions 
or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b)  where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
A) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
B) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 78 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 78 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30"; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 79 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 79 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Book-Entry Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Book-Entry Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions, or 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently, Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that 
rate); 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Book-entry Notes, its principal amount or 
such higher amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group" means Redeia Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and its subsidiaries; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person 
to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Guarantee of the Notes" means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantors in the Deed of 
Guarantee; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; and 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases;

--- Page 80 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 80 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Book-Entry Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Book-Entry Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Book-entry Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any 
other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if the 
Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Book-Entry Note, its principal 
amount or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make-Whole Amount, such other amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Book-Entry Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts 
the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant principal financial centre of the currency of payment 
are open for payment of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and

--- Page 81 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 81 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant principal financial centre of the currency of payment 
are open payment of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided however that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to the Local Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Book-Entry Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Book-entry Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Book-Entry Conditions; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference 
Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR (or the Successor Rate), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Book-entry Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Book-entry Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular 
Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and

--- Page 82 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 82 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Book-entry Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market) in each case, with an original maturity of greater than 365 
days; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of 50 per cent. of the share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove the 
majority of the members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated (using the proportional integration method) with those of 
the first Person; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro;  
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended. 
(a) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions:

--- Page 83 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 83 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
 (i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Book-Entry Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
references to Book-entry Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance 
with the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Book-entry 
Notes; and 
(v) 
any reference to the Fiscal Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the 
Issue Date of the Book-entry Notes. 
3 
Form, Denomination and Title 
3.1 
Form and denomination 
The Book-entry Notes will be issued in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en 
cuenta) in the aggregate nominal amount (the "Aggregate Nominal Amount"), specified denomination 
(the "Specified Denomination") and specified currency (the "Specified Currency") shown in the 
relevant Final Terms provided that the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Book-entry Notes). 
3.2 
Registration, clearing and settlement 
The Book-entry Notes will be registered with the Spanish Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de 
Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal ("Iberclear"), which is the Spanish 
Central Securities Depository, with its registered office at Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 28014, Madrid, Spain. 
Holders of a beneficial interest in the Book-entry Notes who do not have, directly or indirectly through 
their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear may hold the Book-entry Notes through bridge 
accounts maintained by each of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") with Iberclear. Iberclear will manage the settlement of the Book-entry 
Notes, notwithstanding the Issuer’s commitment to assist, when appropriate, on the settlement of the 
Book-entry Notes through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The information concerning the International Securities Identification Number Code of the Book-entry 
Notes (the "ISIN") will be stated in the Final Terms. 
3.3 
Title and transfer 
Title to the Book-entry Notes will be evidenced by book-entries and each person shown in the central 
registry managed (the "Spanish Central Registry") by Iberclear and in the registries maintained by the 
respective participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear (the "Iberclear Members") as 
being the holder of the Book-entry Notes shall be considered the holder of the principal amount of the 
Book-entry Notes recorded therein. In these Book-entry Conditions, the "Holder" of a Book-entry Note 
means the person in whose name such Book-entry Note is for the time being registered in the Spanish 
Central Registry managed by Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member accounting 
book and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly and when appropriate, means owners of a 
beneficial interest in the Book-entry Notes.  
One or more certificates (each, a "Certificate") attesting to the relevant Noteholder’s holding of the 
Book-entry Notes in the relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Member or, where 
the Holder is itself an Iberclear Member, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with the requirements

--- Page 84 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 84 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
of Spanish law and the relevant Iberclear Member’s or, as the case may be, Iberclear’s procedures) to 
such Holder upon such Holder’s request. 
The Book-entry Notes are issued without any restrictions on their free transferability. Consequently, the 
Book-entry Notes may be transferred and title to the Book-entry Notes may pass (subject to Spanish law 
and to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of Iberclear or, as the case may 
be, the relevant Iberclear Member) upon registration in the relevant registry of each Iberclear Member 
and / or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Holder will be (except as otherwise required by Spanish law) 
treated as the legitimate owner (titular legítimo) of the relevant Book-entry Notes for all purposes 
(whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest or any writing 
on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect of it) and no person will be liable for so treating 
the Holder. 
4 
Status of the Book-entry Notes and Guarantee 
The restated text of the Insolvency Law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (the 
"Insolvency Law") provides, among other things, that:  
(i) 
any claim may become subordinated if it is not reported to the insolvency administrators within 
one month from the last official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency. If the 
insolvency proceeding is declared as abridged, the term to report may be reduced to fifteen days; 
(ii) 
provisions in a contract granting one party the right to terminate by reason only of the other's 
insolvency may not be enforceable; 
(iii) 
interest (other than any interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the 
value of the assets subject to the security) accrued and unpaid until the declaration of the 
insolvency proceedings (concurso de acreedores) shall become subordinated; and 
(iv) 
accrual of interest (other than ordinary interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount 
equal to the value of the asset subject to the security and only if certain conditions are met) shall 
be suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency. 
(a) 
Status of the Book-entry Notes: 
The Book-entry Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer which (unless 
they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law) in the event of the 
insolvency (concurso de acreedores) of the Issuer will at all times rank pari passu among 
themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that 
are both mandatory and of general application, and in particular, save for such payment obligations 
that are preferred by law under Articles 242, 270 and 280 of the Insolvency Law. 
In the event of the insolvency (concurso de acreedores) of the Issuer, under the Insolvency Law, 
and assuming that the Book-entry Notes continue being unsecured, claims relating to the Book-
entry Notes (unless they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law) 
will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits 
rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a 
privilege (créditos privilegiados). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits. Accrued and 
unpaid interest due in respect of the Book-entry Notes at the commencement of an insolvency 
proceeding (concurso de acreedores) of the Issuer will qualify as subordinated credits. Under 
Spanish law and except as described above, accrual of interest on the Book-entry Notes shall be 
suspended from the date of any declaration of insolvency.

--- Page 85 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 85 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The Guarantors have in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the 
due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
Book-entry Notes. 
This Guarantee of the Book-entry Notes constitutes direct, general, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Guarantors which 
(unless they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law) in the event 
of the insolvency (concurso de acreedores) of the Guarantors will at all times rank at least pari 
passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantors, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both 
mandatory and of general application, and in particular, save for such payment obligations that are 
preferred by law under Articles 242, 270 and 280 of the Insolvency Law. 
5 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors shall create or permit to 
subsist any Security Interest (other than Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its 
present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (i) at the same time or prior thereto securing 
the Book-entry Notes equally and rateably therewith, or (ii) providing such other security for the Book-
entry Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
Permitted Security Interest means: (i) any Security Interest created in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness 
of a company which has merged with the Issuer, any of the Guarantors or one of its or their Subsidiaries 
or which has been acquired by the Issuer, any of the Guarantors or one of its or their Subsidiaries, provided 
that such security was already in existence at the time of the merger or the acquisition, was not created for 
the purpose of financing the merger or the acquisition and is not increased in amount and not extended 
following the merger or the acquisition; and (ii) any Security Interest arising pursuant to any mandatory 
provision of law other than as a result of any action taken by the Issuer or any of the Guarantors in their 
ordinary course of business. 
6 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Book-entry Notes 
only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Book-entry Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Book-entry Notes up to such seventh day (except 
to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 86 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 86 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
7 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Book-entry 
Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Book-entry Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date 
at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as 
before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Book-entry Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Book-entry Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Book-
entry Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Relevant Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Relevant Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and

--- Page 87 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 87 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided however that if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Book-entry Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Book-
entry Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Book-entry Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant 
ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions (provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the 
Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any 
reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the relevant 
ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its 
discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee) and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is 
a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 88 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 88 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is 
the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Overnight Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be 
applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in

--- Page 89 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 89 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date.  
(iii) 
If the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be 
replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate".  
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
 For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
365
𝑑
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in:

--- Page 90 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 90 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including , the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London 
Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" 
(as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms  or if no such period is specified, five 
London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the London Banking Day falling "p " London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i".  
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking

--- Page 91 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 91 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day 
will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to 
Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing 
at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day and (B) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), or (b) if this is more recent, 
the latest determined rate under (A). 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(e), the 
Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula 
and other provisions set out in this Condition 7(f). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday.  For this 
reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula 
and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government

--- Page 92 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 92 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR 
used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then 
the provisions under Condition 7(f)(iv) below will apply.  
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised 
or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 360
𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and

--- Page 93 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 93 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such 
period is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 7(f)(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not 
so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates.  In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to 
this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or

--- Page 94 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 94 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision 
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(a) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(b) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(c) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes 
or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the 
calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(b) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(c) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and 
(B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:  
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark

--- Page 95 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 95 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably 
necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof):  
(a) 
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of 
the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); or  
(b) 
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if 
the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the

--- Page 96 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 96 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under 
Condition 7(f)(iv) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Local Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 7(f); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement 
and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(vi) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(f), the 
Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being "€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR 
plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula

--- Page 97 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 97 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement 
Day as provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, 
if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET 
Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance 
with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank 
or the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period;

--- Page 98 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 98 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such 
period is specified, five TARGET Business Days. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), if, where any Rate of Interest 
is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(g)(ii) above, in respect of any TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be 
determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then 
the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR 
reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which 
€STR reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(g)(v), 
the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination) 
This Condition 7(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the 
relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where:

--- Page 99 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 99 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of 
Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of 
the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, 
and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth 
decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in 
the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards);  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise 
specified shall be five;  
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 
10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the 
Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published at 15:00 
(New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) 
on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number 
of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded 
Index, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant 
Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR 
(as defined in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f), as applicable) had been specified instead in the 
Final Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Shift Period for the purposes of that 
definition in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f) (as applicable) shall be deemed to be the same as 
the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily 
SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, the provisions 
of Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply. 
(i) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the

--- Page 100 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 100 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(k) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. 
The relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(l) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Local Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Book-entry Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the 
foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish 
only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination. 
(m) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantors, the Paying Agents, the Local Paying Agent, the Noteholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(n) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
Note for which the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR", if 
a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by reference to such 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with this Condition 7(n)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any (in accordance with this Condition 7(n)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with this Condition 7(n)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 7(n).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 7(n) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the immediately following Interest Period shall be the Reference 
Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(n) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any 
subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(n).  
If the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that:  
(A)  
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in this Condition 7(n)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all

--- Page 101 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 101 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(n) in 
the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(n) subsequently be used in 
place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately 
following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(n) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Alternative Rate.  
If the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(n) and the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition this 7(n), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent and the Local Paying Agent shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 
7(n)).  
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(n) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Local Paying Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
 confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any 
relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 7(n); and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Local Paying Agent the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(n), neither the Calculation Agent nor the 
Local Paying Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this 
Condition 7(n), which, in the sole and reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent or the Local Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent

--- Page 102 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 102 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
or the Local Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and/or these 
Conditions.  
As used in this Condition 7(n):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or    
(C)  
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(n) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the Specified Currency.  
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in this Condition 7(n). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
A. 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as 
a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
B. 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date 
(the "Specified Future Date"); or  
C. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
D. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Book-entry 
Notes; or 
E. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by a 
specified future date (the "Specified Future Date") be no longer representative of an 
underlying market; or

--- Page 103 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 103 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
F. 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified 
Future Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under this Condition 7(n). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Book-entry 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 9 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Book-entry Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to 
the date fixed for redemption, if, immediately before giving such notice: 
(A) 
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Book-entry Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot 
be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(B) 
(1) the Guarantors have or (if a demand was made under the Guarantee of the Book-entry 
Notes) would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof

--- Page 104 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 104 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Book-entry Notes and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the 
Guarantors taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Book-entry Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer or the Guarantors would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Book-entry Notes were then due or (as the case 
may be) a demand under the Guarantee of the Book-entry Notes were then made; or 
(2) 
where the Book-entry Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which 
the Issuer or the Guarantors would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Book-entry Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand under 
the Guarantee of the Book-entry Notes were then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed by two directors 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
or (as the case may be) either of the Guarantors has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred 
to in this Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Book-entry Notes in accordance with this Condition 8(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Book-entry Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole 
or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at 
the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the 
Book-entry Notes or, as the case may be, the amount specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest 
(if any) to such date).  
If the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) specified in the relevant Final Terms is the "Make-
Whole Amount", the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will be the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Book-entry Notes to be 
redeemed; and  
(b) 
the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Book-entry 
Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Book-entry Notes 
(exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of 
redemption on an annual basis at (i) the Reference Note Rate plus the Redemption 
Margin; or (ii) the Discount Rate, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Make-whole Exemption Period is specified as applicable and the 
Issuer gives notice to redeem the Book-entry Notes during the Make-whole Exemption 
Period, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will be 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Book-entry Notes to be redeemed. 
All Book-entry Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 8(c). 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Book-entry Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and

--- Page 105 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 105 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing 
market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority requirements.  
In this Condition 8(c), as applicable: 
"Discount Rate" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"FA Selected Note" means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Book-entry 
Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as 
the Book-entry Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Book-entry 
Notes.º 
"Financial Adviser" means the entity so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified or such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor. 
"Make-whole Exemption Period" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Redemption Margin" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier 
than the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice. 
"Reference Government Note Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantors, or their affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate note issues. 
"Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Note Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Note (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference 
Government Note Dealer.  
"Reference Note" shall be the note so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified 
or if no longer available, the FA Selected Note. 
"Reference Note Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations; or (b) if the Financial 
Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
"Reference Note Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Note, assuming a price for the Reference Note 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Note Price for such date 
of redemption. 
"Remaining Term Interest" means with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is 
to be redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Book-entry Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 8(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), the Book-entry Notes to be redeemed shall be listed, on a pro rata basis by use of a pool 
factor.

--- Page 106 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 106 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order 
to exercise the option contained in this Condition 8(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deliver a duly completed Put Option Notice 
in the form obtainable from the Local Paying Agent at its registered office which will, in turn, 
forward the Put Option Notice to the Issuer. The Local Paying Agent shall deliver a duly competed 
notice receipt to the relevant Holder. No such notice, once delivered in accordance with this 
Condition 10(e) may be withdrawn. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event (as defined 
below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase 
Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), redeem or purchase 
(or procure the purchase of), at its option, the Book-entry Notes comprising the relevant Series in 
whole, but not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their 
principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption or purchase. 
All Book-entry Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
A "Substantial Purchase Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 80 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Book-entry Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which 
for these purposes shall include any further Book-entry Notes of the same Series issued 
subsequently) is purchased by the Issuer or Guarantors or any of their subsidiaries (and in each 
case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 8(j). 
(g) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption (the "Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date")), at its option, 
redeem the Book-entry Notes comprising the relevant Series, in whole but not in part, at their 
principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect 
of Book-entry Notes having a maturity of not more than 10 years or (ii) six months before the 
Maturity Date in respect of Book-entry Notes having a maturity of more than ten years. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity 
of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Book-entry Notes. 
All Book-entry Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Book-entry Notes otherwise 
than as provided in paragraphs (a) to (g) above. 
(i) 
Purchase: The Issuer, the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time 
purchase Book-entry Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price,. Such Book-entry 
Notes may be held or resold at the option of the Guarantors or their respective Subsidiaries. Book-
entry Notes purchased by the Issuer must be redeemed. The Guarantors or their respective 
Subsidiaries may sell such Book-entry Notes to the Issuer. In such case the Issuer must redeem 
such notes. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Book-entry Notes so redeemed by the Issuer shall be cancelled.

--- Page 107 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 107 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
9 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal and interest: Payments in respect of the Book-entry Notes (in terms of both principal and 
interest) will be made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Holder maintained by 
or on behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in a city in which banks have access to the 
T2 system, details of which appear in the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Iberclear Member at close of business on the day immediately preceding the Business Day on 
which the payment of principal or interest, as the case may be, falls due. Holders must rely on the 
procedures of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member to receive payments 
under the relevant Book-entry Notes. None of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Local Paying Agent 
or, if applicable, any of the Dealers will have any responsibility or liability for the records relating 
to payments made in respect of the Book-entry Notes. 
 (b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws 
and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 10 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is 
not a Payment Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until 
the next succeeding Payment Business Day in and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of any such delay. 
10 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Book-entry Notes by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Guarantors shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the 
Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantors shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
in respect of any Note: 
(i) 
held by, or on behalf of, a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of its having some connection 
with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note; 
or 
(ii) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or 
deduction by making a declaration concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the 
holder (or providing information, documentation or other evidence of the same) or other 
similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority or to (or on behalf of) the Issuer, 
where such declaration or claim is upon request required or imposed by the Spanish tax 
authorities; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if the Issuer or the Guarantors do not receive 
in a timely manner certain information about the Book-entry Notes of such holder as it is 
required by the applicable Spanish tax laws and regulations, including a duly executed and 
completed certificate, pursuant to Law 10/2014 of 26 June, and Royal Decree 1065/2007 
of 27 July; or

--- Page 108 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 108 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(iv) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the holder of such Note would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
such Note for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If any of the Issuer or the Guarantors become subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of 
Spain shall be construed as references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
11 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer (and each of the Guarantors under the Deed of Guarantee) fails to pay 
any amount of principal in respect of the Book-entry Notes (or in respect of the Deed of Guarantee) 
within fourteen days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in 
respect of the Book-entry Notes (or in respect of the Deed of Guarantee) within twenty one days 
of the due date for payment thereof; or 
 (b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or either of the Guarantors defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Book-entry Notes or the Deed 
of Guarantee and such default remains unremedied for 60 days after written notice thereof to the 
Issuer and the Guarantors; or 
(c)  
Cross-default of Issuer or Guarantors: 
(i) 
any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the either of the Guarantors is not paid when 
due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any amounts of principal or interest in respect of such Relevant Indebtedness becomes (or 
becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise 
than at the option of the Issuer or either of the Guarantors (as the case may be) or (provided 
that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such 
Indebtedness; or 
 (iii) 
the Issuer or either of the Guarantors fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-
paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph 
(iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); or 
(d)  
Enforcement proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution, or other legal process is levied, 
enforced or sued out, on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the 
Group and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or 
(e)  
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer 
is appointed, of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Group; 
or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer or either of the Guarantors becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or either of the Guarantors 
or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or either of 
the Guarantors is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer or 
either of the Guarantors takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations 
or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness given by it or (iv) the Issuer or either of the Guarantors ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on all or any substantial part of its business (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant 
to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or (v) an order is made or an 
effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or either

--- Page 109 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 109 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
of the Guarantors (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(g)  
Failure to take action etc: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled 
or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantors lawfully to enter into, exercise their 
respective rights and perform and comply with their respective obligations under and in respect of 
the Book-entry Notes (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable 
and (iii) to make the Book-entry Notes and the Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts of 
the Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done by the Issuer or the Guarantors (as applicable); 
or 
(h)  
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or either of the Guarantors to perform 
or comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Book-entry Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee; or 
(i)  
Guarantee not in force: the Guarantee of the Book-entry Notes is not (or is claimed by either of 
the Guarantors not to be) in full force and effect; or 
then any Noteholder of the relevant Series in respect of such Book-entry Notes may, by written notice to 
the Issuer and the Guarantors, declare that such Book-entry Notes or Note (as the case may be) and all 
interest then accrued but unpaid on such Book-entry Notes or Note (as the case may be) shall be forthwith 
due and payable, whereupon the same shall (to the extent permitted by applicable Spanish law) become 
immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount, together with all interest accrued thereon 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly 
waive, anything contained in such Book-entry Notes to the contrary. 
12 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless made within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
Claims for interest shall become void unless made within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13 
Agents 
In acting under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and in connection with the Book-entry Notes and the 
Coupons, the Paying Agents and the Local Paying Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of 
the Noteholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and the Local Paying Agent and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. 
The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantors 
reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and of the Local 
Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor 
paying agents; provided however that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantors shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Book-entry Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of 
a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall maintain a Paying 
Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents, of the Local Paying Agent or in their Specified Offices 
shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
14 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Book-entry Notes, including the

--- Page 110 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 110 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
modification of any provision of these Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (acting together) and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Book-entry Notes.  The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution 
will be two or more persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Book-entry Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Book-entry Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons 
holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Book-entry Notes form a quorum.  Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders 
and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification:  The Book-entry Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of 
Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct 
a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Fiscal Agency Agreement may agree to modify 
any provision thereof, but the Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made 
to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
15 
Substitution 
Each of the Guarantors or any of their Subsidiaries (as defined below) (each a "Substitute Obligor") may, 
without the consent of the Holders of any Book-entry Notes, Receipts or Coupons, assume the obligations 
of the Issuer (or any previous Substitute Obligor) under and in respect of any Book-entry Notes upon: 
(a)  
Deed poll: the execution of a deed poll (the "Deed Poll") by the Substitute Obligor and (if the 
Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors) the Guarantors (or by such of the Guarantors as 
is not the Substitute Obligor) in a form which gives full effect to such assumption and which 
includes (without limitation): 
(i)  
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor in favour of the Holders of the Book-entry Notes to 
be bound by these Terms and Conditions, the Book-entry Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons, the Deed of Covenant and the Fiscal Agency Agreement, with any consequential 
amendments, as if it had been named herein and therein as the principal debtor in place of 
the Issuer, and such other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) in order for the 
substitution to be fully effective and for the Substitute Guarantor to be bound by all of the 
Issuer's obligations; 
(ii)  
a warranty and representation (A) that the Substituted Obligor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for such substitution and 
for the performance by the Substituted Obligor of its obligations under the Deed Poll and 
under any other documents required to give full effect to the substitution, (B) that all such 
approvals and consents are in full force and effect, and (C) that the obligations assumed 
by the Substituted Obligor are valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms 
and enforceable by each Holder of the Book-entry Notes; and 
(iii)  
a covenant by the Substitute Obligor and (if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the 
Guarantors) each of the Guarantors (or by such of the Guarantors as is not the Substitute 
Obligor) to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder against all taxes or duties which 
arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable 
contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be 
incurred or levied against such Holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this

--- Page 111 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 111 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Condition 16 (Substitution) and which would not have been so incurred or levied had such 
substitution not been made (and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any and 
all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Holder by any political sub-division or 
taxing authority of any country in which such Holder resides or is subject to any such tax 
or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made); 
and 
(iv)  
an acknowledgment of the right of all Holders of the Book-entry Notes to the production 
of the Deed Poll. 
(b)  
Deed of Guarantee: if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors, the execution of a 
deed of guarantee (the "Substitute Guarantee" hereinafter for the purpose of this Condition 16 
(Substitution) only) by each of the Guarantors (or by such of the Guarantors as is not the Substitute 
Obligor) on substantially the same terms as the Deed of Guarantee pursuant to which it undertakes 
to guarantee the performance of the obligations of the Substitute Obligor under the Deed Poll, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Book-entry Notes and any other documents required to give full 
effect to the substitution. 
(c)  
Legal opinion: the delivery by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that: 
(i)  
the Deed Poll constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute 
Obligor and, if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors, the Guarantors (or 
by such of the Guarantors as is not the Substitute Obligor); 
(ii)  
the Book-entry Notes constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute Obligor; and 
(iii)  
if the Substitute Obligor is not either of the Guarantors, the Substitute Guarantee 
constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Guarantors in respect 
of all sums from time to time payable by the Substitute Obligor in respect of the Book-
entry Notes. 
(d) 
Taxation: where the Substitute Obligor is subject to a different taxing jurisdiction (the 
"Substituted Territory") than that to which the Issuer is subject generally (the "Issuer's 
Territory"), the Substituted Obligor will give an undertaking in terms corresponding to Condition 
10 (Taxation) with the substitution for the reference in that Condition to the Issuer's Territory of 
references to the Substituted Territory; 
(e) 
Ratings: an undertaking to the Holders to provide a written confirmation by two internationally 
recognised rating agencies that the substitution of the Substituted Obligor will not result in a 
downgrading of the then current credit rating of such rating agencies applicable to the class of debt 
represented by the Book-entry Notes; 
(f) 
Release of Issuer: Not later than fourteen days after the execution of any such documents as 
aforesaid in paragraph (a), the Substituted Obligor shall cause notice thereof to be given to the 
Noteholders; and 
(g)  
Completion of substitution: Upon the execution of such documents and compliance with the 
requirements stated in this Condition 16 (Substitution), the Substituted Obligor will be deemed to 
be named in these Terms and Conditions, the Book-entry Notes, Receipts and Coupons as if it had 
been named herein and therein as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute under this Condition 16 (Substitution)) and the Book-entry Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons will be deemed to be amended in such manner as necessary to give effect to the 
substitution and any references in the Book-entry Notes, Receipts and Coupons to the Issuer will 
be references to the Substituted Obligor. 
16 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further Book-entry Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Book-entry Notes in all

--- Page 112 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 112 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the 
Book-entry Notes. 
17 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders will be published in the official bulletin of AIAF (Boletín Diario de AIAF 
Mercado de Renta Fija) and, where applicable, through the filing by the Issuer of an inside information or 
other relevant information notice (comunicación de información privilegiada u otra información relevante) 
with the CNMV. If the Book-entry Notes are also listed in other European regulated market, notices to 
Noteholders will be published in accordance with the requirements of such regulated market. Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication. In addition, all notices to 
Noteholders shall also be made through Iberclear to their respective accountholders. 
18 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Book-entry Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Book-entry Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of 
such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for 
such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the 
rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the 
first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, 
of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
19 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards. 
20 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The formalities relating to the issue of the Book-entry Notes, their legal nature 
(obligaciones), the form, denomination, title and transfer of the Notes (Condition 3 (Form, 
Denomination and Title)), the status of the Book-entry Notes and the status of the Guarantee of the 
Book-entry Notes (Condition 4 (Status of the Book-entry Notes and Guarantee)), the capacity of 
the Issuer and of the Guarantors, the relevant corporate resolutions and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with any of the above shall be governed by Spanish law. 
Subject as provided above, the terms and conditions of the Book-entry Notes, the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and all non-contractual obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Book-entry Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and Deed of Covenant are 
governed by English law.  
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising from 
or connected with the Book-entry Notes (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or 
termination of the Book-entry Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in 
connection with the Book-entry Notes) or the consequences of their nullity (a "Dispute").

--- Page 113 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 113 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, 
EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any 
address of the Issuer in England and Wales at which process may be served on it. If such person is 
not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in England to accept service of 
process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled 
to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to 
Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 114 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 114 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BEARER NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Bearer Notes, to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part 
of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II.   Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565  as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 , where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014  as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules")  is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (the "SFA"), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes 
are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018.]

--- Page 115 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 115 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
RED ELÉCTRICA FINANCIACIONES, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL 
(LEI: 9598006P00EGK6U2SG18) 
Issue of [•] 
Guaranteed by 
[REDEIA CORPORACIÓN, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA] 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain)  
[RED ELÉCTRICA DE ESPAÑA, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL] 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
under the 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 13 June 2024 [and supplement(s) to it dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and 
must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [date] Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [3 June 2014]/[3 June 2015]/ [2 June 2017] /[4 June 2019]/[4 
June 2020]/[13 June 2023] which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated 13 June 2024. These Final 
Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [insert 
date] [and the Prospectus Supplement dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth 
in the base prospectus dated [3 June 2014]/[3 June 2015]/ [2 June 2017] /[4 June 2019]/[4 June 2020]/[13 June 
2023] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus 
[and the Prospectus Supplement] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) and [at the Issuer's website at www.redeia.com] and copies may be obtained from 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A. at 2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, L-1115 Luxembourg. 
1.  
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[    ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number:] 
[    ]

--- Page 116 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 116 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [ ] on [[ ]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 21 below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [ ]].] 
2.  
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ] 
3.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[    ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[    ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[    ]] 
4.  
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date (if applicable)]] 
5.  
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ]  
(Minimum denominations of EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent if denominated in another currency) 
required when Notes are admitted to trading on a  
regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of 
the Economic Area in circumstances which require 
the publication of a base prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[    ] 
6.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[    ]/Issue Date] 
7.  
Maturity Date: 
[    ] 
8.  
Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STR][Specify 
other]] +/– [ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
9.  
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [[  ]/[100]] per cent. of their nominal 
amount.

--- Page 117 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 117 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(N.B. Redemption amount cannot be less than 100 
per cent.) 
10.  
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraph 14 below and 
identify there]/[Not Applicable] 
11.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor 
Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option]  
[Not Applicable][See paragraph [15/16/17/18] 
below] 
 
12.  
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of 
Notes 
[and 
Guarantee] 
[respectively]] obtained: 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively]/[Not Applicable] 
[(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
i. 
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
  
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
ii. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[ 
 
 
 
] 
in 
each 
year 
 
 
iii. 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
 
iv. 
Broken Amount(s): 
[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
v. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
 
vi. 
[Determination Dates: 
[   ] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.  N.B. Only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))]

--- Page 118 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 118 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
14.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
i. 
Specified Period: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
 
ii. 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
 
iii. 
[First 
Interest 
Payment 
Date]: 
[ ] 
 
iv. 
Business Day Convention: 
[FRN 
Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Business Day 
Convention Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
No Adjustment] 
 
 
v. 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
vi. 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
vii. 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[[ ] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
[For an issue of Floating Rate Notes, the Calculation 
Agent cannot be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
as Fiscal Agent] 
 
viii. 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 119 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 119 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SONIA 
Compounded Index/SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
• 
Observation 
Method:  
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period:  
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period, 
unless 
otherwise 
agreed 
with 
the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D:  
[360/365/[ ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA 
Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place 
[•] [5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the 
SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal 
place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index) 
 
• 
Relevant Number of 
Index Days 
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ select where Interest Determination Date 
has the meaning specified in Condition 7(e), 7(f) or 
7(g) [•] [London Banking Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/TARGET Settlement 
Days] prior to each Interest Payment Date.]

--- Page 120 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 120 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
ix. 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(iv)] above and as specified in 
the ISDA Definitions]. 
 
• 
Compounding:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method:  
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  
[•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 121 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 121 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
 
• 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback:  [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout:  [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days:  [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift:  [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:  
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
x. 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]] 
 
xi. 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
xii. 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[    ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
xiii. 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[    ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
xiv. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual 
365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 122 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 122 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15.  
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
i. 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
ii. 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount of each Note/ [Make-
Whole Amount] 
 
iii. 
Make-Whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Reference Note: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Redemption Margin: 
[ ] 
 
(c) Financial Adviser: 
[ ] 
 
(d) Quotation Time: 
[ ] 
 
(e) Discount Rate: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(f) Make-whole 
Exemption 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [ ] to (but 
excluding) [ ]/the Maturity Date] 
 
iv. 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
v. 
Notice period: 
[    ] days/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 123 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 123 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
16.  
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
i. 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
ii. 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
each 
Note: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
 
iii. 
Notice period: 
[    ] days/[Not Applicable] 
17.  
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
18.  
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19.  
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[    ] / [Par] per Calculation Amount 
 
20.  
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[[ ] / [Par] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21.  
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]

--- Page 124 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 124 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
22.  
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
23.  
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[    ] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub paragraph 15(v) relates) 
24.  
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made.] 
25.  
[Temporary Commissioner:] 
[Insert name of temporary commissioner in case of 
fungible issuances, if applicable, otherwise delete]

--- Page 125 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 125 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).  [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the 
Guarantor(s)] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of the Redeia Corporación, Sociedad Anónima: 
By: 
............................................. 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of the Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 126 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 126 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[  ].]  [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.]  
 
(ii)  
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
with effect from [  ].]  [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on [   ] with effect from [    ].]   
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[    ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have not been/are not 
expected to be rated]]/ [The Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: 
 
 
[S & P: [ ]] 
[Moody's: [ ]] 
[Fitch: [ ]] 
[[Other]: [ ]] 
[The meaning of such ratings is [insert description]] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation").  [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of

--- Page 127 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 127 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation ").]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
[relevant competent authority] /[European Securities 
and Markets Authority].  [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "CRA Regulation 
(UK)").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ( the "CRA Regulation (UK)") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
is neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of

--- Page 128 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 128 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK 
CRA Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
( 
the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation").  [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA].  [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to

--- Page 129 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 129 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
( 
the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"]. 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") 
or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation." 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the statement below.) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor(s)] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[  
]

--- Page 130 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 130 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
5. 
Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates can be obtained from 
[[Reuters]/[Not Applicable]] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[  
] 
 
Common Code: 
[  
] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[ ] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]

--- Page 131 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 131 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable] 
8. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS 
Use of proceeds:   
[  ] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base 
Prospectus/Green Notes] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
9. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/ [Not Applicable]

--- Page 132 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 132 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BOOK-ENTRY NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Book-entry Notes, to reflect 
the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II.   Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565  as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 , where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014  as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules")  is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (the "SFA"), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes 
are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018.]

--- Page 133 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 133 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
RED ELÉCTRICA FINANCIACIONES, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL 
(LEI: 9598006P00EGK6U2SG18) 
Issue of [•] 
Guaranteed by 
[REDEIA CORPORACIÓN, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA] 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain)  
[RED ELÉCTRICA DE ESPAÑA, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL] 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
under the 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions of the Book-entry 
Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 13 June 2024 [and supplement(s) to it dated [•]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain 
the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus.] 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus 
[and the Prospectus Supplement] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) and [at the Issuer's website at www.redeia.com] and copies may be obtained from 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A. at 2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, L-1115 Luxembourg. 
1.  [(i) 
Series Number:] 
[    ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number:] 
[    ] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [ ] on [ ]/the Issue Date]. 
2.  Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ] 
3.  Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[    ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[    ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[    ]]

--- Page 134 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 134 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
 
[(iii) 
Number of Notes: 
[    ]] 
4.  Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date (if applicable)]] 
5.  (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ]  
(Minimum denominations of EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent if denominated in another currency) 
required when Notes are admitted to trading on a  
regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of 
the Economic Area in circumstances which require 
the publication of a base prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[    ] 
6.  (i) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[    ]/Issue Date] 
7.  Maturity Date: 
[    ] 
8.  Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[ ] month [EURIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STR] 
[Specify other]] +/– [ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
9.  Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [[  ]/[100]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount.  
(N.B. Redemption amount cannot be less than 100 
per cent.) 
10.  Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraph 14 below and 
identify there]/[Not Applicable] 
11.  Put/Call Options: 
[Investor 
Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option]  
[Not Applicable][See paragraph [15/16/17/18] 
below]

--- Page 135 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 135 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
12.  [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes [and Guarantee] [respectively]] 
obtained: 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively]/[Not Applicable] 
[(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13.  Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
i. 
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
 
 
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
ii. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[ 
 
 
 
] 
in 
each 
year 
 
 
iii. 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
 
iv. 
Broken Amount(s): 
[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
v. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
 
vi. 
[Determination Dates: 
[   ] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.  N.B. 
Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
14.  Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
i. 
Specified Period: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather 
than Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
 
ii. 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate

--- Page 136 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 136 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
 
 
iii. 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[ ] 
 
iv. 
Business Day Convention: 
[FRN 
Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Business Day 
Convention Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
No Adjustment] 
 
 
v. 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
vi. 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
vii. 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[[ ] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
[For an issue of Floating Rate Notes, the Calculation 
Agent cannot be Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as Fiscal Agent] 
 
viii. 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SONIA 
Compounded Index/SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
• 
Observation 
Method:  
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period:  
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period, 
unless 
otherwise 
agreed 
with 
the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable]

--- Page 137 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 137 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D:  
[360/365/[ ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA 
Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place 
[•] [5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the 
SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal 
place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index) 
 
• 
Relevant Number of 
Index Days 
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ select where Interest Determination Date 
has the meaning specified in Condition 7(e), 7(f) or 
7(g) [•] [London Banking Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/TARGET Settlement 
Days] prior to each Interest Payment Date.] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
ix. 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(iv)] above and as specified 
in the ISDA Definitions].

--- Page 138 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 138 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Compounding Method  [Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period  
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Averaging Method  
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 139 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 139 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
 
x. 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]] 
 
xi. 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
xii. 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[    ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
xiii. 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[    ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
xiv. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual 
365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15.  Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
i. 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
ii. 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount of each Note/ [Make-
Whole Amount] 
 
iii. 
Make-Whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Reference Note: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Redemption Margin: 
[ ] 
 
(c) Financial Adviser: 
[ ] 
 
(d) Quotation Time: 
[ ] 
 
(e) Discount Rate: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 140 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 140 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
 
(f) Make-whole 
Exemption 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [ ] to (but 
excluding) [ ]/the Maturity Date] 
 
iv. 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
v. 
Notice period: 
[    ] days/[Not Applicable] 
16.  Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
i. 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
ii. 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
each 
Note: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
 
iii. 
Notice period: 
[    ] days/[Not Applicable] 
17.  Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
18.  Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19.  Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[    ] / [Par] per Calculation Amount 
 
20.  Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[[ ] / [Par] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21.  Form of Notes: 
Book-entry notes (anotaciones en cuenta) 
22.  Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable]/[    ]

--- Page 141 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 141 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub paragraph 15(v) relates) 
23.  [Temporary Commissioner:] 
[Insert name of temporary commissioner in case of 
fungible issuances, if applicable, otherwise delete]

--- Page 142 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 142 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).  [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the 
Guarantor(s)] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of the Redeia Corporación, Sociedad Anónima: 
By: 
............................................. 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of the Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 143 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 143 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on [AIAF]]  
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[    ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have not been/are not 
expected to be rated]]/ [The Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: 
 
 
[S & P: [ ]] 
[Moody's: [ ]] 
[Fitch: [ ]] 
[[Other]: [ ]] 
[The meaning of such ratings is [insert description]] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation").  [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation 
").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue

--- Page 144 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 144 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation"), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the [relevant competent authority] 
/[European Securities and Markets Authority].  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ( the "CRA Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation (UK)").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "CRA Regulation 
(UK)") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
is neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK

--- Page 145 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 145 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
CRA Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
( 
the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
( 
the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation").  [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA].  [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union

--- Page 146 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 146 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
( 
the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation"]. 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") 
or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation." 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the statement below.) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor(s)] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[  
] 
5. 
Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates can be obtained from [[Reuters]/ [•] 
/ [Not Applicable]]

--- Page 147 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 147 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[  
] 
 
Common Code: 
[  
] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Iberclear and the relevant identification 
number(s):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[ ] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 148 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 148 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable] 
8. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS 
Use of proceeds:   
[  ] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base 
Prospectus/Green Notes] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
9. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/ [Not Applicable]

--- Page 149 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 149 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE BEARER NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In respect of the Bearer Notes, each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche 
of Notes represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are 
references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary 
or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must look solely to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer or the Guarantors to the bearer of such Global 
Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in 
which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time 
to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim 
directly against the Issuer or the Guarantors in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of 
the Issuer and the Guarantors will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note; 
or 
(b) in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global Note 
in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(i) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; 
or 
(ii) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(c) a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not

--- Page 150 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 150 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the 
case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under a deed of covenant dated 13 June 2022 (the "Deed of 
Covenant") executed by the Issuer). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been 
entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive 
Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer of 
a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; 
or 
(b) a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant. Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Note 
will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply to 
the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an 
NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day : In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is euro, any day which 
is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings

--- Page 151 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 151 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8(e) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise 
to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. 
Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the 
Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at 
their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the 
Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common 
safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
such notices shall be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).

--- Page 152 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 152 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
SUMMARY OF CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES APPLICABLE TO 
BOOK–ENTRY NOTES  
Below is a brief summary of the Spanish clearance and settlement procedures applicable to book-entry securities 
admitted to trading on AIAF such as the Book-entry Notes. 
The Spanish clearing, settlement and recording system of securities transactions allows the connection of the post-
trading Spanish systems to the European system T2 Securities. 
Iberclear  
Iberclear is the Spanish central securities depository in charge of both the register of securities held in book-entry 
form, and the settlement of all the trades from AIAF. To achieve this, Iberclear uses the technical platform named 
ARCO. 
Iberclear is owned by Bolsas y Mercados Españoles, Sociedad Holding de Mercados y Sistemas Financieros, 
S.A., a holding company, which fully owns each of the Spanish official secondary markets and settlement systems. 
The corporate address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad 1, 28014, Madrid, Spain.   
Iberclear Securities Registration System 
The securities recording system of Iberclear is a two tier level registry: the keeping of the central record 
corresponds to Iberclear and the keeping of the detail records correspond to the participating entities (entidades 
participantes) in Iberclear.  
Access to become a participating entity is restricted to (i) credit institutions, (ii) investment services companies 
which are authorised to render custody and administration of financial instruments, (iii) the Bank of Spain, (iv) 
the Spanish Public Administration and the Spanish General Treasury of the Social Security, (v) other duly 
authorised central securities depositories and central clearing counterparties and (vi) other public institutions and 
private entities when expressly authorised to become a participating entity in central securities depositories. 
The central registry managed by Iberclear reflects (i) one or several proprietary accounts which show the balances 
of the participating entities’ proprietary accounts; (ii) one or several general third-party accounts that will show 
the overall balances that the participating entities hold for third parties; (iii) individual accounts opened in the 
name of the owner, either individual or legal person; and (iv) individual special accounts of financial 
intermediaries which use the optional procedure of settlement of orders. Each participating entity, in turn, 
maintains the detail records of the owners of the securities or the shares held in their general third-party accounts. 
According to the above, Spanish law considers the owner of the securities to be: 
(i) 
the participating entity appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding the relevant securities in its own 
name; 
(ii) 
the investor appearing in the records of the participating entity as holding the securities; or 
(iii) 
the investor appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding securities in a segregated individual account. 
The settlement and book-entry registration platform managed by Iberclear, which operates under the trade name 
of ARCO, operates under a T+2 settlement standard, by which any transactions must be settled within two 
business days following the date on which the transaction was completed. 
To evidence title to securities, at the owner’s request the relevant participating entity must issue a legitimation 
certificate (certificado de legitimación). If the owner is a participating entity or a person holding securities in a 
segregated individual account, Iberclear is in charge of the issuance of the certificate regarding the securities held 
in their name. 
Iberclear Settlement of securities traded on the AIAF 
Iberclear and the participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear have the function of keeping the book-

--- Page 153 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 153 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
entry register of securities traded on the AIAF. 
Securities traded on the AIAF are fixed income securities, including corporate bonds (for example, medium term 
notes and mortgage bonds) and bonds issued by the Kingdom of Spain and Spanish regions, represented in a 
dematerialised form. 
In the AIAF settlement system, transactions may be settled spot, forward (settlement date more than five days 
after the relevant trade date), with a repurchase agreement on a fixed date and double or simultaneous transactions 
(two trades in opposite directions with different settlement dates). 
The settlement system used for securities admitted for trading on the AIAF is the Model 1 delivery versus payment 
system, as per the classification of the Bank for International Settlements: that is, it is a "transaction-to-
transaction" cash and securities settlement system with simultaneity in its finality. 
Transactions are settled on the stock-exchange business day agreed by participants at the moment of the trade. 
Euroclear and Clearstream 
Investors who do not have, directly or indirectly through their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear 
may hold their investment in the Notes through bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg with participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear.

--- Page 154 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 154 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Information about the Issuer 
The corporate name of the Issuer is "Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal". 
The Issuer is registered with the Mercantile Registry (Registro Mercantil) of Madrid, Spain, under Volume 26,804, 
Book 133, Section 8, Page M-483031, 1st registration entry. The Issuer holds Tax Identification Code number A-
85724052. The Issuer was incorporated for an indefinite time before Madrid Notary Public Mr. Manuel Rodriguez 
Marin on 17 June 2009 and operates under Spanish law. 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Redeia Corporación, Sociedad Anónima and was incorporated as a 
limited liability corporation (sociedad anónima) owned by one single shareholder (unipersonal), in accordance 
with Spanish law under Royal Legislative Decree 1564/1989, of 22 December 1989, approving the Spanish 
Corporations Law (Ley de Sociedades Anónimas), -abrogated by the Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010 of 2 July, 
which approves the Consolidated Text of Spanish Limited Liability Companies' Law (Real Decreto Legislativo 
1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital). 
The Issuer's registered offices are located at Paseo del Conde de los Gaitanes, 177, 28109 Alcobendas, Madrid, 
Spain, and its telephone number is + 34 91 6502012. 
The Issuer's share capital as at 31 December 2023 is €60,200 divided into six hundred and two (602) standard 
shares, each having a par value of one hundred euro (€100), numbered consecutively from no. 1 to no. 602 
inclusive, all of which are issued and fully paid-up. 
No recent events relating to the Issuer exist which are important for evaluating its solvency. 
Business Overview 
The Issuer's exclusive corporate purpose is the issuance of ordinary, subordinated, non-subordinated, or any other 
type of debt instruments, the allotment of preferred shares or issue of other hybrid security instruments, where 
applicable, for other companies in the Group. This purpose shall be implemented subject to compliance with 
applicable legal requirements in force at the relevant time. 
The Issuer is a finance vehicle established by Redeia Corporación, S.A. for the purpose of issuing notes and other 
financial instruments and on-lending the proceeds to the members of the Group. The Issuer is therefore dependent 
upon other members of the Group paying interest on and repaying their loans to the Issuer in a timely fashion.  
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
As at the approval date of the Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer are as follows:                     
Name of Director 
Position on Board 
 
Mr. Tomás José Gallego Arjiz 
Joint director 
Mr. Fernando Frías Montejo 
Joint director 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is Paseo Conde de los Gaitanes, 177, 28109 
Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain. 
Mr. Tomás José Gallego also acts as Manager of the Finance Area of Redeia and Mr. Fernando Frías Montejo is 
General Vice-Counsel and Non-Director Vice Secretary of the Board of Directors of Redeia Corporación, S.A. 
The directors of the Issuer have no principal activities performed by them outside the Group which are significant 
with respect to the Issuer. 
To the best of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' knowledge, as at the date of the Base Prospectus there are no 
potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the persons identified above to the Issuer and their private 
interests and/or other duties in accordance with the Spanish law.  
Financial Information concerning the Issuer's Assets and Liabilities 
Financial position

--- Page 155 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 155 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
The Issuer was incorporated on 17 June 2009 with no financial activity prior to this date. The audited non-
consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022 have been incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 156 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 156 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF REDEIA CORPORACIÓN, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA AND ITS CONSOLIDATED 
GROUP 
Introduction 
Redeia Corporación, Sociedad Anónima ("Redeia Corporación") is registered with the Mercantile Registry 
(Registro Mercantil) of Madrid, Spain, under Volume 214, Book 191, Sheet 38, Section 3, Page M-62853, 1st 
registration entry and operates under Spanish Law. Redeia Corporación holds Tax Identification Code number A-
78003662 and Legal Entity Identifier number 5493009HMD0C90GUV498. Redeia Corporación was incorporated 
for an indefinite time as a limited liability corporation (sociedad anónima), its registered office is at Paseo Conde 
de los Gaitanes, 177, 28109 Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain, and its telephone number is + 34 91 650 20 12. 
As parent company of the Group (described below), Redeia Corporación is listed on the Spanish stock market 
(Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock Exchanges) and it is included in the Ibex 35 selective index. The 
Spanish state industrial holding company, Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales ("SEPI"), is the main 
shareholder of Redeia Corporación, with a 20 per cent stake as at 31 December 2023, with the remaining 70.19 
per cent stake being free float. 
Redeia Corporación's share capital as at 31 December 2023 is EUR 270,540,000.  
The Group's website is www.redeia.com. For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
No recent events relating to Redeia Corporación that are important for evaluating its solvency have occurred. 
Business Overview 
Redeia Corporación's corporate purpose is:  
1. 
to hold, pursuant to the legislation in force from time to time, the capital stock of the company to which 
the functions of system operator and electricity transmission network manager and electricity transmitter 
correspond, pursuant to the provisions of Law 54/1997 of 27 November, on the Electricity Industry 
("Law 54/1997"); 
2. 
the management of its business group, constituting the holdings in the capital stock of the companies 
comprising it; 
3. 
the research, study and plan investment and corporate organization projects, as well as to promote, create 
and develop industrial, commercial or services enterprises; to research, develop and operate 
communications, information technologies and other new technologies in all respects; to provide 
assistance or support services to investees, for which purpose it may provide to those companies such 
guarantees and deposits as may be appropriate; 
4. 
the design, development, implementation and operation of services relating to the corporate information, 
management and organization specific to its activity; and 
5. 
all activities that are necessary for or enable its fulfilment, provided that they comply with the law.  
Background 
Red Eléctrica de España, Sociedad Anónima ("Red Eléctrica") was established for an indefinite time on 29 
January 1985, under Law 49/1984, of 26 December 1984. At the time, Red Eléctrica was the first company in the 
world exclusively dedicated to the transmission of electrical energy and the operation of electricity systems. 
Law 54/1997 introduced free competition in parts of the electricity sector. This law granted Red Eléctrica the 
functions of system operator, transmission grid manager, and principal carrier of the electricity system of Spain. 
Law 17/2007 came into force on 6 July 2007 and modified the Electrical Sector Law in accordance with European 
regulations ("Law 17/2007"). Red Eléctrica's role as operator and manager of the transmission grid was confirmed 
by granting it the function of sole transmission and system operator in Spain. This completed the consolidation of 
its position as Spanish Transmission System Operator ("TSO").

--- Page 157 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 157 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Law 17/2007 introduced various corporate changes in Red Eléctrica, including changes to its articles of 
association and a restructuring of the company. 
Red Eléctrica’s organisational structure was transformed into a holding structure to establish transparency and 
clear division between different regulated activities in Spain, such as the electricity system's transmission and 
operation. 
In order to comply with Law 17/2007's requirements, on 1 July 2008, Red Eléctrica changed its name to Redeia 
Corporación, Sociedad Anónima, transferring all aspects of the business dealing with the regulated activities 
carried out in Spain onto Red Eléctrica. The corporate head offices and properties not involved in the regulated 
activities, and any shareholdings in other entities not transferred to Red Eléctrica remain under the parent company, 
Redeia Corporación, S.A., owner of 100 per cent of Red Eléctrica's share capital. 
Law 54/1997 was substituted by Law 24/2013 of 26 December 2013, relating to the electricity sector ("Law 
24/2013"), which maintains Red Eléctrica's appointment as the sole transmission carrier, system operator and 
transmission grid manager. Law 24/2013 also maintains, given the non-derogation of the twenty-third additional 
disposition of Law 54/1997, Redeia Corporación's current corporate name and structure. 
Redeia or the Group 
Redeia Corporación is the parent company of Redeia. As of date of the Base Prospectus, the simplified corporate 
structure of the Group is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Under Law 24/2013, all of the provisions relating to the system operator and transmission network manager apply 
to Red Eléctrica and Redeia Corporación may not transfer its shares in Red Eléctrica to third parties as it carries 
out regulated activities. 
Business 
Redeia conducts its business and operations across three main divisions: (i) Management and operation of 
domestic electricity infrastructure; (ii) Management and operation of international electricity infrastructure; and 
(iii) Telecommunications. 
(i) 
Management and operation of domestic electricity infrastructure  
Redeia's principal activity is electricity transmission, system operation and management of the 
transmission network for the Spanish electricity system. These regulated activities are carried out through 
Red Eléctrica as TSO of the Spanish electricity system and they are described below in a specific section 
"Management of electric infrastructure in Spain ". 
In accordance with Law 24/2013, high voltage transmission of electricity consists in transmitting 
electricity and in constructing, maintaining and managing the facilities necessary to do so. The Group, 
Electricity activity in Spain 79 % 
 
Other activities 21 % 
100 % 
Management and operation of 
domestic electricity infrastructure 
Construction of Spain France  
interconnections 
50 % 
Red Eléctrica 
INELFE 
Telecommunications 
business (fibre optic & 
satellites) 
Energy storage in  
the Canary Islands 
Innovation, risk 
reinsurance 
and financing 
100 % 
51 % 
100 % 
100 % 
International 
Business 
89,68 % 
Redinter 
Reintel 
Hispasat 
Reincan 
Red Eléctrica  
Finance 
Red Eléctrica  
Financiaciones 
100 % 
Redesur  
(Perú) 
TESUR 
TESUR 2 
TESUR 3 
TESUR 4 
Red Eléctrica 
Andina-REA  
(Perú) 
Redelnor 
(Perú) 
CCNCM 
Red Eléctrica 
Chile 
50 % TEN 
50% COIESA 
70 % REDENOR 
REDENOR 2 
Red Eléctrica Brasil 
50 % ARGO ENERGÍA 
50 % ARGO I 
50 % ARGO II 
50 % ARGO III 
50 % ARGO IV 
31,25 % ARGEB 
31,25 % ARGO V-IX 
Elewit

--- Page 158 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 158 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
through Red Eléctrica, also operates the electricity systems serving the Spanish territory, including the 
mainland, islands and non-mainland electricity systems, to ensure the continuity and security of the 
electricity system.  
Moreover, in connection with the activity of TSO, the Group is involved in construction of energy storage 
facilities in non-mainland and isolated systems through Red Eléctrica Infraestructuras en Canarias, S.A.U. 
("REINCAN"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Redeia Corporación, incorporated on 17 September 2015. 
In addition, Red Eléctrica owns 50 per cent of the share capital of Interconexión Eléctrica Francia-España, 
S.A.A. ("INELFE") for development of the connection facilities with France, that will increase the 
electricity exchange capacity between the two countries. 
(ii) 
Management and operation of international electricity infrastructure  
Redeia's international business has been conducted through Red Eléctrica Internacional, S.A.U. 
("Redinter") and international operations have been concentrated in Peru, Chile and Brazil, with a minor 
presence in Portugal. Redeia holds a 100 per cent. interest in the share capital of Redinter. 
The start-up of operations in Peru, Chile and Brazil is the outcome of an ongoing analysis of business 
opportunities, and meets the Group’s criterion of undertaking investments in countries with a favourable 
economic situation and a stable regulatory framework that ensures an appropriate return on the 
investments. See the section entitled "Investments – International Transmission Investments". 
(iii) 
Telecommunications  
Redeia also provides telecommunications services to third parties through Redeia Infraestructuras de 
Telecomunicación, S.A.U. ("REINTEL"). Redeia holds 51 percent interest in the share capital of 
REINTEL. In 2018, Redeia Corporación incorporated Redeia Sistemas de Telecomunicaciones, S.A.U. 
("RESTEL") whose main corporate purpose is the acquisition, holding, management and administration 
of securities, being the most relevant investment the acquisition of the Spanish satellite operator Hispasat, 
S.A. (“Hispasat”) at the end of 2019. See the section entitled "Investments – Telecommunication 
Investments" below. 
In addition to the above-mentioned business divisions, the Group carries out activities through its subsidiaries 
aimed at financing its operations Redeia Financiaciones, S.L.U., and Red Eléctrica Financiaciones, S.A.U., and 
covers risks by reinsuring its assets and activities, Redcor Reaseguros, S.A. 
In 2019, Redeia Corporación incorporated Elewit, S.A.U. ("ELEWIT") to foster technological innovation. Since 
its incorporation, the Group has strengthened its position, under the Elewit brand, as the Group’s tech platform 
and transformation engine. Elewit drives innovation, entrepreneurship and technological development, which are 
the cornerstones of sustainability against a changing backdrop in both the energy and telecommunication sectors.  
Through Elewit, the Group harnesses the potential of technology to further the Group’s business and activity, as 
well as to explore new value-added business segments. 
In 2023, the Group generated revenues of EUR 2,064.1 million, representing a 2.4 per cent increase compared to 
the previous year (EUR 2,015.0 million in 2022) and achieved a consolidated profit for the year attributable to 
Redeia Corporación of EUR 689.6 million, representing a 3.7 per cent increase compared to the previous year 
(EUR 664.7 million in 2022).   
Investments 
Investment Plan 
In February 2021, the Group approved the 2021-2025 Strategic Plan. The strategy includes an investment plan of 
approximately EUR 5,000 million, of which EUR 3,900 million will be allocated to the transmission network and 
storage in Spain, promoting the energy transition, EUR 300 million will be allocated to international business, 
EUR 700 million will be allocated to telecommunications and EUR 100 million will be invested in other areas. 
Transmission network investments in Spain 
Investments on transmission activities will be directed mainly towards improving the security of supply and 
creating a sustainable energy model.

--- Page 159 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 159 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
The regulated activities are driven mainly by three lines of action: propelling the energy transition, market 
integration and the sustainability of the electricity system with a major technological component; search for 
efficiency, enabling the Group to maintain its position as an international benchmark; and the implementation of 
new regulated activities, such as storage of energy in the island systems as a tool to guarantee the security of the 
isolated non-mainland electricity systems.  
As system operator, Red Eléctrica is required by Law 24/2013 to participate in the development of the electricity 
infrastructure plan, whose aim is to guarantee security of supply in the long term and define the needs of the 
transmission grid under the principles of transparency and cost efficiency. 
International Transmission Investments 
The international business of Redeia is developed through Redinter, which manages international investments in 
transmission infrastructure and promotes new business opportunities internationally. Overall, the Group manages 
a network spanning 7,692 km in Peru, Chile and Brazil.  
Presence of Redinter in Peru, Chile and Brazil: 
 
 
Activity in Peru  
In Peru, Redinter operates electricity transmission infrastructure under a 30-year concession. It is the main 
transmission agent in the south of Peru and since 2019, following REDELNOR’s acquisition of Concesionaria 
Línea de Transmisión CCNMC S.A.C. ("CCNCM"), it has also operated in the north of the country. The network 
spans a total of 1,686 km of transmission lines.  
REDINTER currently has six concessions in operation at the companies Red Eléctrica del Sur S.A., Transmisora 
Eléctrica del Sur S.A.C., Transmisora Eléctrica del Sur 2 S.A.C., Transmisora Eléctrica del Sur 3 S.A.C., 
Transmisora Eléctrica del Sur 4 S.A.C. and CCNCM S.A.C., dedicated to the management and commercial 
operation of electricity transmission infrastructure. 
During 2023, average voltage levels remained within the limits set out in the Technical Standard for the Quality 
of Electricity Services, reaching a cumulative grid availability in 2023 of 99.7% at Red Eléctrica del Sur S.A., 
99.9% at Transmisora Eléctrica del Sur S.A.C., 99.9% at Transmisora Eléctrica del Sur 2 S.A.C, 99.9% at 
Transmisora Eléctrica del Sur 3 S.A.C., 100% at Transmisora Eléctrica del Sur 4 S.A.C. and 99.9% at CCNCM.

--- Page 160 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 160 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
As regards to REA, it continues to provide maintenance services for the concessions under operation of 
REDESUR, TESUR, TESUR2, TESUR3, TESUR4 and CCNMC. REA also carries out installation maintenance 
and site supervision for other clients, positioning it among the benchmark companies for such services in the south 
of Peru. 
Activity in Chile  
Redinter holds a 100 per cent interest in the share capital of Red Eléctrica Chile SpA ("RE Chile"), incorporated 
in November 2015 and its main activity is the acquisition, possession, administration, direction and management 
of the shares that the Group maintains in Chile. RE Chile in turn, has, 50 per cent of Transmisora Eléctrica del 
Norte, S.A. ("TEN"), the other being 50 per cent of the Chilean company, Engie Energia Chile, a subsidiary of 
Grupo ENGIE. RE Chile also has a 69.9 per cent stake in Red Eléctrica del Norte S.A. ("REDENOR") and 100 
per cent of Red Eléctrica del Norte 2 S.A. ("REDENOR2"). Overall, RE Chile operates 1,767 km of transmission 
lines, in commercial operation.  
TEN operates the 500 kV Changos - Cumbre - Nueva Cardones axis, which forms part of the National 
Transmission System, as well as the 220 kV Mejillones - Changos dedicated line. In 2023, TEN reported an 
availability factor for its facilities of 99.80%, surpassing prior years' availability.  
On 31 August 2023, the National Electricity Coordinator awarded the international public tender for expansion 
work envisioned in Exempt Decree No. 200/2022 to REDENOR; awarding the project to expand the 220 kV 
Nueva Pozo Almonte substation to Red Eléctrica del Norte S.A., which will therefore be tasked with carrying out 
the expansion project. Meanwhile, work is under way to expand the facilities envisaged in the Expansion Plan of 
Decree No. 198 for the Transmission System, with the upgraded facilities due to the commissioned at some point 
in the first half of 2024.  The transmission system availability rates through to 2023 are 99.92%.  
REDENOR2 continues to operate three transmission lines, as well as the new connection of a renewable energy 
facility (Sierra Gorda photovoltaic facility) to the interconnected system, which has been commercially 
operational since 27 February 2023. An EPC contract was signed in 2023 to carry out the work needed to connect 
the Minera Centinela District Project to the Centinela substation, which is owned by REDENOR2. It reported an 
availability factor for its transmission facilities of 99.84% in 2023. 
Activity in Brazil 
Redinter, through Red Eléctrica Brasil (“REBR”), alongside the Colombian company Grupo Energía Bogotá S.A. 
ESP holds a 50 per cent interest in the share capital of Brazilian holding company Argo Energía Empreendimentos 
e Participaçoes S.A. (“Argo Energía”), managing high voltage line concessions (500 kV and 230 kV) and 
electrical substations. The acquisition of these concessions has increased Argo Energia’s installed transmission 
capacity to 4,213 km and positioned it as a transmission leader in the market, with a strong presence in the north-
east of Brazil, one of the areas with the greatest potential for renewable power and most in need of transmission 
network development in Brazil. The concessions are as follows:  
Argo I operates 1,115 km of 500 kV power lines and five substations in the northeast of Brazil. Argo II is a project 
to expand a substation in the state of Minas Gerais. Synchronous condenser 2 and 1 are currently  in service . Argo 
III operates 320 km of 230 kV power lines and five substations in the state of Rondônia. Argo IV, which was 
formed in 2022 following the acquisition of 50% of Rialma Transmissora de Energia III S.A., by Argo Energia, 
operates 312 km of 500 kV power lines. In 2022, Argo Energía  acquired from Brasil Energia FIP 100% of the 
shares of five transmission concessions (Argo V, Argo VI, Argo  VII, Argo VIII and Argo IX). The acquisition 
has been carried out through the joint investment of Argo Energía (62.5%) and Grupo Energía Bogotá (37.5%). 
The five concessions are in commercial operation and total 2,488 km of 500 kV and 230 kV transmission lines 
and 20 substations. 
The transmission system availability rates for the various concessions through to 2023 are: Argo I 99.55%, Argo 
II 94.98%, Argo III 97.82%, Argo IV 99.95%, Argo V 99.92%, Argo VI 98.90%, Argo VII 99.79%, Argo VIII 
99.94%, and Argo IX 99.73%. 
Telecommunication Investments 
Redeia’s telecommunications business is addressed by two main business lines, the optic fibre business and the 
satellite business.

--- Page 161 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 161 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Optic fibre business 
The Group's fibre optic business primarily operates in Spain, doing so through the subsidiary REINTEL, which 
is the Group company responsible for operating fibre optic networks and rendering telecommunications services 
to third parties. The Group holds a 51% stake in REINTEL, with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (KKR) 
holding the remaining 49% stake in REINTEL through its subsidiary Rudolph Bidco S.À.R.L. 
REINTEL is a neutral provider of telecommunications infrastructure. Its principal activity is leasing dark fibre 
and associated infrastructure and also provides maintenance services for telecommunications equipment.  
At present, the Company operates a fibre optic network in excess of 52,200 km rolled out over the electricity 
transmission grid and the railway network, guaranteeing transparent access on equal terms to its customers and to 
telecoms sector players. The company is the successful tenderer for a period of 20 years ending in 2034 for the 
right of use and operation of the fibre optic network, not dedicated to the railway business and other associated 
elements, owned by Adif - High Speed. 
The telecommunications business associated with fibre optics has been performing well, thanks to the Company’s 
proactive commercial management and an efficient and stable cost structure.  
Satellite Business 
The satellite telecommunications business is carried out throughout the Hispasat subgroup. RESTEL holds an 
89.68 per cent stake in Hispasat. The other Hispasat shareholders are Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones 
Industriales (SEPI), with a 7.41% interest, and the Centro para el Desarrollo Tecnológico Industrial, E.P.E., which 
holds 2.91%.  
Hispasat’s principal activity consists of leasing spatial capacity and providing managed services for video and 
broadband data through the operation and commercial exploitation of its fleet of satellites in orbit and the related 
ground segment, primarily in Spain, Brazil, Peru and Mexico. Hispasat is the leading satellite operator in Spain 
and Latin America, while at the same time playing an important role as a driver of innovation in the aerospace 
industry. It has a fleet of nine satellites in six orbital slots. The Amazonas Nexus satellite, launched in early 
February 2023, entered into commercial service in July 2023.  
The Hispasat subgroup offers broadband and satellite connectivity solutions, including internet access, mobility 
and cellular network extension, as well as other value-added propositions to governments, corporations and 
telecommunications operators in the Americas, Europe and North Africa. It is also a leader in the broadcasting 
and distribution of audiovisual content in both Spanish and Portuguese languages, including the transmission of 
leading direct-to-home (DTH) and high definition television (HDTV) digital platforms, as well as transmission 
and audiovisual signal management out of Hispasat Peru’s teleport in Lurín.   
These activities are carried out through Hispasat, the parent company of the subgroup, which operates and markets 
those satellites not located in Brazilian orbital positions; and through the companies Hispasat Canarias, S.L. (sole-
shareholder company) and Hispamar Satélites, S.A., Hispamar Exterior, S.L. (sole-shareholder company), and 
partially through Hispasat México, S.A. de C.V., all of which operate and market those satellites located in 
Brazilian orbital positions. The company Hispasat Perú S.A.C. manages and transports the signals of the wholesale 
video signal distribution business for the LATAM region from its teleport in Lurín, Peru. In August 2022, the 
AXESS subgroup, which provides satellite connectivity services to the corporate and governmental segments in 
the LATAM and EMEA regions and is made up of 12 companies, became part of this corporate structure within 
the larger Hispasat subgroup. 
The Hispasat subgroup has a corporate presence across 12 countries: Spain, Brazil, Peru, Mexico, Colombia, 
Ecuador, Chile, Argentina, Colombia, the United States, Germany and the United Kingdom and serves customers 
in more than 50 countries.  
A new satellite, known as Amazonas Nexus, was successfully launched on 7 February 2023 (orbital position 61º 
West). It is a high-performance geostationary satellite that will bring high-speed internet access to the entire 
American continent, North and South Atlantic air corridors and remote regions such as Greenland and the Amazon 
forest. It is designed specifically to provide high-quality connectivity in aircraft and boats and will help reduce 
the digital divide in Latin America swiftly and efficiently. This launch has made Hispasat the world’s first satellite 
operator to offset the carbon footprint derived from the entire launch process through a reforestation programme

--- Page 162 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 162 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
to be carried out by its subsidiary Sylvestris, which is part of Hispasat’s sustainability plan, aligned with the 
sustainability commitments of Redeia. 
Since its launch, Hispasat has entered into several agreements for the long-term lease of Amazonas Nexus capacity 
with operators and service providers in the government space and players in the mobile connectivity space. 
Management 
The members of the Board of Directors of Redeia Corporación and their positions, as at the approval date of the 
Base Prospectus, are as follows: 
Name of Director 
Position on Board 
Ms. Beatriz Corredor Sierra 
Chairperson 
Mr. Roberto García Merino 
Chief Executive Officer 
Ms. Mercedes Real Rodrigálvarez* 
Member - Nominee (SEPI) 
Mr. Ricardo García Herrera 
Member - Nominee (SEPI) 
Ms. Esther María Rituerto Martínez 
Member - Nominee (SEPI) 
Ms. Socorro Fernández Larrea 
Member - Independent 
Mr. Antonio Gómez Ciria 
Member - Independent 
Mr. José Juan Ruiz Gómez 
Member - Independent 
Mr. Marcos Vaquer Caballería 
Member - Independent 
Ms. Elisenda Malaret García 
Member - Independent 
Mr. José María Abad Hernández 
Member - Independent 
Ms. Guadalupe de la Mata Muñoz 
Member - Independent 
The above table lists all officers and there are no additional executive officers in Redeia Corporación, S.A. 
* Mercedes Real Rodrigálvarez also acts as Director of Investees in the SEPI. 
Additionally, Mr. Carlos Méndez-Trelles García holds the office of General Counsel and Non-Director Secretary 
of the Board of Directors and Mr. Fernando Frías Montejo of Deputy General Counsel and Deputy Non-Director 
Secretary of the Board of Directors. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is Paseo Conde de los Gaitanes, 177, 28109 
Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain. To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer and the Guarantors, as at the date of 
the Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the persons identified above 
to Redeia Corporación and their private interests or other duties in accordance with the Spanish law. 
The directors of Redeia Corporación have no principal activities performed by them outside the Group which are 
significant with respect to Redeia Corporación. 
Redeia Corporación's Credit Rating 
The following table contains the credit ratings that Redeia Corporación has been assigned at the approval date of 
the Base Prospectus for the long and short term by the credit ratings agencies Fitch Ratings España, S.A.U. and 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited.

--- Page 163 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 163 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Rating Agency 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Outlook 
Latest date of 
review of rating 
Fitch Ratings España, S.A.U. 
A- 
F1 
Stable 
9 October 2023 
S&P  
A- 
A-2 
Stable 
12 April 2024 
Each of Fitch Ratings España, S.A.U. and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the European 
Union and are registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Recent developments 
On 3 January 2024, Redeia, through the Issuer and under the scope of the Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) 
Programme, issued 500 million euros of green bonds on the euromarket. The notes, which were paid in on 17 
January 2024, mature in 10 years and carry an annual coupon of 3.00%; they were issued at a price of 99.405%, 
implying a yield of 3.07%.

--- Page 164 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 164 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF RED ELÉCTRICA DE ESPAÑA, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL 
Introduction 
Red Eléctrica de España. S.A.U. ("Red Eléctrica") is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Redeia Corporación. Red 
Eléctrica is registered with the Mercantile Registry (Registro Mercantil) of Madrid, Spain, under Volume 25,097, 
Book 195, Section 8, Page M-452031, 4th registration entry and operates under Spanish Law. Red Eléctrica holds 
Tax Identification Code number A-85309219. Red Eléctrica was incorporated for an indefinite time on 1 July 
2008, its registered office is at Paseo Conde de los Gaitanes, 177, 28109 Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain, and its 
telephone number is + 34 91 6502012. Red Eléctrica's website is www.ree.es.  
Management of electric infrastructure in Spain 
The main activity of the Group comprises electricity transmission, system operation and management of the 
transmission network for the Spanish Electricity System, carried out through Red Eléctrica.   
The administration body of Red Eléctrica is formed by a sole administrator and this position is carried out by its 
parent company, Redeia Corporación, who is represented by Mr. Roberto García Merino.  
Red Eléctrica's main business activities are as follows: 
Transmission 
Red Eléctrica owns the majority of the Spanish transmission network, consisting of over 45,000 km of high voltage 
lines, over 6,200 substation bays, and over 94,000 MVA (megavolt amps) of transformation capacity. 
As mentioned above, the TSO model was legally ratified with the entry into force of Law 17/2007. This law 
established the existence of a sole transmission company and assigned said function, together with those of system 
operator and transmission network manager, to Red Eléctrica, and was confirmed by new Law 24/2013. 
In order to develop and maintain the transmission network, Red Eléctrica carries out the following activities: 
(1) 
Planning: Red Eléctrica's work consists of identifying future network development needs to improve the 
network. In this respect, it carries out the corresponding demand and supply forecast analyses and 
technical studies on the suitability of the transmission network. 
(2) 
Development: Red Eléctrica's investments are targeted towards the structural reinforcement and 
development of the transmission network, to improve the meshing of the transmission grid, integrating, 
and improving the transmission assets in the Balearic and Canary Islands and strengthening international 
interconnections. Propelling the energy transition, market integration and the sustainability of the 
electricity system with a major technological component and search for efficiency. 
As mentioned above, the structural reinforcement of the transmission network includes the development 
of international interconnections, to ensure security of supply in Spain as well as the integration of the 
Spanish electricity market into other markets. The increase of interconnection capacity will enable to 
confront the greater variability of renewable generation, minimising waste in a context of increased green 
generation capacity, reducing the need for backup generation and facilitating the development of the 
internal energy market in Europe, which will be a key tool for the operation of the electricity system. In 
this regard, the development of interconnections with France, which connects the Spanish and Portuguese 
electricity systems to other European electricity systems, is paramount to Red Eléctrica's activities. 
Additionally, increasing and expanding these interconnections is one of the principal objectives of EU 
energy policy. 
 (3) 
Maintenance: the maintenance of the equipment and systems that make up the high-voltage transmission 
network requires the application of strict quality controls, the use of predictive maintenance techniques, 
and the performance of intensive work. 
As a result of the coordination between power downtime for construction and maintenance work, the 
quality of the facilities and use of the above-mentioned maintenance techniques, Red Eléctrica benefits 
from a high degree of availability of its electricity transmission facilities. This in turn has enabled Red 
Eléctrica to achieve the following service quality indicators in terms of security and continuity of supply 
as at 31 December 2023:

--- Page 165 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 165 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Quality indicators 
2023(*) 
 
 
Network availability index (per cent) 
97.60 
 
 
Average interrupt time (AIT) in minutes 
0.29 
 
 
Energy not supplied (ENS) MWh 
127.9 
 
 
Source: Red Eléctrica (*) Provisional data 
Remuneration model 
The current regulation for electricity transmission in Spain was approved by means of Circular 5/2019, of 5 
December, of the National Markets and Competition Commission in Spain ("CNMC"), establishing the 
methodology for the calculation of the remuneration of the electric energy transmission activity ("Circular 
5/2019"). This model establishes a framework for the remuneration of the electricity transmission activity, 
encouraging continuous improvement in management efficiency and network availability. This model is 
applicable for the current regulatory period 2020-2025. 
The regulation establishes a formula for remunerating transmission assets, using a single methodology. This is 
based on net asset values of all assets in service at a rate indexed to the WACC (weighted average cost of capital) 
established by Circular 2/2019, of 12 November, establishing the methodology of calculation of the financial 
remuneration rate of the transmission and distribution of electric energy ("Circular 2/2019"), and with regulatory 
6-year periods. The remuneration will be adjusted according to articles 18 and 19 of Circular 5/2019, related to 
adjustment in the remuneration due to the use of regulated assets for other activities and penalties resulting from 
the principle of financial prudence.  
Each installation comprises a remuneration for investment and a remuneration for operation and maintenance. 
The model is based on benchmark unit investment costs, and unit operation and maintenance values. The guidance 
memorandum for Circular 5/2019 and Circular 7/2019, of 5 December, of the CNMC, approving the standard 
installations and the benchmark unit values for installation and maintenance by element of property plant and 
equipment to be used in the calculation of the remuneration of companies owners of electric energy transmission 
facilities ("Circular 7/2019") establishes that the unit investment cost remains unchanged for this new regulatory 
period, whereas the unit operation and maintenance cost have been updated according to the new values published 
in Circular 7/2019. 
Remuneration for investments 
Investment return (RIjn): the remuneration for investments is comprised of an amount of annual depreciation (Ajn) 
and the return on the capital invested (RFjn): 
RIjn: = Ajn + RFjn 
The calculation of the remuneration for investment takes into account the financial remuneration obtained by 
applying the financial remuneration rate to the value of the investment that has the right to remuneration in net 
terms. 
The value of the investment is calculated as the real value of the investment plus/minus 50 per cent of the 
difference between the benchmark unit value and the real value. However, this synergy in the construction of 
installations has a cap of 12.5 per cent. The model postpones the assets remuneration from year "n-2" when the 
asset is commissioned to the year "n" but a "delay factor mechanism" recognises the financial cost of this delay 
added to the value of the investment.  
The financial remuneration rate is approved by Circular 2/2019 and is based on the WACC. The financial 
remuneration rate is subject to review at the end of the regulatory period. The financial remuneration rate of 5.58 
per cent has been established for the current regulatory period 2020-2025, but for 2020 that rate was fixed in 6.003 
per cent. 
The asset is depreciated based on its regulatory useful life, which is 40 years for most installations.

--- Page 166 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 166 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Operation and maintenance costs 
Operation and maintenance costs are remunerated by applying the benchmark unit values to all installations in 
operation. 
As described under the title "Remuneration model", the new operation and maintenance unit values have been 
established by Circular 7/2019 for the current regulatory period 2020-2025. These operation and maintenance 
values have been reduced from the ones established in the Order IET/2659/2015 and applied over the last 
regulatory period. A limitation of the 50 per cent of the reduction has been implemented in the model, in order to 
share the impact of the new unit values in the remuneration. 
Remuneration for Assets in operation 
The methodology approved by Circular 5/2019 applies to all installations, regardless of the date they entered into 
operation. 
Nevertheless, for the valuation of fixed assets with the right to remuneration of installations in service, a distinction 
has been made between values in service before 1998, and those starting up after 1 January 1998: 
• 
Value of assets entered into service before 1998 is calculated implicitly, based on the actual remuneration 
received for the investment component and an average residual life was established in 7 years from 
January 1, 2016. A resolution from the Directorate General of Energy Policy and Mines (Dirección 
General de Política Energética y Minas) ("DGEPM") of MITERD (as defined below) has increased in 
1 year the residual life for these assets. 
• 
Value of assets commissioned subsequent to 1998 up to 31st of December 2017 will be measured at their 
replacement cost based on the benchmark unit values, and taking into account their specific useful life. 
End of the assets' useful life 
Once an asset reaches the end of its regulatory useful life, the remuneration will be calculated (from 1 January 
2024) as the value of its operation and maintenance remuneration plus a new term called REVU: 
𝑅𝐸𝑉𝑈𝑛 
𝑗= 𝜇𝑛
𝑗 ∙𝑅𝑂𝑀𝑛
𝑗   
𝜇𝑛
𝑗 is the coefficient for the extension of its useful life which will vary between 0.3 and 1 depending on the number 
of years that the regulatory useful life is extended. 
Global incentive for availability of the transmission network 
Circular 5/2019 establishes incentives for the efficiency and availability of the transmission network. This global 
incentive can range from a maximum amount of +2.5 per cent to a minimum amount of -3.5 per cent of the O&M 
remuneration. The global incentive of availability of the transmission company will be calculated by comparing 
the availability of the transmission company in year "n- 2", with the minimum global availability weighted index 
required to the transmission company and the objective availability weighted index established for the regulatory 
period. 
Current remuneration of the transmission activity 
In 2019, Royal Decree-Law 1/2019 was passed, aimed at determining a new competencies distribution between 
the Government and Independent Regulatory Authority, the CNMC. Until 2019, the responsibility for setting the 
remuneration model for the transmission activity (Royal Decree 1047/2013) and setting regulated annual revenues 
was held by the MITERD. Since 2020, the responsibility for setting the remuneration model (Circular 5/2019) 
and setting regulated annual revenues lies on the National Regulatory Authority, CNMC.  
Regulated annual revenues from the transmission activity had been set provisionally for the years 2016 to 2024 
(MITERD 2016-2019 and CNMC 2020-2024). In December 2022, the MITERD approved the Orden 
TED/1343/2022, establishing the final remuneration for the electricity transmission activity for the period 2017-
2019 (final remuneration for year 2016 had also been approved by the MITERD through a different procedure in 
the context of a judicial claim). In 2023, the CNMC published the resolution of the definitive remuneration for 
2020, and in 2024 the final remuneration for 2021, having now to establish the final remuneration for the following 
years.

--- Page 167 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 167 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
The transmission company receives the remuneration through a settlement methodology managed by the CNMC. 
According to this procedure, distributors communicate their monthly income from system access tariffs to the 
CNMC. The CNMC deducts from such incomes the relevant percentages to cover various fixed costs of the 
electricity system (costes permanentes del sistema), diversification and security-of-supply costs. These fixed costs 
also include sums paid by CNMC to satisfy the "specific remuneration regime" (regimen retributivo específico) 
that applies to renewable energy and other specific technologies. The resulting sum is used to meet the recognised 
costs of the transmission activities (in Red Eléctrica's case), distribution activities, and other regulated costs.  
Finally, it is worth mentioning Communication 1/2019, 23 October, of the CNMC, defining ratios to assess the 
level of indebtedness and the economic-financial capacity of companies that carry out regulated activities, and 
recommended ranges of values for these ratios. The Communication defines a Global Ratio Index (GRI), which 
weights five ratios according to their relative importance, so that an average rating per company can be obtained, 
ranging from 0 (minimum) to 1 (maximum). If the GRI is lower than 0.90, a financial penalty is established, which 
may not exceed 1% of the annual remuneration of the network asset holder. Red Eléctrica has an GRI of 1 for the 
year commencing on 1 January 2024. 
System Operation 
Red Eléctrica operates in the Spanish mainland, island and non-mainland electricity systems, addressing the 
continuity and security of the electricity supply. 
As system operator, Red Eléctrica aims to provide a balance between electricity output and consumption in Spain. 
To achieve this target, it predicts electricity demand and operates, in a coordinated manner and in real time, the 
electricity generation and transmission facilities, thereby ensuring that the programmed output of power stations 
meet actual consumer demand for electricity. 
In order to perform the functions with which it is entrusted, Red Eléctrica as system operator, must act in 
accordance with the following principles set out in Law 54/1997, and ratified in Law 24/2013: 
• 
Independence 
• 
Transparency 
• 
Objectivity 
• 
Economic efficiency 
Power control centres are one of the basic elements used by Red Eléctrica to perform the functions assigned by 
the Electrical Sector Law as system operator. These centres coordinate and control the generation and transmission 
of electricity in real time. 
In 2006, Red Eléctrica designed, put in place and started the operation of the Special Regime Control Centre 
("CECRE") in order to integrate the maximum amount of generation from renewable energy sources into the 
electricity system, whilst ensuring quality levels and security of supply. This centre is integrated into the 
Electricity Control Centre ("CECOEL") responsible for the coordinated operation and real-time monitoring of 
the generation and transmission facilities of the national electricity system. 
Circular 4/2019 of 27 November, has established a methodology for the remuneration of the operator of the 
electric system ("Circular 4/2019") sets out for the first time the methodology for the remuneration of the system 
operator and a price-fixing system to govern the price to be paid by agents intervening in the market for the 
services provided by the system operator in order to finance it. The methodology, based on a revenue cap scheme, 
includes a base remuneration which comprises a remuneration for investment based on amortization and financial 
compensation and a remuneration for operation and maintenance with an additional margin. Besides this base 
remuneration, the methodology includes a term for incentives and a term called regulatory account, which consist 
on an fixed amount of money to develop new obligations due to new regulation.  
The regulatory parameters are established for 3 year periods. After the first being 2020-2022, the second period 
has now started (2023-2025). Circular 4/2019 was amended by Circular 1/2023, including some changes to the 
incentive scheme for the new regulatory period 2023-2025. 
Environmental Matters

--- Page 168 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 168 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
In 1992, Redeia implemented the first environmental protection code in the Spanish electricity industry to regulate 
all of its activities. In 1998, it also established a formal environmental protection policy to govern all of its 
activities. Since October 2001, the Group uses an environmental management system, certified to the UNE-EN 
ISO 14001 standard, and registered under the EU Eco-Management and Audit Scheme (EMAS). 
In 2004, Group became the first business group from the energy sector in Spain to obtain an environmental 
certification from the Spanish Normalisation and Certification Association (Asociación Española de 
Normalización y Certificación) for all of its electricity transmission activities and facilities. 
The Group's commitment to operate in accordance with the most challenging requirements associated with 
environmental management forms an integral part of, and is reflected in, its environmental policy. 
The Company’s main environmental impacts are those related to the construction of the electricity transmission 
network facilities and their physical presence within the environment. The Group works to minimize these impacts, 
considering the entire life cycle of its facilities and paying special attention to the protection of biodiversity. In 
view of its role as a leading player in the transition towards a carbon-free energy model, Redeia has embraced a 
specific commitment in relation to the fight against climate change. Thus, the Group’s environmental commitment 
takes shape across three main fronts: Environmental management and integration of facilities in the environment, 
Biodiversity protection, and Climate change. 
Law 7/2021, of 20 May, on climate change and energetic transition entitles the Spanish government to request 
Red Eléctrica as TSO to prepare a decarbonization strategy for this activity in the context of the Decarbonization 
Strategy for Spain 2050, once the relevant regulation establishing the criteria to prepare said strategy is approved. 
In evidence of the Group’s commitment to environmental matters, the Group companies incurred total ordinary 
expenses of EUR 24,947 thousand in protecting and improving the environment (EUR 24,934 thousand in 2022), 
essentially due to the implementation of environmental initiatives aimed at protecting biodiversity, fire prevention, 
landscape integration, climate change, and prevention of pollution. In 2023 a total expense of EUR 2,938 thousand 
(EUR 4,540 thousand in 2022) was incurred on environmental issues associated with investment projects 
(including environmental impact studies, environmental oversight of work, and the adoption of preventive, 
corrective and accompanying measures). To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer and the Guarantors, at the 
date of the Base Prospectus, the Group has no material litigation or contingencies relating to environmental 
protection. 
Red Eléctrica belongs to the most reputable sustainability indices, in recognition of its excellent track record in 
this connection and its firm commitment to transparency in its reporting to third parties. The company is a 
component of the following indices: Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI), FTSE4Good, CDP, Euronext Vigeo 
Eiris, Ethibel and MSCI.  
Management at Red Eléctrica believes that it is materially compliant with all environmental laws and regulations 
affecting its operations. There can be no assurance, however, that new regulations will not be made, which could 
have an adverse impact on its future operations. 
Management 
The administration body of Red Eléctrica is formed by a sole administrator and this position is carried out by its 
parent company, Redeia Corporación.   
The executive officers of the Group and their respective positions, as at the approval date of the Base Prospectus, 
are as follows: 
Name of Officer 
Position 
Ms. Beatriz Corredor Sierra  
Chairwoman  
Mr. Carlos Méndez-Trelles García 
General Counsel and Non-Director Secretary of the Board of Directors
Ms. Miryam Aguilar Muñoz 
Corporate Director of External Relations, Communication and 
Territory 
Ms. Eva Pagán Díaz 
Corporate Director of Sustainability and Research

--- Page 169 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 169 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Ms. Eva Rodicio González 
Manager of Internal Audit and Risk Control Management  
Mr. Roberto García Merino 
Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Ángel Luis Mahou Fernández 
General Director of Transmission  
Ms. Concepción Sánchez Pérez 
General Director of System Operation  
Mr. Juan Majada Tortosa 
General Director of International Business  
Mr. Emilio Cerezo Diez 
Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Mariano Aparicio Bueno 
General Director of Telecommunications  
Mr. José Antonio Vernia Peris 
Corporate Director of Transformation and Resources 
Mr. Julián Diaz-Peñalver Carrasco 
Regulation Director 
Ms. Mónica Moraleda Saceda 
Legal Services Director 
Ms. Silvia Bruno de la Cruz 
Chief Innovation and Technology Officer 
Mr. Carlos Puente Pérez 
Corporate Development Director 
 
The business address of the executive officers is: Paseo del Conde de los Gaitanes 177, 28109 Alcobendas, Madrid, 
Spain. 
The directors of Red Eléctrica have no principal activities performed by them outside the Group which are 
significant with respect to Red Eléctrica.  
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer and the Guarantors, as at the date of the Base Prospectus, there are 
no conflicts of interest between the duties of the persons listed above to the Guarantor, and their private interests 
or other duties in accordance with the Spanish law. 
Overview of the Spanish Electricity Industry 
The Spanish electricity industry, as with the rest of the countries in the EU, has been greatly influenced by 
European regulations. The publication of Directive 96/92/CE ("Directive 96/92") concerning common rules for 
the internal market in electricity, established clear objectives and a minimum criteria of liberalization, as well as 
the introduction of levels of competence in the electricity sector. 
Spain was one of the first countries to adapt its legislation to Directive 96/92 through the Electricity Act that 
entered into force in 1997, "Ley 54/1997". This act aimed to change the state of the electricity sector, from a 
structure based on vertically-integrated companies organized as regional monopolies, to a liberalized electricity 
sector, based on free competition. 
The overarching changes introduced by this act were the separation of regulated activities (transmission and 
distribution) from those on free competition (generation and supply), and the liberalization of contracting and 
election of suppliers for consumers. This also included free access to transmission and distribution grids through 
the payment of an access tariff and the creation of the System Operator and Market Operator. 
In accordance with this new regulatory framework, Red Eléctrica continued to pursue its transmission activity and 
was assigned the functions of "System Operator", resulting in the first Transmission System Operator (TSO) in 
Europe. Later, through the transposition of Directive 2003/54/CE, through Law 17/2007, Red Eléctrica was 
designated as the sole transmission and system operator in Spain. 
The "Tariff Deficit" (the deficit between regulated costs and income obtained from tariffs) was one of the most 
considerable challenges in the Spanish electricity sector as a result of this regulatory framework. In order to 
eliminate this problem, during the years 2012 and 2013 numerous changes were made to the Electricity Act of 
1997 to reduce regulatory costs, and to encourage the incremental increase in income of the electricity sector.

--- Page 170 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 170 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
These changes precipitated the reform of electricity sector regulation, finally compiled in a new version of the 
Electricity Act ("Ley 24/2013"), which ratifies Red Eléctrica's designation as sole transmission and system 
operator. 
Since 2013, once the tariff deficit problem had been tackled, the main regulatory focus in the electricity industry 
has been to promote the energy transition to a decarbonised economy. Currently, Spain has a Strategic Energy 
and Climate Framework, whose key elements include the National Integrated Energy and Climate Plan (PNIEC) 
2021-2030 (currently under review to increase the ambition of its main energy and climate objectives) and Law 
7/2021, of climate change and energy transition, which establishes the objective of climate neutrality by 2050. 
Regulatory bodies in the Spanish electricity industry 
In January 2019 the Royal Decree-law 1/2019 about urgent measures to adapt competencies of the CNMC to 
requirements derived from Directives 2009/72/EC and 2009/73/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 13 July 2009 concerning common rules for the internal market in electricity and natural gas ("Royal Decree-
Law 1/2019") was passed, aimed at determining a new competencies distribution between the Government and 
Independent Regulatory Authority, the CNMC, that respects European Union regulatory framework, so providing 
the CNMC the necessary independence to develop its functions. 
Thus, with this Royal Decree-Law 1/2019, the CNMC was assigned some functions previously attributed to the 
State General Administration, the Ministry responsible for Energy, and was also allocated some new functions 
related to its condition as advisory body of the Government in electrical matters. 
After Royal Decree-law 1/2019, the State General Administration, currently through the Ministry of Ecological 
Transition and the Demographic Challenge ("MITERD"), remains as the main regulator of the electricity industry 
in Spain. Its main functions in this respect, amongst others, are establishing the basic regulations for electricity 
activities and to carry out the planning of electricity infrastructures, indicative for generation assets and binding 
for transmission facilities. 
The CNMC is the independent regulatory agency for the electricity sector, whose main function is, to ensure 
effective competition and objective transparency in electricity sector performance. Among others, the CNMC has 
the responsibility of fixing the structure and prices of electricity access tariffs, the functions related with 
determining the remuneration of transmission, distribution and system operation activities and those 
corresponding to access and connection to transmission and distribution grid conditions. In addition, the Royal 
Decree-Law 1/2019 also reinforces CNMC function of supervising transmission grid planning and development.  
Currently, the structure and functions of CNMC are being reviewed by the Spanish Government, with the 
objective of establishing a specific regulatory agency for the energy sector, separated from the rest of the sectors 
regulated by the CNMC. Specifically, a public consultation has been carried out by the Government, presenting a 
draft bill that would re-establish the former National Energy Commission, which would absorb the functions of 
the CNMC in energy matters, as well as some new ones, such as the supervision of hydrogen.  
Regulation of transmission activity 
The aim of the transmission activity is to transport electricity from generation to distribution points. The 
transmission grid in Spain is formed by lines, transformers and other elements of 220 kV or higher voltage, as 
well as any international interconnections. In the Canary and Balearic Islands the voltage level on this matter is 
reduced to 66 kV and over. 
Every 6 years, Red Eléctrica is required by law to propose the future needs of the system in order to guarantee 
security of supply and the need of new transmission infrastructure. Following such proposal, the Ministry for the 
Ecological Transition and Demographic challenge (Ministerio para la Transición Ecológica y el Reto 
Demográfico – MITERD) elaborates the Electricity Network Planning (Planificación Eléctrica). Such proposal 
must be approved by the Spanish Government, prior submission to the Spanish National Parliament.  The Plan 
2021-2026 was approved by the Spanish Council of Ministers on 22 March 2022, with an investment of more 
than EUR 6,964 million. The goal of this Plan is to deploy the relevant transmission network that guarantees high 
levels of quality in the supply of electricity and to help Spain progress to have a carbon-free energy model and 
fight against climate change. 
Furthermore, the new transmission planning has already begun to be processed, following the publication of Order 
TED/1375/2023, which initiates the procedure for making proposals for the development of the electricity 
transmission network with a 2030 horizon.

--- Page 171 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 171 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Under Law 24/2013, a yearly investment plan must be presented by Red Eléctrica and approved by the MITERD. 
Additional approval by the MITERD is needed in order to build, modify, use, transfer or close and 
decommissioning of transmission facility. Among the factors taken into consideration when granting approval are: 
i. 
the technical and safety conditions of the facility and the corresponding equipment; 
ii. 
the existence of adequate measures for environmental protection; 
iii. 
the appropriateness of the proposed location; and 
iv. 
the legal, technical and financial capability of the applicant company. 
The construction, operation and maintenance of Red Eléctrica's transmission facilities is remunerated through a 
methodology established by the National regulatory Authority (Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y la 
Competencia – CNMC), and Red Eléctrica receives a monthly amount through a settlement process administered 
by the CNMC. 
This methodology experienced numerous changes during the reform of electricity sector regulation, and was 
finally established in the above-mentioned Circular 5/2019. 
Additionally, Law 24/2013 states that third-party access to the Spanish transmission grid is to be managed by Red 
Eléctrica and that access may only be denied on the grounds of lack of capacity, on security grounds, regularity 
or quality of supply reasons, or by lack of economic efficiency and sustainability of electric system criteria. Royal 
Decree-Law 1/2019 also entailed a reorganization of competences in the field of access and connection to 
networks between the CNMC and the Government. As a result, the Government adopted the Royal Decree 
1183/2020 and CNMC the Circular 1/2019. In addition, Royal Decree-Law 8/2023 introduced changes to RD 
1183/2020, to regulate access and connection of demand facilities. The CNMC is now processing the access and 
connection circular for demand facilities, with approval expected in the second quarter of 2024.  
Regulation of system operator activity 
As discussed in the section entitled "System Operation", Law 24/2013 requires Red Eléctrica to perform the 
functions of system operator. In this capacity, Red Eléctrica is responsible for the technical operation of the 
electricity system, including the continuity and security of electricity supply and the co-ordination of generation 
and transmission systems. 
As system operator, Red Eléctrica reviews the daily base operating schedule prepared by the market operator, 
identifying technical constraints and, eventually, the need to modify the schedule. The technical and instrumental 
rules necessary to carry out the adequate technical management of the mainland electricity system and the non-
mainland electricity systems are included in the so-called “operating procedures”. 
The system operation remuneration methodology was fixed by CNMC through Circular 4/2019 of 27 November 
(see System Operation section).  
The regulation of non-mainland electricity systems in Spain 
The peculiarities arising from the geographical location of non-mainland electricity systems, creates the need for 
a special regulation of these systems. Law 24/2013 refers specifically to this need. 
Regarding the activities of transmission and system operations in these territories, Law 24/2013 regulates the 
lower voltage level required for lines, transformers and other elements to be transmission facilities, and determines 
functions of system operators in non-mainland systems. 
In order to reinforce this special regulation, 2013 saw the passing of Law 17/2013, of 29 October, for supply 
guarantee and enhancing competition in non-mainland territories that, among other provisions, created the 
possibility of assigning to the System Operator the ownership and operation of the pumping – storage facilities 
whose main purpose is providing guarantee of supply, system security, and integration of renewable energy.   
In order to comply with this law, the Chira-Soria pumping storage project in Gran Canaria, originally assigned to 
Endesa, was officially passed on to Red Eléctrica on the 17 July 2015.

--- Page 172 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 172 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
In 2015, Royal Decree 738/2015 was approved, establishing the administrative, economic and legal regime that 
applies to pumping storage facilities owned by the System Operator, providing the principles for a transparent and 
stable regulatory framework for these assets. In December 2022, the MITERD approved the remuneration model 
and the remuneration parameters of the Chira-Soria pumping storage project in Order TED/1243/2022. The 
remuneration parameters are: investment income (amortisation and financial remuneration), O&M (fixed and 
variable) and remuneration associated with the construction phase, incentives for the activity of electric energy 
storage (related to renewable energy integration).  
This regulatory framework explained above was validated by the European Commission for the Canary Islands 
in a Decision of December 8, 2023. 
The Internal Electricity Market 
The first approach to the realization of the internal electricity market was taken in 1996 with the publication of 
Directive 96/92/EC of 19 December 1996 concerning common rules for the internal market in electricity, which 
established the necessary steps in order to: 
i. 
open up the construction of new electricity generation capacity to competition; 
ii. 
"unbundle" the accounts for electricity generation, transmission and distribution operations; 
iii. 
designate a transmission network and a distribution network operator; and 
iv. 
introduce a system of third- party access to the network. 
Directive 2003/54/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2003 concerning common rules 
for the internal market in electricity and repealing Directive 96/92/EC ("Directive 2003/54/EC") and Directive 
2009/72/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 concerning common rules for the 
internal market in electricity and repealing Directive 2003/54/EC ("Directive 2009/72/EC") established new 
regulations in order to continue with the construction of the internal electricity market. The 2003 Directive 
established rules on the organization and functioning of the electricity industry in Member States, and amended 
the rules in the 1996 Directive, which had fallen short of the goal to create a transparent, non-discriminatory and 
competitive internal market in electricity. 
The 2009 Directive, amongst other things, provided for the creation of a European network of transmission system 
operators (TSOs) of electricity (ENTSO-E), through which transmission system operators (TSOs) co-operate to 
manage and develop a coordinated European transmission grid. Since its creation, ENTSO-E has been working 
to promote the realization and operation of the internal electricity market. To this end, ENTSO-E, in collaboration 
with the European Transmission System Operators (TSOs), has been working to develop Network Codes and 
Guidelines, European common rules referring to security of supply, information exchange, capacity allocation 
and congestion management, balancing, etc. 
Additionally, Regulation 2009/714/EC sets out the provisions for the electricity exchanges within the EU and 
regulates the procedure of designation and certification of transmission system operators (TSOs), aimed at 
verifying the unbundling and independent performance of TSOs, in accordance with the principles established 
under Article 9 of the 2009 Directive. 
The certification procedure of Red Eléctrica was completed in February 2015 with the publication in the Official 
Journal of European Union (OJEU) of the Notification of the Spanish Government to the European Commission, 
communicating the official approval and designation of Red Eléctrica as Transmission System Operator (TSO) in 
Spain. 
From a regulatory European perspective, 2019 was of particular relevance due to the completion of a 
comprehensive update of the European Union’s energy policy framework to facilitate the transition towards a 
cleaner energy system, and to deliver on the Paris Agreement commitments for reducing greenhouse gas 
emissions. This new regulatory framework, the so-called "Clean energy for all Europeans package" included, 
among other measures, a new Regulation (EU) 2019/943 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 June 
2019 on the internal market for electricity, repealing Regulation (EC) nº 714/2009, and a new Directive (EU) 
2019/944 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 June 2019 on common rules for the internal market 
for electricity repealing Directive 2009/72/EC. In 2023, on the occasion of the European Commission's proposed 
reform of the internal electricity market, both Regulation 2019/943 and Directive 2019/944 are in the process of 
being revised, with an agreement having already been reached between the European co-legislators (European

--- Page 173 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 173 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Parliament and Council), with the aim of making electricity prices less dependent on the volatility of fossil fuel 
prices, protecting consumers from price shocks and accelerating the deployment of renewable energies. 
Of particular relevance for the achievement of the internal electricity market, which affects Red Eléctrica and the 
Spanish power system, is also the approval of Regulation (EU) 2018/1999 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 11 December 2018 on the Governance of the Energy Union and Climate Action, which explicitly refers 
to the 15 per cent interconnection target for 2030.  
In compliance with the provisions set out in the above-mentioned Regulation (EU) 2018/1999, Spain published 
its National Integrated Energy Plan 2021-2030 (PNIEC). This document stresses the importance of achieving the 
interconnection target and states the Government's purpose of raising the interconnection capacity with Portugal 
to 3.000 MW through a new interconnection and up to 8.000 MW with France through 3 new interconnections.   
The next important legislative package, presented after the completion of the Clean Energy Package for all 
Europeans, has been the European Green Deal, which seeks to achieve climate neutrality in the EU by 2050. 
Within the European Green Deal, the Regulation (EU) 2022/869 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
of May 30, 2022, on guidelines for trans-European energy infrastructures, stands out for its importance for Red 
Eléctrica's activity. This regulation regulates, among other things, projects of common interest (PCIs) for cross-
border energy infrastructures, as well as their selection process, which can benefit from EU funding such as the 
‘Connection Europe Facility’ funds. In this regard, the France - Spain interconnection project ‘Biscay Gulf’, which 
has PCI status, has received €578 million of CEF funds. 
Another important piece of legislation in the European Green Deal is Directive (EU) 2023/2413 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 October 2023 amending Directive (EU) 2018/2001, as regards the promotion 
of energy from renewable sources. This Directive increases the overall EU renewable energy target to 42.5% by 
2030.

--- Page 174 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 174 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish, US, EU and Luxembourg tax considerations relating to 
the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in 
those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws 
of those countries. This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Spain) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would 
not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payment" and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would 
be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  Holders 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
TAXATION IN SPAIN 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations. The information provided below does 
not purport to be a complete overview of tax law and practice currently applicable in the Kingdom of Spain and 
is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which could be given with 
retroactive effect. 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, as amended, as well as RD 1065/2007 
as amended by RD 1145/2011; 
(b) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax ("Personal Income Tax") 
taxpayers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax and on the partial amendment of the 
Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law as amended (the 
"Personal Income Tax Law"), and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March promulgating the Personal 
Income Tax Regulations as amended along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax as amended and 
Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax and Law 38/2022, for the establishment of 
temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions and introducing a temporary solidarity tax 
on large fortunes; 
 (c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax ("Corporate Income 
Tax" or "CIT") taxpayers, Law 27/2014 of 27 November on Corporate Income Tax (the "CIT Law"), and 
Royal Decree 634/2015 of 10 July promulgating the Corporate Income Tax Regulations (the "Corporate 
Income Tax Regulations"); and 
(d) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are non-resident income 
tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March promulgating 
the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law as amended (the "NRIT Law"), and Royal 
Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July promulgating the Non-Resident Income Tax Regulations as amended("Non-

--- Page 175 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 175 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Resident Income Tax Regulations"), along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax as amended 2014 
and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax and Law 38/2022, for the establishment of 
temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions and introducing a temporary solidarity tax 
on large fortunes. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a "Beneficial Owner"), 
the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example exempt from 
transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative 
Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 
December regulating such tax. 
1 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
1.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes would constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the Personal Income Tax Law, and should be included 
in each investor's taxable savings and taxed at the tax rate applicable from time to time, currently 19 per 
cent. for taxable income up to €6,000.00 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,000.01 and 
€50,000.00, 23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 and €200,000.00, 27 per cent. for taxable 
income between €200,000.01 and €300,000, 28 per cent. for taxable income exceeding €300,000.00.  As a 
general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the current rate of 19 per 
cent.  
(a) In respect of the Bearer Notes – According to Section 44.5 of RD 1065/2007, of 27 July, the Issuer will 
make interest payments to individual holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain without 
withholding provided that the relevant information about the Bearer Notes set out in Annex I is submitted 
by the Fiscal Agent in a timely manner.  In addition, income obtained upon transfer, redemption or 
exchange of the Notes may also be paid without withholding. 
Notwithstanding the above, withholding tax at the current applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have to be 
deducted by other entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities) provided that such entities 
are resident for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory. 
 (b) In respect of the Book-entry Notes – A 19 per cent. withholding on account of Personal Income Tax 
will be imposed on interest payments by the Issuer.  
However, with certain exceptions, income derived from the transfer of the Book-entry Notes should not 
be generally subject to withholding on account of Personal Income Tax provided that the Notes are: 
(i) Registered under book-entries (anotaciones en cuenta); and 
(ii) traded in a Spanish official secondary market (mercado secundario official), such as AIAF.  
Except that withholding tax shall apply to the part of the transfer price that corresponds to the accrued 
interest when the transfer of the Book-entry Notes takes place within the 30-day period prior to the moment 
in which such interest is due, when the following requirements are fulfilled: (i) the acquirer is an individual 
or entity not resident in Spanish territory, or is a taxable person for CIT purposes; and (ii) the express yield 
derived from the Book-entry Notes being transferred is exempt from the obligation to withhold in relation 
to the acquirer. 
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding against their Personal Income Tax liability for 
the relevant fiscal year. 
1.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de 
las Grandes Fortunas) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain will be subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth 
exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous region 
(Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold 
as at 31 December in each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent.

--- Page 176 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 176 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
In addition to the above, the so-called "Solidarity Tax" was approved in December 2022, which is a two-
year direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applied, under certain conditions, to those residents in an 
autonomous region were the Wealth Tax is partial or fully exempt (as Madrid and Andalusia). 
The rates of the "Solidarity Tax" are 
Taxable base up to (Euros) 
Tax due (Euros) 
Rest of taxable base 
(Euros) 
Rate 
0.00 
0.00 
3,000,000.00 
0% 
3,000,000.00 
0.00 
2,347,998.03 
1.7% 
5,347,998.03 
39,915,97 
5,347,998.03 
2.1% 
10,695,996.06 
152,223,93 
Any excess 
3.5% 
Note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000 which means that its effective 
impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, is greater than €3,700,000. 
1.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or State rules (subject to any regional tax exemptions being available to them). The 
applicable effective tax rates can range between 0 per cent and 81.6 per cent subject to any specific regional 
rules, depending on relevant factors. 
2 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes constitute a return on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to third parties of own 
capital and would have to be included in profit and taxable income of legal entities with tax residency in 
Spain for Corporate Income Tax purposes in accordance with the rules for Corporate Income Tax. The 
current general tax rate according to CIT Law is 25 per cent. 
(a) In respect of the Bearer Notes – In accordance with Section 44.5 of RD 1065/2007, there is no obligation 
to withhold on income payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers. Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold on 
interest payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers in the terms described under "Information about the Notes in 
Connection with Payments" below. 
Income derived from the transfer of the Notes shall not be subject to withholding tax as provided by Section 
61(s) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, to the extent that the Notes satisfy the requirements laid 
down by the reply to the Directorate General for Taxation's (Dirección General de Tributos) consultation, 
on 27 July 2004, indicating that in the case of issuances made by entities with tax residency in Spain, (as 
in the case of the Issuer), application of the exemption requires that the Notes be placed outside Spain in 
another OECD country and traded on organised markets in OECD countries. 
However, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity 
acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax 
at the current rate of 19 per cent., withholding that will be made by the depositary or custodian, if the Notes 
do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling issued by the Spanish Tax 
Authorities (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and require a withholding to be made. 
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its 
final CIT liability.

--- Page 177 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 177 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(b) In respect of the Book-entry Notes – Pursuant to Section 44.4 of RD 1065/2007, there is no obligation 
to withhold on income payable to CIT taxpayers. Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold tax on interest 
payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that the reporting obligations described under "Information 
about the Notes in Connection with Payments" below are complied with. 
With regard to income derived from the transfer of the Book-entry Notes, in accordance with article 61.q 
of the CIT regulations, there is no obligation to withhold on income obtained by Spanish CIT taxpayers 
provided that the relevant securities are: 
(i) registered under book-entries (anotaciones en cuenta); and 
(ii) traded in a Spanish official secondary market (mercado secundario official), such as AIAF.  
2.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de 
las Grandes Fortunas) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
2.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax and must include the market value of the Notes 
in their taxable income for Spanish Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
3 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
3.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
Income obtained by Noteholders who are Non-Resident Income Tax taxpayers, both on interest and in 
connection with the transfer, repayment or redemption of the Notes, whether or not through a permanent 
establishment, shall be considered Spanish source of income and therefore subject to taxation in Spain 
under the NRIT Law, without prejudice to the provisions contained in any applicable tax treaty for the 
avoidance of double taxation. 
(a) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself 
create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity 
who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such 
Notes are the same as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. 
(b) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who have no tax residency in Spain, and 
which are Non- Resident Income Tax taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are 
exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax on the same terms laid down for income from public 
debt. In relation to payments made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, please see "Information 
about the Notes in Connection with Payments" below. 
3.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de 
las Grandes Fortunas) 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to the 
Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose 
properties and rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory exceed €700,000 
in respect of each tax year would be subject to Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per 
cent. and 3.5 per cent., without prejudice to any other exemption that may be applicable. Individuals that 
are not resident in Spain for tax purposes may apply the rules approved by the autonomous region where 
the assets and rights with more value (i) are located, (ii) can be exercised or (iii) must be fulfilled.

--- Page 178 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 178 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
In addition to the above, the so-called "Solidarity Tax" was approved in December 2022, which is a two-
year direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applied, under certain conditions, to those residents in an 
autonomous region were the Wealth Tax is partial or fully exempt (as Madrid and Andalusia). 
The rates of the "Solidarity Tax" are 
Taxable base up to (Euros) 
Tax due (Euros) 
Rest of taxable base 
(Euros) 
Rate 
0.00 
0.00 
3,000,000.00 
0% 
3,000,000.00 
0.00 
2,347,998.03 
1.7% 
5,347,998.03 
39,915,97 
5,347,998.03 
2.1% 
10,695,996.06 
152,223,93 
Any excess 
3.5% 
Note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000 which means that its effective 
impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, is greater than €3,700,000. 
3.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals not tax resident in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to Inheritance and Gift Tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to Inheritance 
and Gift Tax in accordance with Spanish legislation. 
According to the Additional Provision Two of the Inheritance and Gift Tax Law, non-Spanish tax resident 
individuals may be subject to Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the rules set forth in the 
relevant autonomous regions in accordance with the law. As such, prospective investors should consult 
their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to Non-Resident Income 
Tax. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty, the 
provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of 
income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
4 
Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments 
(a) In respect of the Bearer Notes – in accordance with article 44.5 of the regulations approved by Royal Decree 
1065/2007, for the purposes of preparing the tax annual to be submitted by the Issuer, certain information with 
respect to the Bearer Notes must be submitted by the Fiscal Agent in a timely manner (i.e. before the close of 
business 
s on the business day immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, principal or any amount 
in respect of the early redemption of the Bearer Notes is due) in the form of a duly executed and completed 
statement (the "Payment Statement in Respect of the Bearer Notes") which shall include the following 
information:  
(a) 
Identification of the Bearer Notes in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(b) 
date on which relevant payment is made; 
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant payment; and

--- Page 179 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 179 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment and to each entity that manages a clearing and settlement 
system for securities situated outside Spain. 
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a certificate the 
form of which is attached as Annex I of this Base Prospectus.  
In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection 
of information concerning the Notes by the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding each 
relevant Payment Date.  If, despite these procedures, the relevant information is not received by the Issuer on each 
Payment Date, the Issuer will withhold tax at the then-applicable rate (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 19 
per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information has not been 
provided. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
Accordingly, the Issuer will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any holder who would otherwise be 
entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose income payments are nonetheless paid net of 
Spanish withholding tax because these procedures prove ineffective. Moreover, the Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. The procedures for providing documentation referred 
to in this section are set out in detail in the fiscal agency agreement dated 13 June 2022 (the "Fiscal Agency 
Agreement") which may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. In 
particular, if the Fiscal Agent does not act as common depositary, the procedures described in this section will be 
modified in the manner described in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
(b) In respect of the Book-entry Notes – in accordance with article 44.4 of the regulations approved by Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, for the purposes of preparing the tax annual to be submitted by the Issuer, certain information 
with respect to the Book-entry Notes must be submitted by the Iberclear Members that have the Book-entry Notes 
registered in their securities account on behalf of third parties, as well as the entities that manage the clearing 
systems located outside Spain that have an agreement with Iberclear, if applicable, in a timely manner (i.e. before 
the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, 
principal or any amount in respect of the early redemption of the Book-entry Notes is due) in the form of a duly 
executed and completed statement (the "Payment Statement in Respect of the Book-entry Notes") in the form  
set out as Annex I of this Base Prospectus which shall include the following information:  
• 
Identification of the Book-entry Notes; 
• 
Date on which relevant payment is made; 
• 
Total amount of the income paid by the Issuer; 
• 
Amount of the income corresponding to individuals resident in Spain that are Personal Income 
Tax payers; and  
• 
Amount of the income that must be paid on a gross basis. 
 
5 
The proposed European financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating

--- Page 180 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 180 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate and participating Member States may decide not to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Please note that this is for general information purposes only and is not intended to be nor shall it be deemed 
to be, or constitute legal advice. 
The Spanish financial transactions tax 
On 16 October 2020, Act 5/2020 of 15 October 2020 on the Spanish Financial Transactions Tax (the 
"Spanish FTT" and the "FTT Law" as appropriate) was approved by the Spanish government and 
published in the Spanish Official Gazette. The Spanish FTT is levied on acquisitions for consideration of 
shares in certain Spanish companies. Moreover, the Spanish FTT is based on the so-called principle of 
issue and raises a 0.2% tax on all purchases of shares issued in Spain by listed companies with over €1,000 
million market capitalisation. The tax is payable by investment services firms and credit institutions acting 
on their own account. 
The list of in-scope shares will be published on the Spanish tax authorities’ website before 31 December 
each year. According to the terms of the Spanish FTT Law, this tax should not apply to the acquisition of 
the Notes. 
Perspective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Spanish 
FTT. 
Set out below is Annex I. The information has been presented in English only as the language of this Base 
Prospectus is English. The English has been translated from the original Spanish and such translations 
constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. However, only the Spanish 
language text of Annex I is recognised under Spanish law. In the event of any discrepancy between the 
Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the corresponding English 
translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language version of the relevant 
certificate only.

--- Page 181 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 181 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
ANNEX I 
 
ANNEX TO ROYAL DECREE 1065/2007, OF 27 JULY, APPROVING THE GENERAL 
REGULATIONS OF THE TAX INSPECTION AND MANAGEMENT PROCEDURES AND 
DEVELOPING THE COMMON RULES OF THE PROCEDURES TO APPLY TAXES 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax 
inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply 
taxes 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (...)(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification 
number (....)(1) and address in (...) as (function - mark as applicable): 
(a) Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form. 
(b) Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems domiciled 
in the Spanish territory. 
(d) Fiscal Agent appointed by the issuer. 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1. In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 Identification of the securities…………………………………………………… 
1.2 Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
1.3 Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at discount or 
are segregated) 
1.4 Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved.................. 
1.5 Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to be 
refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2. In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 Identification of the securities…………………………………………………….. 
2.2 
Income 
payment 
date 
(or 
refund 
if 
the 
securities 
are 
issued 
at 
discount 
or 
are 
segregated) …………………………………………………… 
2.3 Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
2.4 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in 
a foreign country A. 
2.5 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in 
a foreign country B. 
2.6 Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in 
a foreign country C. 
I declare the above in .................. .... on the.... of ................... ... of .... 
(1)In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be included the 
number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 182 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 182 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers (as defined in an amended 
and restated Dealer Agreement dated 13 June 2024 (the "Dealer Agreement")). The arrangements under which 
Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in the 
Dealer Agreement and made between the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter 
alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes 
will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable 
by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or 
termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is 
specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered 
and sold, and will not offer and sell, Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant tranche,  within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Accordingly, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that neither it, nor its 
affiliates nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts 
with respect to the Notes, and that it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer has also agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling commission, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from 
it a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Securities except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.  Terms 
used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
Terms used in this section have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the 
purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 183 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 183 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms thereto  (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision
 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(b) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantors; 
and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that has 
not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, "resident 
of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan. 
Switzerland 
(a) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that, subject to paragraph (b) below:

--- Page 184 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 184 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in or into Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018, as amended (the "FinSA"), except 
to (y) any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the FinSA, or (z) 
in another circumstances falling within article 36 of the FinSA, provided, in each case, that no 
such offer of Notes shall require the publication of a prospectus and/or the publication of a key 
information document (Basisinformationsblatt) ("KID") (or an equivalent document pursuant 
to the FinSA), and will not be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to any Notes (y) constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the 
FinSA or a KID (or an equivalent document pursuant to the FinSA), or (z) has been or will be 
filed with or approved by a review body within the meaning of article 52 of the FinSA; and 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor other offering or marketing material 
relating to any Notes may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland in a manner 
which would require the publication of a prospectus or a KID (or an equivalent document) in 
Switzerland pursuant to the FinSA. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, 
(i) 
in the case of any Tranche of Notes to be issued (y) that has a minimum denomination of at least 
CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency), and (z) with respect to which no application 
to admit such Notes to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland will be made, such Notes may be publicly offered in Switzerland in reliance on the 
applicable exemption from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under the FinSA; 
and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in respect of any Tranche of Notes to be issued, the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
may agree that (y) such Notes may be publicly offered in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
FinSA and/or (z) an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to admit such Notes 
to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, provided 
that the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) agree to comply, and comply, with any applicable 
requirements of the FinSA in connection with such offering and/or application for admission to 
trading (including, if applicable, the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under the 
FinSA). 
(c) 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that under no circumstances may Notes with a derivative character within the meaning 
of article 86(2) of the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance of 6 November 2019, as amended, be offered 
or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland, unless a KID (or an 
equivalent document under the FinSA) has been prepared in relation to such Notes. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA.  
Kingdom of Spain

--- Page 185 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 185 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
Each Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed that the offers of the Notes in Spain will be directed 
specifically at or made to professional clients (clientes profesionales) as this term is defined in Article 194 of the 
Spanish Law 6/2023, of 17 March, on the Securities Markets and the Investment Services (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de 
marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión) (as amended or replaced from time to time, 
the "Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law"), and Article 112 of Royal Decree 813/2023, 
of 8 November, on the legal regime applicable to investment services companies and other entities providing 
investment services (Real Decreto 813/2023, de 8 de noviembre, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de 
servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión)  (as amended or replaced from 
time to time), and eligible counterparties (contrapartes elegibles) as defined in Article 196 of the Spanish 
Securities Markets and Investment Services Law. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply to the best of its knowledge and 
belief (on reasonable grounds after making all reasonable investigations) with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its 
own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the 
Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable. 
The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under the 
Dealer Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes, including in the event that certain conditions 
precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on the Issue Date. In this situation, the issuance of the Notes 
may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or Dealers in respect of any expense incurred 
or loss suffered in these circumstances.

--- Page 186 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 186 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of (i) the sole shareholder of the 
Issuer passed on 23 June 2009; (ii) the sole manager of Red Eléctrica passed on 23 June 2009; and (iii) the 
Board of Directors of Redeia Corporación passed on 28 May 2009. The authorisation of the increase of the 
amount of the programme was duly authorised by resolutions of (i) the sole shareholder of the Issuer passed 
on 20 May 2015; (ii) the administration body of Red Eléctrica passed on 20 May 2015; and (iii) the 
administration body of Redeia Corporación passed on 28 April 2015. The update of the Programme was 
duly authorised by resolutions of (i) the sole shareholder of the Issuer passed on 14 May 2024; (ii) the 
administration body of Red Eléctrica passed on 14 May 2024; and (iii) the administration body of Redeia 
Corporación passed on 30 April 2024. The Issuer and each Guarantor has obtained or will obtain from time 
to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance 
of the Notes and the giving of the guarantees relating to them. 
2 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
To the best of the Issuer's and the Guarantors' knowledge, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer or the 
Guarantors are aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Guarantors. 
3 
Significant/Material Change 
Since 31 December 2023 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the 
Guarantors. To the best of the Issuer's and the Red Eléctrica's knowledge, since 31 December 2023, there 
has been no significant change in the financial position or performance of the Issuer or Red Eléctrica. To 
the best of Redeia Corporación's knowledge, since 31 March 2024, there has been no significant change in 
the financial position of the Group or financial performance of Redeia Corporación. 
4 
Independent Auditors 
The Spanish language original consolidated annual accounts of Redeia Corporación and its consolidated 
subsidiaries as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, the Spanish language original non-consolidated 
annual accounts of Red Eléctrica as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the Spanish language 
non-consolidated original accounts of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been 
audited and a report has been issued, without qualification, by KPMG Auditores, S.L. of Paseo de la 
Castellana, 259 C 28046 Madrid, registered with the Madrid Commercial Register under volume 11,961 
and sheet M-188007, and registered with the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (ROAC) under 
number S0702 (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas). KPMG Auditores, S.L. is a member of the 
Instituto de Censores Jurados de Cuentas de España. 
The Spanish language original consolidated annual accounts of Redeia Corporación and its consolidated 
subsidiaries as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023, the Spanish language original non-consolidated 
annual accounts of Red Eléctrica as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the Spanish language 
non-consolidated original accounts of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 have been 
audited and a report for each of these annual accounts has been issued, without qualification, by Ernst & 
Young, S.L. located at Calle Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, 65, 28003, Madrid, Spain, and registered in 
the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas).  
5 
Documents on Display 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected during 
normal business hours at the offices of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch at 21 Moorfields, London 
EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents (estatutos) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the constitutive documents (estatutos) of each of the Guarantors;

--- Page 187 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 187 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
(c) 
the English translation of the audited non-consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer as at and 
for each of the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles in Spain; 
(d) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts of Redeia Corporación, 
Sociedad Anónima and its consolidated subsidiaries as at and for each of the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union; 
(e) 
the English translation of the unaudited Financial Results of Redeia Corporación, Sociedad 
Anónima for the three month period ended 31 March 2024; 
(f) 
the English translation of the audited non-consolidated annual accounts of Red Eléctrica de 
España, Sociedad Anónima Unipersonal as at and for each of the years ended 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
in Spain; 
(g) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 33 to 72 of the base prospectus dated 13 
June 2023 relating to the Programme; 
(h) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 32 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 4 
June 2020 relating to the Programme; 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 54 of the base prospectus dated 4 
June 2019 relating to the Programme; 
(j) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 2 
June 2017 relating to the Programme; 
(k) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 28 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 3 
June 2015 relating to the Programme; 
(l) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 27 to 60 of the base prospectus dated 3 
June 2014 relating to the Programme; 
(m) 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
(n) 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
(o) 
the Deed of Covenant and the Book-entry Deed of Covenant; 
(p) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
and 
(q) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form). 
This Base Prospectus will be available together with the relevant final terms of each Tranche of Notes, in 
electronic format, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and the Guarantor 
(https://www.redeia.com/en/shareholders-and-investors/bonds/programs-and-bonds-issues). 
Copies of the documents referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) and (m) to (o) will be available for inspection 
at the website of the Guarantor (www.redeia.com).  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website of the Guarantor and/or the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
6 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Bearer Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear Bank SA/NV, of 1 Boulevard du 
Roi Albert II, B-120 Brussels, Belgium and Clearstream Banking S.A., of 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-

--- Page 188 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 188 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
1855 Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number 
in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final 
Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance 
together with any further appropriate information. 
7 
Ratings 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, each of Fitch and S&P has rated the Programme A- (long-term) 
and F1 (short-term), and A- (long-term) and A-2 (short-term), respectively. The meaning of such ratings 
are as follows: 
Fitch: 
A- (long-term): High credit quality. ‘A’ ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for 
payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings (The modifiers 
"+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories). 
F1 (short-term): Highest Short-Term Credit Quality. Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely 
payment of financial commitments; may have an added "+" to denote any exceptionally strong credit 
feature.  
S&P: 
A- (long-term): An obligation rated 'A' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still strong (Ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' 
may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the rating 
categories). 
A-2 (short-term): A short-term obligation rated 'A-2' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher rating categories. 
However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is satisfactory. 
8 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 9598006P00EGK6U2SG18. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of Redeia Corporación is 5493009HMD0C90GUV498. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of Red Eléctrica is 54930070W8XSY31XK130.

--- Page 189 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 189 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
RED ELÉCTRICA FINANCIACIONES, SOCIEDAD ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL 
Paseo del Conde de los Gaitanes, 177 
28109 Alcobendas (Madrid) 
Spain 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTORS 
REDEIA CORPORACIÓN, SOCIEDAD 
ANÓNIMA 
Paseo del Conde de los Gaitanes, 177 
28109 Alcobendas (Madrid) 
Spain 
RED ELÉCTRICA DE ESPAÑA, SOCIEDAD 
ANÓNIMA UNIPERSONAL 
Paseo del Conde de los Gaitanes, 177 
28109 Alcobendas (Madrid) 
Spain 
ARRANGER 
DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, 
S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Asia Building 1st floor 
C/Sauceda 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid  
Spain 
 
BARCLAYS BANK IRELAND PLC 
 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, Ireland,  
D02 RF29 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France

--- Page 190 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 190 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
CAIXABANK, S.A. 
Calle del Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS EUROPE 
AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
J.P. MORGAN SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG, LONDON BRANCH 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
DEUTSCHE BANK LUXEMBOURG, S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg

--- Page 191 ---
10284434992-v23 
- 191 - 
66-41074106 
 
 
 
LOCAL PAYING AGENT 
DEUTSCHE BANK, S.A.E. UNIPERSONAL 
Paseo de la Castellana, 18 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantors 
as to Spanish law: 
J&A GARRIGUES, S.L.P. 
Hermosilla, 3 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
To the Dealers as to English and 
Spanish law: 
CLIFFORD CHANCE, S.L.P. 
Paseo de la Castellana 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS 
For the year ended 31 December 2022 
For the year ended 31 December 2023 
KPMG AUDITORES, S.L. 
ERNST & YOUNG, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 C 
Calle Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, 65 
28046 Madrid 
28003, Madrid 
Spain 
Spain