--- Page 1 ---
-i- 
- 
Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2023                                                                          
 
 
RÉGIE AUTONOME DES TRANSPORTS PARISIENS 
Euro 7,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the 
"Base Prospectus"), Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens (the "Issuer" or "RATP"), subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium 
Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed 
Euro 7,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) and may be denominated in any currency. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as may be amended from time to time, the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") 
in France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation and pursuant to the 
French Code monétaire et financier and received the approval no. 23-323 on 19 July 2023. The AMF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application may be made (i) to the regulated market of Euronext Paris S.A. ("Euronext Paris") for Notes 
issued under the Programme during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval of this 
Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading and/or (ii) to the competent 
authority of any other member state of the European Economic Area ("EEA") for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such member 
state, provided that the Base Prospectus is completed by one or more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated by 
reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect investors' assessment of the Notes. After 28 July 2024, 
the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply.  
Euronext Paris is a regulated market (a "Regulated Market") for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("EU MiFID II"). Notes which are not listed and admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The applicable final terms 
in respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms"), a form of which is contained herein, will specify 
whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. 
and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued 
in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) 
inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central 
depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream") or in registered dematerialised

--- Page 2 ---
-ii- 
- 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 
1.3(iv) of the Terms and Conditions below), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which 
case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the applicable 
Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in 
which case they will be inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A 
temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global 
Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global 
Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, 
coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth calendar day after 
the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued 
in respect of Materialised Notes" below) upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more 
fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) 
intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be deposited on the issue date 
with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and (b) in the case of 
a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
The Issuer is rated Aa2 (outlook stable) by Moody's France S.A.S ("Moody's") and AA- (outlook stable) 
by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). Each of Moody's and Fitch is established in the European 
Economic Area and is registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). Each of Moody's and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in 
accordance with EU CRA Regulation and they appear on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies on the ESMA website https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Neither Moody’s nor Fitch is established in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or are registered in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings of Moody's and Fitch have been 
endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and Fitch Ratings Ltd, respectively, in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody's and 
Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Where 
Notes are rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not a 
rating in relation to any Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Economic Area or in the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus each of 
Moody's and Fitch appear on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the minimum 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
This Base Prospectus (including any supplements to this Base Prospectus) and the documents incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus will be made available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-ratp/newsroom/corporate/publications-legales) and this Base Prospectus 
(including any supplements to this Base Prospectus) will be available on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk 
Factors" in this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest in the Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 3 ---
-iii- 
- 
Arranger for the Programme 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers  
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
DEUTSCHE BANK  
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN 
LA BANQUE POSTALE 
NATIXIS 
 SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING

--- Page 4 ---
-iv- 
- 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus including the documents incorporated by reference thereto (together with any 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each a "Supplement" and together the 
"Supplements")) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purpose of giving all necessary information with regard to the Issuer and the Notes 
which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is material to an investor for making 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of 
the Issuer, the rights attached to the Notes, the reasons for the issuance of Notes and its impact on the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement thereto, all 
documents which are incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below) and 
with the applicable Final Terms. The Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or 
on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes and should not 
be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of 
the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other information incorporated by reference should purchase 
the Notes.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information 
on the website which appears in the documents incorporated by reference) unless that information is 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in the Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the 
Arranger or any Dealer (as defined in "General Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or its subsidiaries and affiliates, taken 
as a whole (the "Group" or the "RATP Group") or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer or the Group, in each case since the date hereof or the date upon which this document 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any offering materials and the offering or sale of 
the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession the Base 
Prospectus comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes 
have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and may include Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act or in the case of Materialised 
Notes in bearer form, the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended). For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, 
see "Subscription and Sale". 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger has separately verified or makes any representation, express or implied, 
or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this 
Base Prospectus. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in the Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of 
any of the Dealers or the Arranger.  
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment 
for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
-v- 
- 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the 
other matters referred to above.  
Neither the Issuer, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws 
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance 
by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it.  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the 
Notes are acquired, sold or transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements 
of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. 
Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or 
in the Final Terms (which does not constitute tax advice) but to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on 
their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only 
these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
In the Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "Euro", 
"EUR" or "€" are to the lawful currency of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency introduced in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (as amended), 
references to "Canadian Dollars" or "CAD" are to the lawful currency of Canada, references to 
"Australian dollars" or "AUD" are to the lawful currency of Australia, references to "New Zealand 
dollars" or "NZD" are to the lawful currency of New Zealand, references to "Sterling", "GBP" or "£" are 
to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "Hong Kong dollars" or "HKD" are to the 
lawful currency of Hong Kong, references to "Swiss francs" or "CHF" are to the lawful currency of 
Switzerland, references to "Japanese yen", "JPY" or "yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan and 
references to "U.S.$", "USD" or "dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended. "EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
on insurance distribution (the "Insurance Distribution Directive", as amended or superseded), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on 
immediately before exit day to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail

--- Page 6 ---
-vi- 
- 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
determination of the target market of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in 
item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to EU 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement 
entitled "Brexit: our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
Notification under Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 – The Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" 
which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) (the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination and provide 
the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of 
the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Important notice relating to Eligible Green Projects 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social and environmental assessment (as applicable) 
of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (as defined below) or makes any representation or warranty or 
assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", 
"sustainable", social or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use or allocation of 
proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds nor 
do any of the Dealers undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible Green Projects to 
allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds in full.  
Moreover, if Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on a specific segment of any stock exchange for 
Green Bonds, or included in an index or indices, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation 
as to the satisfaction of such Green Bonds to fulfil the criteria of such specific segments, index or indices, 
or, if Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading, that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion 
in such index or indices, will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
In addition none of the Dealers makes any representation nor has conducted any due diligence on the 
Issuer's Green Bond Framework (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" below). Vigeo Eiris has issued a

--- Page 7 ---
-vii- 
- 
Second Party Opinion (as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds" below) on the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the 
Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with 
an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. The 
Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes and is current only as 
of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion 
or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be 
amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. The 
Issuer's Green Bond Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from 
any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green Bond Framework, the Second Party 
Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference 
in, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
- 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 24 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................... 30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 31 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ..... 59 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 60 
REGIE AUTONOME DES TRANSPORTS PARISIENS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................ 61 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF SECURITIES TO 
BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN EU REGULATED MARKET .................................................. 80 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 93 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 97 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................... 100

--- Page 9 ---
-1- 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. It constitutes a 
general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus 
within the meaning of Article 7 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof 
and it does not purport to be complete.  
Issuer 
Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
969500K59E47ULNCAQ69 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
Bank, 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC 
Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, La Banque Postale, 
Natixis and Société Générale 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
Dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect 
of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus 
to "Permanent Dealers" are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons which are appointed 
as Dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and to "Dealers" are to 
all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a Dealer 
in respect of one or more Tranches. The identity of the 
Dealer(s) in respect of a specific Tranche will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
Fiscal Agent and Principal 
Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas. 
Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas. 
Programme Limit 
Up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer, the relevant Dealers and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity greater than one month. 
Denominations 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that (i) in case 
of any Notes which are to be listed or admitted to trading on 
a regulated market of a member state of the EEA, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
Notes); and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by then current 
laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) having a maturity of less than one year and in respect

--- Page 10 ---
-2- 
 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes 
a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 will have a minimum denomination of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).  
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (other than in respect of the first payment of 
interest), the Notes of that Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the 
same or different issue dates, on a continuous basis with no 
minimum issue size. Further Notes may be issued as part of 
an existing Series. 
Form of Notes 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form 
("Dematerialised 
Notes") 
or 
in 
materialised 
form 
("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be 
issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such 
latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré). No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination and Title". 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. 
A temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in 
respect of each Tranche of Materialised Notes. Materialised 
Notes may only be issued outside France. See "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination and Title" 
below. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount. Partly-paid Notes may 
be issued, the Issue Price of which will be payable in two or 
more instalments. The Issue Price of the Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series as follows: 
(i) 
by reference to EURIBOR or by reference to a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as may be 
determined by the Independent Adviser if a Benchmark 
Event occurs, as adjusted for (i) any applicable 
adjustment spread (in the case of a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate only);  
(ii) by reference to SONIA, calculated using either "Lag 
Method" or the "Observation Shift Method"; or

--- Page 11 ---
-3- 
 
(iii) by reference to €STR, calculated using either "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift", 
and any applicable margin. Interest periods will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of 
interest basis is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Dual Currency Notes 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and 
whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency 
Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on such 
rates of exchange as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Interest Periods and Rates 
of Interest 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable rate of interest or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes 
may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, 
or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes 
to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. 
All such information will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. The minimum/maximum interest rate (that is the 
reference rate plus any applicable Margin) shall at all times 
not be less than zero. 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs (as defined in Condition 4.4(b)), 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate (as such terms are defined in 
Condition 4.4(b)), the related adjustment and/or amendments 
to the terms of the relevant Series of Notes are further 
described in Condition 4.4(b). 
Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
specify the basis for calculating the redemption amounts 
payable. Unless permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) 
having a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue 
and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 will have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Redemption by Instalments 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes 
which are redeemable in two or more instalments will set out 
the dates on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes 
may be redeemed. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed before their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption.

--- Page 12 ---
-4- 
 
Status of the Notes 
The 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer all as 
described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Status". 
Negative Pledge 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge". 
Cross Default 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of Default". 
Rating 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's 
and Fitch are credit rating agencies established in the 
European Economic Area, registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit rating agencies ("EU 
CRA Regulation") and included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk). Neither Moody’s nor Fitch is established in 
the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or are registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
The ratings of Moody's and Fitch have been endorsed by 
Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and 
have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each 
of Moody's and Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in 
the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Where 
a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to other Notes issued under 
the Programme. The applicable Final Terms will specify 
whether or not credit ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Economic Area or the UK 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Early Redemption 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity 
only for tax reasons. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of French withholding taxes, 
subject as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation). In the event 
that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7 
(Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
Governing 
Law 
and 
Jurisdiction 
French law. 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, 
Coupons or Talons will be submitted to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the competent courts in Paris. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
Each Series issued under the Programme may be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other stock 
exchange as may be agreed between the Issuer and the

--- Page 13 ---
-5- 
 
relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution 
of 
offering 
material 
in 
various 
jurisdictions. 
See 
"Subscription and Sale".  
The Notes to be issued by the Issuer qualify under Category 
2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with US 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") unless the 
applicable Final Terms state that such Materialised Notes are 
issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), or (ii) such Materialised Notes 
are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C 
Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute "registration required obligations" under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA"), which circumstance will be referred to in the 
applicable Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable. 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to Dematerialised Notes. 
Clearing Systems  
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or any other clearing 
system (provided proper clearing and settlement procedures 
have previously been put in place) that may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer 
in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Central Depositary 
Use of Proceeds 
Euroclear France in relation to Dematerialised Notes. 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for 
the financing of the Issuer's investment programme or the 
buy-back of outstanding bonds of the Issuer. If there is 
another particular identified use of proceeds, such as that 
described below, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the net 
proceeds of an issue of Notes concerns one or more of the 
Eligible Green Projects (as defined in the section "Use of 
Proceeds").

--- Page 14 ---
-6- 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the risk factors set out 
below are limited to those that are specific to the Issuer and the Notes and material to an informed investor's 
decision to invest in the Notes. 
 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference 
represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme. Prospective 
investors should read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any 
documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Main risk factors 
The following table classifies the main risk factors to which RATP Group is exposed into six categories: 
(1) Strategy, (2) Governance, (3) Operations, (4) HR/Social, (5) Environment/Health and (6) 
Financial/Purchase. 
In order to determine the importance of each of these risks, they were assessed in relation to their probability 
of occurrence and the extent of their negative impact, taking into account the effect of the risk management 
measures put in place. This approach of “net risk” is in compliance with the ESMA Guidelines on risk 
factors. Moreover for each category, the risks are listed in decreasing order of importance, according to a 
three-level criticality scale (“net risk”): high, medium and low.

--- Page 15 ---
-7- 
 
medium
Description of the main risk factors 
For description of risk management measures related to these risk factors please refer to the 2021 financial 
and CSR report section “Internal control and risk management”. 
Strategy 
  Business model Robustness 
The ORTF law of 2009 provides for a gradual opening up to competition of the networks in the Paris region 
operated by RATP. The first deadline is for the Paris bus network in 2025, then the tram network in 2030, 
and finally the Metro and RER networks in 2040. These deadlines are being actively prepared because this 
opening up to competition calls for a profound transformation of the company and a review of its 
organisation.  
The opening of the bus network in Paris and its suburbs to competition in 2025 concerns 19,000 RATP 
EPIC employees out of a total of 45,000. These employees, who directly or indirectly contribute to the bus 
activity by working on operational workstations (bus drivers, rolling stock maintenance operators, etc.) or 
on support functions, will be transferred, when rights expire, to the winning bidders of the lots concerned, 
regardless of whether they are subsidiaries of RATP CAP Île-de-France or of another group. 
The law provides that IDFM will buy back the buses and bus depots at their net book value in 2025. The 
impact on RATP Group’s income statement of opening up the operation of Paris bus networks to 
competition is difficult to predict at this stage, as it will depend on the outcome of the tenders, the intensity 
of competition in the market, the market share that RATP Group will ultimately capture, and the transition 
and restructuring costs associated with the removal of the bus business from the scope of RATP EPIC. 
In addition, under the French Mobility Orientation Law, the infrastructure manager and security operator 
activities, carried out as a monopoly by RATP, are now regulated by an independent authority, the 
Transportation Regulation Authority (ART – Autorité de Régulation des Transports, which monitors the 
separation of accounts for these activities and their pricing principles and methods. 
In addition, the Covid-19 pandemic has had a long-term impact on the economic fundamentals of public 
transport, the demand for mobility and the expectations of passengers and public transport employees. 
There was a slight decrease in traffic on the rail network compared to the 2019 level (pre-Covid-19 crisis), 
a decrease linked to the development of teleworking, the effects of which vary depending on the day of the 
week, in particular on Fridays. In addition, macroeconomic conditions have deteriorated in 2022, with an 
increase in inflation, energy costs and labour pressures (absenteeism and recruitment difficulties), supply 
tensions and a rise in interest rates.  
This macroeconomic context penalises all stakeholders, first and foremost local authorities and regional 
authorities, whose finances are increasingly constrained (insufficient tax revenues and traffic revenues to 
cover the increase in costs). It also penalises operators, who experience a scissors effect between sharply 
rising payroll and energy costs, and public contributions that change more slowly, due to imperfect 
indexation. 
In this context, RATP Group must strengthen and adapt its business model by reducing and making its 
production and structural costs more flexible, improving its capacity to provide service coverage and by 
diversifying its portfolio of activities, by developing its activities in France and abroad in the field of public 
transport, or by offering new services that complement its historical activities, particularly in the field of 
urban services and digital technology.  
The Eastern Europe conflict is an aggravating factor which exposes the Group to:  
− pressure on wages and energy, affecting production costs;

--- Page 16 ---
-8- 
 
medium
high
high
− potential financial difficulties for public transport authorities, affected by cost increases and the 
impact of the economic slowdown on tax revenues, which could lead to difficulties in paying 
contributions, reduction of the service or postponement of investment projects. 
Inflation is another aggravating factor which has a significant financial impact for the Group as it has 
reached 5.4% in 2022, compared with 1.6% in 2021. It led the company to implement several significant 
salary increases during the year (i.e. a 5.2% increase in the average wages of employees in place) to preserve 
the purchasing power of employees. Despite a hedging policy that made it possible to absorb the shock in 
2022, RATP also suffered a sharp increase in energy prices, due in particular to tensions on gas supply, the 
price of which doubled between 2021 and 2022. In total, after application of the indexation clauses provided 
for in the contract with Île-de-France Mobilités, the negative impact of inflation on operating income was 
–€96 million.  
Governance 
 Cyber-risk  
The security of information systems is subject to increased vigilance due to the rise in cybercrime threats, 
as well as higher international tensions and state-sponsored threats. Cyberattacks can take many forms and 
attackers have various intentions: malicious motives, sabotage or information theft. The impacts for a 
company can be very significant: degradation of services, loss of data, repair costs, reputational impacts, 
etc. 
RATP Group, like all major European operators, is exposed to a significant cybersecurity risk. It covers not 
only its social and economic activity but also its industrial systems. 
The Group also pays a specific attention to the intensification of geopolitical tensions over technology and 
applies ANSSI recommendations to monitor and fight cyber threats. 
The 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games is an aggravating factor which increases the exposure of the 
Group to this risk considering the high level of attacks observed in the hosting cities during the preceding 
games. 
 
 Terrorist Attack Risk  
As a major player in the economic life of the Île-de-France region and a French corporate group with an 
international presence, RATP Group has to pay particular attention to the risk of terrorist attacks, especially 
in the context of an increased threat to French interests, both at home and abroad.  
Faced with terrorism on its premises, as occurred in 1995 (Saint-Michel station) and 1996 (Port-Royal 
station), RATP strives to identify and prevent, on an ongoing basis, the various scenarios according to 
which acts of a terrorist nature could be committed and target the trains, buses, passenger buildings, 
infrastructures and networks operated by RATP Group. 
The 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games is an aggravating factor which increases the exposure of the 
Group to this risk considering the global reach of this event and the high volume of person which are 
expected to attend the Games (10,500 athletes and 10 million spectators) and will use public transport. 
 Non-compliance risks 
The integrity and development of RATP Group’s activities are based on a zero-tolerance policy towards 
malpractice and a total rejection of corruption and influence peddling in all its forms, the fight against 
conflicts of interest and fraud, and strict compliance with competition rules.  
The main compliance risks addressed include situations where RATP Group is in the position of purchaser, 
or of bidder in calls for tenders. These risks underlie all aspects of our operations and can take the form, in

--- Page 17 ---
-9- 
 
medium
medium
medium
everyday business life, of gifts, invitations, conflicts of interest, sponsorships, patronage, lobbying and 
facilitation payments. 
Irrespective of the fact that a breach of compliance rules would be contrary to the Group’s values, the 
occurrence of this risk would have a significant impact on its image and would harm its development in 
current and future markets. This impact may involve financial penalties of up to 10% of consolidated 
revenue for competition rules, €5 million for corruption in France, or even several hundred million euros 
in the event of international corruption. 
 Risk related to the respect of Ethics rules  
The approach adopted by the RATP Group is that any employee, faced with a sensitive and/or 
unprecedented situation, must be able to make a relevant decision that respects the code of ethics, complies 
with the legal rules in force, and is mindful of the requirements expected by its stakeholders. 
In terms of ethics, there are multiple risk factors given the increased sensitivity of society to discrimination 
and to the different forms of harassment; the need to respect human rights and gender equality; and the 
desire to reinforce French republican principles, particularly secularism and religious neutrality. 
The occurrence of this risk could have an impact on the Group’s reputation and would be in contradiction 
with the ever-increasing concerns of stakeholders and investors. 
 
 Risk related to the respect of personal data protection  
Personal data protection is addressed under the European general data protection regulation 2016/679 
(GDPR), which entered directly into force in European Union member States on 25 May 2018.  
The risk identified for RATP Group is an intentional or negligent GDPR breach in relation to the 
management of customer and employee data, giving rise to criminal and/or financial penalties. The risk of 
damage to the Group’s image is just as great with the opening up to competition. 
GDPR compliance is currently being reinforced within the Group. In this transitional phase, the Group is 
exposed to the risk of maintaining isolated non-compliant practices. In accordance with the GDPR, the 
maximum penalty is 4% of the Group’s revenue, which represents over €200 million. 
Following the denunciation in the press in mid-2020 by trade unions representatives of the use of non-
compliant personal staff databases by some operational units, the Commission Nationale de l’Informatique 
et des Libertés (CNIL – National Commission for Information Technology and Civil Liberties) conducted 
an investigation within the company. The procedure was closed with the decision to impose a €400,000 
fine for three breaches, a decision made public on 4 November 2021. As these breaches were contrary to 
company policy, sanctions were taken against several managers identified as responsible for these practices. 
This episode has highlighted the need to strengthen awareness and control measures within operational 
units.  
Operations 
 Road safety risk 
Road safety is an important marker for RATP Group, which operates networks in the Île-de-France region, 
the rest of France and abroad. In the Île-de-France region, for example, issues related to road safety are 
essential given the large number of drivers (16,000) and the fleet of around 4,800 buses that travel the dense 
urban network every day. 
This passenger transport activity carries various risk factors regarding:

--- Page 18 ---
-10- 
 
medium
medium
− compliance with regulatory requirements, as regards regulations relating to passenger transport, notably 
in working conditions, the highway code and vehicle road-worthiness testing reference framework;  
− traffic conditions, particularly in dense areas; 
− steering and management of road safety. 
In the Île-de-France region, as well as for the networks operated in France and internationally, a decrease 
is observed since 2017 in the evolution of accidents on the bus network (4.83 accidents per 100,000 
kilometres in 2022 compared with 7.01 in 2017). 
The 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games is an aggravating factor which increases the exposure of the 
Group to this risk considering the very high volume of people who are expected to attend the Games (10,500 
athletes and 10 million spectators) and will be using public transport throughout the Ile de France region. 
RATP will have to deal with complex constraints while providing transport under exceptional conditions 
of use of the networks. 
 
 Infrastructure availability risk 
The availability of the infrastructure management’s metro and RER rail network infrastructure/assets 
(tunnels, bridges, rail tracks, switches, signalling, overhead lines, electrical power supply, etc.) is essential 
for RATP Group to carry out its daily passenger transport tasks. This availability may be threatened 
occasionally or recurrently by risks arising from: 
− internal sources: lack of maintenance, works on the network, inconsistencies in transport systems or 
damage to infrastructure by rolling stock, for example; 
− external sources: climatic events, such as floods and heat waves, which can have an impact on the 
safety and availability of infrastructure (see climate impact risk) or damage to infrastructure caused by 
works carried out by external parties outside the RATP network. 
The unavailability of infrastructure may have a significant impact on the company’s ability to maintain the 
service expected by passengers and its supervisory authority, Île-de-France Mobilités (IDFM), which would 
result in financial penalties and negative consequences for the Group’s image and customer satisfaction. 
 
 Major project management risk 
RATP Group leads a wide variety of investment projects: infrastructure and buildings, industrial equipment 
and systems, rolling stock, IS, etc. 
In view of the high amount of investments committed each year (€2.2 billion in 2022) and expected 
performance, the success of these projects represents a strategic challenge for the company. Beyond the 
commitments to Île-de-France Mobilités, any non-compliance of the project, whether it be a functional 
shortcoming, late delivery, budget overrun or an increase in operating and maintenance costs, therefore 
affects the profitability of the investment and damages the company’s image. 
The management of large projects carries various risk factors, the exposure to which was exacerbated by 
the Covid-19 health crisis:  
− identification and expression of customers' needs and expectations;  
− control of internal and external interfaces throughout the project; 
− assessing the level of complexity of the project and the adequacy of resources (internal and external).  
The multi-year contract (2021-2024) entered into with IDFM provides for an incentive clause to control the 
infrastructure management’s investment costs, applicable to a list of 28 major projects :

--- Page 19 ---
-11- 
 
low
low
• 
in the event of a variation of +/-8% around the target cost, application of a penalty or bonus 
representing 10% of the cost overrun above 8% / - 10% of the cost savings below -8%; 
• 
neutralization of external causes, beyond RATP responsibility. 
• 
assessing the level of complexity of the project and the adequacy of resources (internal and 
external). 
 
 Railway safety risk 
Given its activities, this risk, which could lead to collective or individual accidents such as a train collision, 
derailment, fire, a passenger being dragged along by a train or a passenger falling on the tracks, has been 
identified as a major risk for RATP Group.  
This risk is handled within the company, by each department concerned. On a cross-functional basis, 
various risk factors are constantly monitored and controlled: 
− 
ageing of infrastructure and equipment, which may result from late renewals or inadequate calibration 
of investment priorities; 
− 
lack of control of critical safety interfaces (between rolling stock and infrastructure: rail-wheel, traction 
current collection, gauges); 
− 
lack of safety in the development or renovation of lines, in particular the integration of new interface 
equipment into existing lines; 
− 
lack of oversight or management of railway safety. 
Rail safety is a matter of primary importance and a daily concern for the Group given the potential human 
and financial impacts of an accident. However, net exposure to this risk is considered low, in view of all 
the internal barriers in place to mitigate this risk. 
The accident indicator for combined metro, RER, tram lines, increased significantly in 2022 (9.95 accidents 
per million commercial kilometres in 2022 versus 6.69 in 2021), in line with the rise in the attendance, 
without however reaching the level observed before the health crisis. 2020 and 2021 were indeed marked 
by a significant decrease in the indicator, a consequence of the number of individual passenger incidents 
linked to the strong decrease in passenger traffic during the period. 
 The 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games is an aggravating factor which increases the exposure of the 
Group to this risk considering the high volume of people who are expected to attend the Games (10,500 
athletes and 10 million spectators) and will be using public transport throughout the Ile de France region. 
RATP will have to deal with complex constraints while providing transport under exceptional conditions 
of use of the networks. 
 Fire 
Fire safety and the evacuation conditions of the general public and staff are a major concern for RATP, 
both for the operation and maintenance of transport systems, ERPs and facilities, as well as industrial or 
office sites, and transport sites and systems for which the RATP EPIC is the infrastructure manager, builder 
or operator. 
A fire can have serious human, material, economic and environmental consequences. These consequences 
can be even more dramatic in underground areas: loss of life, destruction of infrastructure and transport 
systems.  
The fire at the Couronnes metro station on 10 August 1903 caused the death of 84 people and prompted 
RATP to define, very early in its history, an ambitious and regularly updated policy to control the risk of 
fire, notably through ongoing actions at all Group levels.

--- Page 20 ---
-12- 
 
medium
high
The energy conversion of RATP Group’s bus fleet is leading to changes in the technologies used, requiring 
increased vigilance on exposure to the risk of electrical fire. Following two recent fires on electric buses (4 
and 29 April 2022), the series of vehicles in question was removed from the fleet of vehicles in operation 
and an independent appraisal was launched to understand the causes of these incidents. 
The 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games is an aggravating factor which increases the exposure of the 
Group to this risk considering the global reach of this event and the high volume of person which are 
expected to attend the Games (10,500 athletes and 10 million spectators) and will use public transport. 
 
HR / Social 
 Absenteeism   
A lack of human resources at the very heart of the RATP group's activities could have a significant impact 
on its ability to conduct operations. Indeed, a persistent high level of absenteeism, particularly in operations 
and maintenance, could lead to a deterioration in the group's economic performance. 
Absenteeism is a global concern for many companies, regardless of their size or sector of activity. The issue 
of absenteeism was highlighted by the Coronavirus 19 pandemic. External factors such as the attractiveness 
of regions outside Ile-de-France in terms of quality of life and cost of living, inflation or changes in 
employee expectations of work also have a negative impact on absenteeism rates. 
In 2022, RATP Group encountered recruitment difficulties in a particularly tight labour market in France, 
London and the United States, combined with the persistence of a high level of absenteeism due to illness, 
despite the improvement in the health situation. This situation has directly penalised the completion of the 
offer and has strongly affected revenue and net income (–€95 million, of which –€70 million for RATP 
Epic and –€17 million for the subsidiaries), through reductions and penalties paid to the transport authorities, 
but also, for RATP, the increase in the deficit of the social insurance scheme borne by the employer. 
The consequences of absenteeism have been identified at RATP and various measures are being taken at 
Group and local levels to improve RATP’s attractiveness as an employer, quality of life at work, and fight 
absenteeism. The factors causing absenteeism are studied through quantitative and qualitative data analysis.  
 
 Occupational risks  
An issue of performance and trust between RATP Group, its employees, and its social and external partners, 
the prevention of occupational risks and the health of employees are at the heart of the 
Group’s daily concerns and actions.  
Given the company’s activities and the Group’s major changes, the most significant risk factors are: 
− assault on employees by a third party, due to a significant amount of customer contact and service to all 
areas of the country, including so-called “sensitive” areas; 
− site safety during infrastructure and space modernisation works, as part of a significant increase in in 
the number of construction sites with the renewal and extension of the public transport services network 
in the Île-de-France region ; 
− employee support regarding change as business lines evolve and the Group changes. 
The main impact feared by the Group is physical injury to an employee or subcontractor, with more than a 
third of workplace accidents being linked to the risk of assault. 
RATP’s occupational accident frequency rate (number of occupational accidents with lost time x 
1,000,000/number of hours worked) decreased steadily and sharply (-36%) in five years, from 40.90 in 
2015 to 26.03 in 2020. Since 2021, there has been an upsurge in occupational accident, a trend that has 
accentuated in 2022 (35.28). The severity rate (number of days lost due to occupational accidents x

--- Page 21 ---
-13- 
 
medium
medium
medium
1,000/number of hours worked), after stabilising until 2019, is again impacted by multiple factors delaying 
the return to employment of employees (extension of work stoppages in a context of pandemic and 
absenteeism). 
The 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games is an aggravating factor which increases the exposure of the 
Group to this risk considering the high volume of people who are expected to attend the Games (10,500 
athletes and 10 million spectators) and will be using public transport throughout the Ile de France region. 
RATP will have to deal with complex constraints while providing transport under exceptional conditions 
of use of the networks. This situation may lead to more tensions and therefore more incivilities. 
 
 Skill availability risk 
As part of its ambitious transformation plan, the Group may encounter difficulties in ensuring the 
availability of the necessary skills to support its development and maintain its expertise. 
To support this development and the deployment of service offers in new markets, the Group must integrate 
new skills and promote employee training and mobility. The challenge is therefore to maintain its key skills, 
to renew them according to new needs and to constantly support the improvement of its employees' skills. 
The risk related to skills concerns both the quality (adequate skills) and the volume of skills (shortage in 
the labour market for certain specific skills), which could have an impact on the Group’s results. 
RATP Group’s exposure to this risk is also increased due to the continued high level of sickness 
absenteeism, despite the end of the health crisis, and a disrupted macroeconomic context which has had a 
negative impact both on recruitments and resignations.  
 
Environment / Health 
 Pandemic risk 
As a public transport company contributing to the daily travel of people and therefore to the smooth running 
of the economy of the cities and regions in which it operates, RATP Group needs a robust and resilient 
organisation, even in a health crisis, to ensure continuity of service while guaranteeing the required level 
of protection of its employees and passengers. 
In the context of the health crisis that the country has been experiencing since 2020, the pandemic risk has 
been identified as one of the risk factors to which the company is particularly exposed. This exposure is 
mainly reflected in the high financial stakes involved, particularly in terms of lost revenue, additional costs 
related to health protection measures and the impact of the crisis on the financial situation of transport 
authorities. Even if the COVID-19 health crisis has eased since 2020-2021, the health risk also carries 
operational issues, related in particular to its impact on employee absenteeism and the application of 
government directives for limiting the impacts of the pandemic: rapid and frequent adaptations of the 
transport offerings, measures to maintain physical distancing and compliance with barrier gestures, 
measures to protect employees and customers through enhanced cleaning and disinfecting of rolling stock 
and spaces, the provision of masks and hydroalcoholic gel to employees. 
Due to the nature of its activities, the company had to deal with two different situations: 
− 
Maintaining the continuity of operational activities with employees who were to continue to visit the 
site; 
− 
Ensuring the continuity of functional activities through the massive application of teleworking. 
 
 Climate events

--- Page 22 ---
-14- 
 
Given its activity, RATP Group is significantly exposed to natural disasters (floods, storms, droughts, etc.) 
and the impacts of climate change (increased episodes of torrential rain and heat waves, or even extreme 
natural hazards). The consequences of these events can go as far as railway accidents, the destruction or 
prolonged unavailability of infrastructure, or the loss of a strategic command post. 
In the Île-de-France region, the heat waves in 2019 and the summer of 2022 required increased monitoring 
of our network (track), including temporary speed limits to avoid rail accidents. The intense rain that fell 
regularly since the summer of 2018 has had a direct impact on the availability of rail transport infrastructure 
(derailment of line B in the summer of 2018). 
In the most extreme case of flooding of the Seine (a major natural risk occurring once every hundred years 
in the Île-de-France region), this would directly and indirectly impact nearly 5 million citizens and 
numerous businesses in the Île-de-France region, with major economic, human and social repercussions. 
Over the last three years, no climatic event has had a significant financial impact on RATP Group (direct 
damage and operating losses).  The most significant incident identified was the collapse of an embankment 
in Courcelles-sur-Yvette in June 2018 (cited above), valued at just over €3 million in direct damages 
(excavation, reconstruction of the ambankment, repair of roads, replacement bus services, etc.) and loss of 
revenues (reimbursement of 50% of Navigo Pass users affected by the incident). 
 
Financial / Purchase 
 Supply chain risk – Industrial railway failure 
RATP Group is carrying out a wide variety of investments (€8.4 billion in 2021-2024), the vast majority of 
which are carried out by the rail industry. 
The rail industry has three types of players:  
− 
assembly manufacturers (or integrators), specialising in the construction of rolling stock, may also be 
present in signalling and automation; 
− 
signalling and automation specialists; 
− 
OEMs, most often specialised in a particular market segment (braking systems, running gear, seats, 
etc.).  
A concentration of these players has occurred over the last ten years, in particular to face competition from 
Asia (mergers, acquisitions, etc.). This concentration weakens customers such as RATP since they have 
less competition. 
In addition, the railway industry is characterised by specific and demanding know-how, and the 
maintenance of this expertise over time, since railway systems have life cycles of up to 40 years.  
However, skills issues are currently observed: inadequate profiles on certain projects (decline in seniority) 
and difficulties in understanding their complexity (slowdown in studies), in particular on control systems 
which must now integrate cyber security. 
Manufacturers are struggling to meet demand due to the concomitance of several major industrial projects 
(SGP, SNCF, RATP, etc.) and a large number of jobs are considered as lacking in the industrial sector 
today to meet the demand (approximately 75,000). 
Since the health crisis, supply difficulties related to the fragility of the supply chain and certain industrial 
choices (increasingly significant outsourcing of suppliers) have had consequences on the organisation and 
cost of markets.

--- Page 23 ---
-15- 
 
low
Finally, the pressure on the supply chains due to macroeconomic and geopolitical context had a direct 
impact on the implementation of RATP’s investment program in 2022, which is down slightly compared 
to 2021 (-7%). 
 
 
 Liquidity risk  
Liquidity risk is the risk that RATP will not have access to sufficient funds to finance its current business 
activities, the investments provided for in its contract with Île-de-France Mobilités, those required for its 
development or any exceptional event that may occur.  
Financial markets can be subject to periods of volatility and lack of liquidity, as evidenced by the closure 
of short-term debt markets during the first weeks of the lockdown linked to the COVID-19 epidemic in the 
spring of 2020. Any downgrading of RATP’s debt rating could increase the cost of refinancing its existing 
bonds and have a negative impact on RATP’s ability to obtain financing. If RATP is unable to access the 
capital markets or other sources of funding at competitive rates for an extended period, its cost of funding 
may increase and its strategy may need to be reassessed. Any of these events could have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition and results of the company. In order to further improve the 
management of its liquidity risk, RATP entered into a revolving credit facility with a drawdown capacity 
of €500 million on 5 July 2022. 
 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
In assessing the materiality of each risk below, the Issuer has considered the probability of its occurrence 
and the magnitude of its impact. The risk factors have been presented in a limited number of categories 
depending on their nature. The risks which the Issuer considers to be the most material are set out first in 
each category (and in no particular order of importance between categories).  
1. 
Risks Relating to all Series of Notes 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, benefitting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees, the Noteholders 
can only rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. The Issuer is rated Aa2 
(outlook stable) by Moody’s and AA- (outlook stable) by Fitch and the value of the Notes will depend on 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the level of such credit rating (as may be impacted by the risks relating 
to the Issuer described above). If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on 
the Noteholders could be very significant because (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its 
payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease, in particular if the 
credit rating deteriorates, and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated 
Market as may be agreed with the Issuer. An active trading market for the Notes may not develop and if 
one does develop, it may not be maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or 
is not maintained, there may be a material adverse effect on the market or trading price and liquidity of the 
Notes. 
This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The degree 
of liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price at which an investor can dispose of the Notes 
where the investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. In such circumstances, the impact 
of this risk on the Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely have to be resold at a discount to

--- Page 24 ---
-16- 
 
the nominal value of the Notes. Furthermore, if additional and competing products are introduced in the 
markets, this may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, waivers and substitution 
Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders) contains provisions for consulting Noteholders on matters affecting 
their interests generally. Subject to the provisions of the Final Terms, the Noteholders will, in respect of all 
Tranches in any Series, be automatically grouped for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as 
defined in Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders). Noteholders can adopt measures either through a 
general meeting (the "General Meetings") or by consent following a written consultation (the "Written 
Resolutions").  
The Terms and Conditions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority or Noteholders who did not consent to a Written Resolution.  
While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Terms and Conditions will need to be amended by 
way of a General Meeting or Written Resolution during the life of the Notes, if such a General Meeting 
were to take place or such a Written Resolution were to be taken, it is possible that a majority of Noteholders 
could adopt a decision that would modify the Terms and Conditions in a way that could impair or limit the 
rights of the Noteholders, for example by waiving certain rights temporarily or permanently or by amending 
the financial conditions of the Notes and reducing their yield for Noteholders. These amendments could in 
turn have the effect of having a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.  
Change of Law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on French law and EU rules in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. Possible judicial decisions or changes in French law, EU rules or their official application 
or interpretation after the date of this Base Prospectus could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including 
those of the Noteholders. If any change in law was unfavourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders, it could 
have an adverse or a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes (depending on the nature of 
the change) and could have potentially negative repercussions on the Noteholders' investment in the Notes. 
The risk of changes in law is higher for Notes with longer maturities. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency"). The 
Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of 
factors, including financial, economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) 
the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate., as well as the availability of the Specified 
Currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such 
Note. 
If this risk were to materialise, the Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent 
principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be negatively 
impacted. As a result, investors might receive less interest or principal than expected, or, at worst, no 
interest or principal. 
2. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may 
carry varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter

--- Page 25 ---
-17- 
 
alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. 
Depending on the specific features of the Notes, investors may lose the value of their entire investment or 
part of it, as the case may be. A description of the most common risks associated with such structures and 
features is set out below: 
(1) Interest Rate Risks 
Fixed Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest 
("Fixed Rate Notes") to Noteholders (see Condition 4.3 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). Investment in Fixed 
Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or within 
a given period of time, the market interest rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on a daily 
basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Fixed Rate Note varies in the opposite direction. 
If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Fixed Rate Note typically decreases, until the yield of 
such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, 
the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals 
approximately the Market Interest Rate. Movements of the Market Interest Rate are hard to anticipate and 
can have a material adverse effect on the price of the Notes and could cause Noteholders to lose part of the 
capital invested if they decide to sell Notes during a period in which the market interest rate exceeds the 
fixed rate of the Notes.  
Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a floating rate of interest 
("Floating Rate Notes") to Noteholders (see Condition 4.4 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)). Investment 
in Floating Rate Notes comprises (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case 
may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes 
but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the reference rate 
(e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market 
conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly 
short term changes, to Market Interest Rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected 
in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. This 
stated volatility may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of such Notes at the time they purchase them, 
such that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of their investments having longer fixed 
interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as completed by the applicable Final Terms) 
provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest 
rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower 
interest rates then prevailing. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Notes with a fixed rate of interest that is later converted 
to a floating rate of interest and vice versa (see Condition 4.5 (Interest on Fixed to Floating Rate Notes)). 
Fixed to floating rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the fixed to floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. It is difficult to 
anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of the Notes. 
Investors should also refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled "Fixed Rate Notes" and "Floating 
Rate Notes" above.

--- Page 26 ---
-18- 
 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue zero coupon Notes ("Zero Coupon Notes") 
to Noteholders (see Condition 4.6 (Interest on Zero Coupon Notes)). Changes in market interest rates have 
a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary notes 
because the discounted issues prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero 
Coupon Notes can suffer higher prices losses than other notes having the same maturity and credit rating. 
Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high 
price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to 
higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate or Floating Rate 
Notes. Any future market volatility in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on the market value 
of the Zero Coupon Notes. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks" 
In accordance with Condition 4.4, the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to reference rates that constitute "benchmarks", including the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR"), the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks". Such "benchmarks" are the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, market value of 
and return on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") which has been in force since 1 January 
2018 and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") apply to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU 
and the UK, respectively. It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU or UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based or non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The existing provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation have been further amended by Regulation (EU) 
2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 12 February 2021 (the "Amending Regulation").  
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for (i) benchmarks designated as critical that may affect the stability of European Union 
financial markets, and other relevant benchmarks, if their cessation or wind-down would significantly 
disrupt the functioning of financial markets in the European Union, (ii) third-country benchmarks if their 
cessation or wind-down would significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets in the European 
Union or pose a systemic risk to the financial system in the European Union, and (iii) benchmarks 
designated as critical in a member state by a national laws, such replacement being restricted to contracts 
and financial instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the benchmark 
concerned. If pursuant to a fallback provision included in the Condition 4.4(b) a benchmark is replaced by 
a benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the 
economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such 
benchmark may be designated. Such statutory replacement of a benchmark could have a negative impact 
on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark.  
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end 
of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of 
input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA. The Amending Regulation applies 
since 13 February 2021.

--- Page 27 ---
-19- 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals 
for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be a part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain 
as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with 
€STR or an alternative benchmark.  
 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked 
to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Notes (it being specified that if "Benchmark Replacement" applies, a specific fall-back 
shall apply - please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a 
material adverse effect on the market value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks" below).  
 
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under Condition 4.4(b), this may result 
in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect 
on the market value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the market value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
In case of Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", Condition 4.4(b) 
provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-
bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (except for SONIA or €STR), and/or 
any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Calculation Agent(s) 
or any Paying Agent are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to 
such benchmark under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 4.4(b), with or without the application 
of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view 
to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper 
operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and 
without the consent of the Noteholders. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined, may be that the rate of interest for such Interest Period be based on the rate which applied for

--- Page 28 ---
-20- 
 
the immediately preceding Interest Period. This ultimate fallback may result in the effective application of 
fixed rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". Subject to the right for the Issuer to re-apply, at 
any time, the provisions regarding the determination of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the effective 
conversion into fixed rate notes may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes as the 
fixed rate may be lower than the rates usually applicable to such Notes. In the event of the application of a 
fixed rate of interest, the Noteholders would not be able to benefit from any potentially favourable 
prevailing market conditions.  
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and 
the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended 
at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the market value of and return on any such 
Notes.  
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes linked to or referencing a 
“benchmark” or could have a material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. The Independent Adviser will have 
discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances 
described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholder, may not be favourable to each Noteholder.  
Risks relating to Notes which are linked to SONIA or €STR 
Pursuant to Condition 4.4(c) and 4.4(d), the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, may specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will 
be determined by reference to SONIA or €STR. The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA 
and €STR as reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR 
or EURIBOR (as applicable). In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on SONIA and €STR, including term SONIA and €STR reference rates 
(which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA or €STR rate over a 
designated term). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or €STR 
that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, that reference a SONIA or €STR rate issued 
under this Base Prospectus. The continued development of SONIA and €STR as an interest reference rate 
for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA and €STR based rates for such 
markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise negatively affect the market price of the Notes.  
Interest on Notes which reference a SONIA and €STR rate is only capable of being determined at the end 
of the relevant Interest Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult 
for investors in Notes that reference a SONIA and €STR rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest 
that will be payable on such Notes.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or €STR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in 
the future issue Notes referencing SONIA or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA or €STR 
reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption 
of SONIA or €STR in other markets, such as the derivative and loan markets. Any mismatch between the 
adoption of SONIA or €STR reference rates across these markets may negatively impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of any Notes referencing a SONIA or €STR rate.  
The administrator of SONIA or €STR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or €STR or 
discontinue SONIA or €STR 
In relation to any Notes for which the Rate of Interest is determined by reference to SONIA or €STR, the 
Bank of England or the European Central Bank (or their successors) as administrators of SONIA or €STR,

--- Page 29 ---
-21- 
 
respectively, may after the relevant Issue Date make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of SONIA or €STR, including changes related to the method by which SONIA or €STR is 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or €STR or timing 
related to the publication of SONIA or €STR. In addition, the administrator may after the relevant Issue 
Date alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or €STR (in which case the 
fallback methods of determining the interest rate on the Notes specified in Condition 4.4(c) and 4.4(d) (as 
applicable) will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or €STR. 
(2) Early Redemption Risk 
Notes subject to early redemption 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for an early redemption at the option of the 
Issuer or the Noteholders (see Conditions 5.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of 
Issuer's Options) and 5.6 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Options)). 
As a consequence, in the case of early redemptions, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes 
paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors 
that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in 
securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. In addition, in the case of any partial redemption by 
the Issuer or only some of the Noteholders exercising a Put Option and depending on the number of Notes 
subject to such a redemption or option, any trading market of the Notes in respect of which the redemption 
is not exercised may become less liquid or illiquid. 
Furthermore, in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of 
any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by the country of domicile (or residence for tax purposes) by the Issuer, or on behalf of France, or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem 
all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 5.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons). 
More generally, if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may choose to 
redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. During a period when the 
Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes in part or in whole, such Notes may feature a market value 
not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. In such circumstances, an investor may 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high 
as that of the relevant Notes and may only be able to do so at a lower rate.  
(3) Other Risks 
Dual Currency Notes 
The Programme allows for the Issuer to issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated (see Condition 
4.7 (Interest on Dual Currency Notes)). An investment in Dual Currency Notes entails significant risks that 
are not associated with similar investments in a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security. 
Noteholders may be exposed to currency risk, for example, if exchange rates of the relevant currencies 
move sufficiently in an unanticipated direction. The market price of such Notes may be very volatile. The 
amount of interest and/or principal payable may vary significantly according to the evolution of the rate of 
exchange of the currencies specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Partly paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment (see Condition 4.8 
(Interest on Partly Paid Notes)). Interest is only payable on the paid-up nominal amount at the time being 
of the Notes. Investors are obliged to make future instalment payments beyond the relevant Issue Date and 
failure to pay any subsequent instalment may result in an investor losing all or a substantial part of his 
investment, entitlement to interest and rights as Noteholder.

--- Page 30 ---
-22- 
 
The Notes will be issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as "Green Bonds"  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used 
for the financing of the Issuer's investment programme or the buy-back of outstanding bonds of the Issuer. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide the net proceeds of an issue of 
Notes will concern one or more Green Eligible Projects (such Notes being "Green Bonds"), as defined in 
the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus and as further described in the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework (as defined under "Use of Proceeds" below) which is available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.ratp.fr/sites/default/files/inline-
files/RATP%20Green%20Bond%20Framework%20version%20finale%2025042018_0.pdf). 
Such use of proceeds may not satisfy any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an 
investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental 
or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework. Given that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a 
particular project to be defined as a "green" or equivalently labelled project is still under development, the 
Green Eligible Projects may not meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or 
similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment). 
In connection with the issue of "Green Bonds" under the Programme, the Issuer may request a provider of 
second party opinions to issue a second party opinion confirming that the Eligible Green Projects (as 
defined under "Use of Proceeds" below) have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of 
eligibility for green projects set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond 
Principles (GBP) and/or a second party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in 
connection with certain environmental and sustainability project. The Second Party Opinion provided by 
Vigeo Eiris (as defined under "Use of Proceeds" below) or any opinion or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Notes and in particular with any Green Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability and/or 
other criteria may not be suitable for Noteholders' purposes. The Second Party Opinion and any other such 
opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of any investment in 
any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any 
security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The criteria and/or considerations that 
formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification may change at 
any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or 
withdrawn. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or 
certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), such 
listing or admission may not satisfy any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Any 
such listing or admission to trading may not be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, any 
such listing or admission to trading may not be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Green Eligible Projects. However, any such Green Eligible Projects might not be available or capable of 
being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and, 
accordingly, such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for such projects, and such projects 
may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not 
related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by 
the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
Any event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any project(s) or use(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, including any Eligible Green Projects, and/or the withdrawal of any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be available in connection 
with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not

--- Page 31 ---
-23- 
 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or 
certifying on, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The applicable Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values 
of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing Notes. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
It is difficult to anticipate future price volatility, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the 
market value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium could 
be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing securities.

--- Page 32 ---
-24- 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the table 
below included in the following documents which have previously been published or are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the AMF as competent authority in 
France for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 29 to 56 of the 2022 Base Prospectus (visa no. 22-323 granted 
by the AMF on 28 July 2022), 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 35 to 62 of the 2021 Base Prospectus (visa no. 21-348 granted 
by the AMF on 28 July 2021), 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 34 to 61 of the 2020 Base Prospectus (visa no. 20-384 granted 
by the AMF on 7 August 2020), 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 27 to 48 of the 2018 Base Prospectus (visa no. 18-576 granted 
by the AMF on 20 December 2018), 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 21 to 44 of the 2017 Base Prospectus (visa no. 17-650 granted 
by the AMF on 22 December 2017), 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 19 to 41 of the 2016 Base Prospectus (visa no. 16-334 granted 
by the AMF on 19 July 2016), 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 23 to 45 of the 2015 Base Prospectus (visa no. 15-375 granted 
by the AMF on 17 July 2015), 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 24 to 46 of the 2014 Base Prospectus (visa no. 14-410 granted 
by the AMF on 16 July 2014), 
• 
the 2022 Annual Report (the "2022 Annual Report"), and 
• 
the 2021 Annual Report (the "2021 Annual Report"),  
including the audit reports in the French language in respect of the consolidated and non-consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 issued by 
KPMG S.A., and Mazars which are included, respectively, in the 2021 Annual Report and the 2022 Annual 
Report, all of which have been filed with the AMF. 
The information in the table set out below shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this 
Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein 
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a 
statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication 
or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
For the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is set out in the cross reference table below. Where only certain parts of the information 
requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation are incorporated by reference, the non-
incorporated parts are either not relevant for investors or contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table 
below is for information purposes only. 
The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference below is available as follows (with the references corresponding 
to the French language versions of the financial reports):

--- Page 33 ---
-25- 
 
 
(Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 of 14 March 2021)  
2022 Annual Report 
2021 Annual Report 
2. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
 
2.1. 
Names and addresses of the issuer's 
auditors for the period covered by the 
historical 
financial 
information 
(together with their membership in a 
professional body). 
pp. 120, 136, 197   
 
4. 
INFORMATION 
ABOUT 
THE 
ISSUER 
 
 
4.1. 
History and development of the 
Issuer: 
 
 
4.1.1. 
the legal and commercial name of the 
issuer; 
p. 17   
4.1.2.  
The place of registration of the issuer, 
its registration number and legal entity 
identifier (‘LEI’). 
p. 17   
4.1.3. 
the date of incorporation and the length 
of life of the issuer, except where 
indefinite; 
p. 17  
4.1.4. 
the domicile and legal form of the 
issuer, the legislation under which the 
issuer 
operates, 
its 
country 
of 
incorporation, and the address and 
telephone number of its registered 
office (or principal place of business if 
different from its registered office; 
p. 17   
4.1.5. 
any recent events particular to the 
issuer and which are to a material 
extent relevant to the evaluation of the 
issuer's solvency. 
pp. 21 to 24  
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
5.1. 
Principal activities: 
 
 
5.1.1. 
A brief description of the issuer's 
principal activities stating the main 
categories of products sold and/or 
services performed; 
pp. 17 to 20

--- Page 34 ---
-26- 
 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE 
 
 
6.1. 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and of the 
issuer's position within it. 
p. 14  
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
9.1 
Names, 
business 
addresses 
and 
functions in the issuer of the following 
persons, and an indication of the 
principal activities performed by them 
outside the issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that issuer: 
(a) members of the administrative, 
management 
or 
supervisory 
bodies; 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, 
in 
the 
case 
of 
a 
limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
pp. 129 to 131  
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state 
whether the issuer is directly or 
indirectly owned or controlled and by 
whom and describe the nature of such 
control and describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such control is not 
abused. 
pp. 17, 142 and 200  
11. 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S 
ASSETS 
AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION 
AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
 
11.1. 
Historical Financial Information: 
 
 
11.1.1 
Historical 
financial 
information 
covering the latest two financial years 
(at least 24 months) or such shorter 
period as the issuer has been in 
operation and the audit report in 
respect of each year.  
pp. 133 to 193 
 
pp. 194 to 222  
pp. 118 to 182 and  
pp. 184 to 216

--- Page 35 ---
-27- 
 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards  
The financial information must be 
prepared according to International 
Financial Reporting Standards as 
endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is 
not applicable the financial statements 
must be prepared according to:  
a member state’s national accounting 
standards for issuers from the EEA as 
required by Directive 2013/34/ EU;  
a third country’s national accounting 
standards equivalent to Regulation 
(EC) No 1606/2002 for third country 
issuers.  
 
Otherwise the following information 
must be included in the registration 
document:  
a 
prominent 
statement 
that 
the 
financial information included in the 
registration document has not been 
prepared 
in 
accordance 
with 
International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union 
based 
on 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1606/2002 and that there may be 
material differences in the financial 
information had Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 
been 
applied 
to 
the 
historical financial information;  
immediately following the historical 
financial 
information 
a 
narrative 
description of the differences between 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as 
adopted by the Union and the 
accounting principles adopted by the 
issuer in preparing its annual financial 
statements.  
pp.143 and 144  
p. 201  
pp. 127 and 128 
p. 190  
11.1.4 
Where the audited financial 
information is prepared according to 
national accounting standards, the 
financial information must include at 
least the following:  
pp. 195 to 222   
 
 
pp. 187 to 216

--- Page 36 ---
-28- 
 
(a) the balance sheet;  
(b) the income statement;  
(c) the accounting policies and 
explanatory notes.  
p. 198 
p.199 
pp. 200 to 222 
p.187 
p.188 
pp.189 to 216 
 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial statements  
 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone 
and consolidated financial statements, 
include at least the consolidated 
financial statements in the registration 
document.  
 
pp. 133 to 193  
 
pp. 118 to 182 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information  
 
The balance sheet date of the last year 
of audited financial information may 
not be older than 18 months from the 
date of the registration document.  
 
pp. 133 to 141  
 
pp. 118 to 126 
11.2. 
Auditing of Historical financial 
information: 
 
 
11.2.1  
The historical financial information 
must be independently audited. The 
audit report shall be prepared in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Directive 
2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014.  
Where Directive 2014/56/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do not 
apply:  
(1) 
the 
historical 
financial 
information must be audited or 
reported on as to whether or 
not, for the purposes of the 
registration document, it gives 
a true and fair view in 
accordance 
with 
auditing 
standards applicable in a 
member state or an equivalent 
standard.  
Otherwise, 
the 
following 
information must be included in 
the registration document:  
(1) 
a 
prominent 
statement disclosing 
which 
auditing 
 
pp. 133 to 136  
pp. 195 to 197  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
pp. 118 to 121 
pp. 184 to 186

--- Page 37 ---
-29- 
 
standards have been 
applied;  
(viii) 
an explanation of any 
significant departures from 
International Standards on 
Auditing;  
(b)    if audit reports on the historical 
financial information contain 
qualifications, modifications 
of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, such 
qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter must be reproduced in 
full and the reasons given.  
 
 
 
 
 
p. 133 
 
 
 
 
 
 
p. 118 
 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
 
12.1 
A brief summary of all material 
contracts that are not entered into in the 
ordinary course of the issuer's business, 
which could result in any group 
member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the 
issuer's ability to meet its obligation to 
security holders in respect of the 
securities being issued. 
pp. 219 and 220  
 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus and all documents incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus are available on the website of the Issuer (https://ratpgroup.com/ratpgroupe-
content/uploads/2022/05/rafirse21_pdf2ememel_100522.pdf 
and 
https://ratpgroup.com/ratpgroupe-
content/uploads/2022/07/ra2022_fr_210x290_pdf-mel-sp_020523.pdf). The Base Prospectus is available 
on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). Such documents may also be obtained, free of charge, 
at the offices of each Paying Agent set out at the end of this Base Prospectus during normal business hours 
and as long as any of the Notes are outstanding. 
The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be published on the websites 
of (x) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (y) the Issuer (www.ratp.fr).  
Copies of the 2022 Annual Report and the 2021 Annual Report are available without charge on request at 
the registered office of the Issuer. The free English translations of the 2022 Annual Report and the 2021 
Annual Report may be obtained from the website of the Issuer (https://www.ratp.fr/sites/default/files/inline-
files/RAFI%20RSE_GB.pdf 
and 
https://ratpgroup.com/ratpgroupe-
content/uploads/2023/07/annualreportratp2022-sp.pdf). These free English translations are not 
incorporated by reference herein. To the extent that there is any inconsistency between any statement in the 
French versions of the 2022 Annual Report and the 2021 Annual Report, and the English translations 
thereof, the statements in the French versions of the 2022 Annual Report and the 2021 Annual Report will 
prevail.

--- Page 38 ---
-30- 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, the Issuer will prepare and make available on the websites of (a) 
the Issuer (https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-ratp/newsroom/corporate/publications-legales) and (b) the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org), an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further Base Prospectus, 
which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or 
on a Regulated Market of a member state of the European Economic Area, shall constitute a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation and shall 
supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably 
request.

--- Page 39 ---
-31- 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion by the applicable Final 
Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes.  
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the 
relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to 
simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed or attached on Definitive 
Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of 
one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 19 July 2023 
between the Issuer and BNP Paribas as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent"), as principal paying agent, as 
paying agent (together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other paying agents in respect of the 
Notes from time to time appointed, the "Paying Agents") and as calculation agent (the "Calculation 
Agent") (together, as further amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Agreement"). As 
set out in the Agency Agreement, the term "Calculation Agent" in these Conditions shall include such other 
Calculation Agent(s) as may be appointed by the Issuer from time to time under the Agency Agreement or 
in relation to a specific issue or Series of Notes, in which case such other Calculation Agent(s) shall be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Noteholders (as defined below) and where applicable the 
Couponholders (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context otherwise requires, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated 
in a member state of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU and as listed on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (http://www.esma.europa.eu/). 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Method of Issue 
1.1 
Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 
of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the applicable final 
terms (the "Final Terms"), in either bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) only, which will be 
inscribed in the books of Euroclear France S.A. ("Euroclear France") (acting as central 
depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account 
Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration 
agent (designated in the applicable Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration 
Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary 
institution entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear

--- Page 40 ---
-32- 
 
France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes are serially numbered and 
are issued with interest coupons (each, a "Coupon") and, where appropriate, a talon (a "Talon") 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
securities (such as the Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must 
be issued outside the French territory. 
1.2 
Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Specified Denomination(s)") save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market in a member state of the EEA will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or 
such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. Dematerialised 
Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
1.3 
Title  
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon 
attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or 
an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "holder of Notes", "holder of any Note" or "Noteholder" means (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of the 
relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled 
to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised 
Note and the Coupons ("Couponholder" being construed accordingly), or Talon relating to it, and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms, the absence of 
any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
1.4 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each 
a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with 
all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue 
price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
-33- 
 
1.5 
Conversion and Exchange of Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Dematerialised Notes being issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). Dematerialised Notes issued 
in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into 
Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of 
any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. 
Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Bearer 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
2. 
Status 
The principal and interest on the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu and rateably without any preference among themselves and, save for statutorily preferred exceptions, 
equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons remain outstanding the Issuer undertakes (without, 
however, thereby affecting its right to dispose of any of its assets) that it will not grant or permit to subsist 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest ("Security") upon the 
whole or any part of its real property rights, assets or revenues present or future to secure any Relevant 
Debt (as defined below) or any guarantee of any Relevant Debt unless, at the same time or prior thereto, 
the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (a) are secured equally and rateably 
therewith or benefit from a guarantee in substantially identical terms thereto, as the case may be, or (b) 
have the benefit of such other security, guarantee or other arrangement as shall be approved by a Collective 
Decision (as defined below) of the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that 
have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the 
date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders 
on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 6, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 6 and (iii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in this Agreement and remain available for payment 
against presentation and surrender of Materialised Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) 
those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have 
been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those 
mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement 
Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Notes are 
outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Notes alleged to 
have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised Notes have been issued 
and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more 
Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions; 
"Relevant Debt" means any present or future indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, 
debentures or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market.

--- Page 42 ---
-34- 
 
4. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
4.1 
Interest and Accrual 
Each Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 4.10. 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will continue to accrue (as 
well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 4.12). 
4.2 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is (i) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (A) it shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event it shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
4.3 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 4.10. 
4.4 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(a) If "Screen Rate Determination – IBOR" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if 
applicable) in Condition 4.4(b), be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance 
with the following (corresponding to Screen Rate Determination): 
(i) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is a Page or appears on a Page, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(1) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a composite 
quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant 
Rates appear on that Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date; 
(ii) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph 4.4(i)(1) 
applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date or if sub-paragraph 4.4(i)(2) above applies and fewer than two 
Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
Relevant Rates which each of the Reference Banks is quoting to major banks in the

--- Page 43 ---
-35- 
 
Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if paragraph 4.4(i)(1) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
which the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the 
Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency which five 
leading banks in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, 
if the Specified Currency is Euro, in those member states that adopt the single currency in 
accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Union (the "Euro-zone") (the 
"Principal Financial Centre") selected by the Calculation Agent are quoting at or about 
the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would customarily quote such rates 
for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified 
Duration to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than three of such banks are so quoting, in the Principal Financial 
Centre, except that, if fewer than three of the banks in the Principal Financial Centre so 
selected by the Calculation Agent are quoting as aforesaid, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date (after 
readjustment for any difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier, Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period 
and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period). 
(iv) 
if paragraph 4.4(i)(1) above applies and, in the case of a Reference Rate other than an 
inter-bank offered rate, fewer than two quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the above paragraph, the Reference Rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4.10. 
(b) Notwithstanding Condition 4.4(a) above, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to a Relevant 
Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for the rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Relevant Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and prevail over the other fallbacks specified in Condition 4.4(a).  
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 4.4(b)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any 
(in accordance with Condition 4.4(b)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 4.4(b)(iv)). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(b)(iii)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Relevant Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
4.4(b)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
4.4(b)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Relevant Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the further operation of this Condition 4.4(b)).

--- Page 44 ---
-36- 
 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate 
of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4.4(b) and the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (A) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or Page) are strictly 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 4.4(b)(v), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.4(b)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, notify 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) 
and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and of the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.4(b). Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of 
the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the Relevant Rate will continue to 
apply for the purpose of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination 
Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided in Conditions 4.4(a) will 
continue to apply to such determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain 
circumstances lead to the application of the Rate of Interest determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, 
to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 4.4(b), mutatis mutandis, on one or 
more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and 
notified in accordance with this Condition 4.4(b) (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions in Condition 4.4(a) shall continue to apply). 
(vii) 
 Definitions 
In this Condition 4.4(b): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the

--- Page 45 ---
-37- 
 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Relevant Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Relevant Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
(2) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate 
where (a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Relevant Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate 
(or as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(3) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), 
or the Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula 
or methodology in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, 
acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of a Successor Rate, an alternative benchmark 
or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this 
Condition 4.4(b) and which is customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period (if there is such a customary market usage at 
such time) and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to a Relevant Rate: 
(1) 
the Relevant Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
(2) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of 
the Relevant Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Relevant Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Relevant Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in (2)(i); 
(3) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Relevant Rate that the Relevant Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; 
(4) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate that the Relevant Rate will, on or 
before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and 
(ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (4)(i); 
(5) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Relevant Rate that means the Relevant Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six (6) months; 
(6) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Relevant Rate 
(including without limitation, under EU Benchmark Regulation or UK 
Benchmark Regulation), if applicable);

--- Page 46 ---
-38- 
 
(7) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to 
Article 35 of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark 
Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to 
publish such Relevant Rate has been adopted: or 
(8) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of administrator of 
the Relevant Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Relevant Rate 
is no longer representative of an underlying market. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at all 
times acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert, 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 4.4(b)(i). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or other screen rate (as 
applicable); 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Relevant Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark 
Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, among those successor or 
replacement rates, the one which is the most appropriate, taking into consideration, 
without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes. 
(c) Screen Rate Determination – SONIA:  
(i) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined, such Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
Condition 4.4(c)(ii) or 4.4(c)(iii) below, subject to the provisions of Condition 4.4(c)(iv) 
to 4.4(c)(v) as applicable. 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Lag 
Method", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag" plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin. 
(iii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Observation Shift Method", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be "Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift" plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of Condition 4.4(c)(ii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 47 ---
-39- 
 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"do" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in such Interest 
Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in such Interest Period to, and including, the last 
London Banking Day in such Interest Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following London Banking Day; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
"Reference Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling p London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA-Lag only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London 
Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking 
Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London 
Banking Day but without compounding. 
(v) 
For the purposes of Condition 4.4(c)(iii):

--- Page 48 ---
-40- 
 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:  
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
 where: 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such Observation 
Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in such 
Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in such Observation Period to, and including, 
the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation Period the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following London Banking Day; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for that day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA-Shift only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London 
Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking 
Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London 
Banking Day but without compounding.

--- Page 49 ---
-41- 
 
(vi) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Reference Period or Observation 
Period, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference 
Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be: 
(1) 
(x) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (y) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous p London Banking Days on 
which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to 
the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
(vii) 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 4.4(c)(vii), the Interest Rate determined by the Calculation Agent shall be 
(x) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (y) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to 
the first Interest Period). 
(viii) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of default), 
the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the definition specified above, 
be deemed to be the date on which the Notes became due and payable and the Interest 
Rate on the Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined 
on such date. 
(d) Screen Rate Determination – €STR: 
(i) Where "Screen Rate Determination – €STR" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(ii) If, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day 
in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such 
€STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect 
of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding 
TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the 
European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
(iii) If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this 4.4(d), the Rate of Interest determined by the Calculation Agent shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period

--- Page 50 ---
-42- 
 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
 
(iv) For the purposes of this Condition 4.4(d): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, 
is a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for 
such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European Central 
Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement 
Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, 
at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the 
successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(3) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i"; or

--- Page 51 ---
-43- 
 
(4) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(5) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(6) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are 
due and payable); 
" ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but 
excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable;  
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), 
means the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five TARGET 
Settlement Days;  
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor system; and 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro. 
4.5 
Interest on Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed to Floating Notes are Notes for which a change of interest basis is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. Fixed to Floating Rating Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Switch Date") from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The Issuer election to change the interest basis (the "Issuer 
Change of Interest Basis") will be deemed effective upon receipt of a valid notification sent by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) to the relevant Noteholders within the period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from 
a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate at the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis").

--- Page 52 ---
-44- 
 
4.6 
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the 
Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal 
of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as 
defined in Condition 5.4). 
4.7 
Interest on Dual Currency Notes 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, if the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by reference to 
a Rate of Exchange, such Rate of Exchange shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4.8 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest will 
accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes. 
4.9 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts, Rate Multipliers and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates 
of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in 
the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 4.4 above by adding (if a positive number) 
or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by such 
Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. The Minimum Rate of Interest (that is the reference rate plus any applicable Margin) 
shall at all times not be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest five places of decimals (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures will be rounded to 
seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts which fall 
due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
"unit" means the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency. 
4.10 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the product of the Rate of Interest, the Specified Denomination specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a 
formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period will 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
in respect of such Interest Period will be the sum of the Interest Amounts of interest payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for 
which interest is required to be calculated. 
4.11 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination 
Date or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or

--- Page 53 ---
-45- 
 
amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine the Rate of Interest and 
calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and 
the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes which is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules 
of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined before such time, in the case 
of notification to such exchange of an Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and the Interest Payment Date, or 
(ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. The Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable 
in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The 
determination of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount and Instalment Amount, the 
obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
4.12 
Definitions 
Unless the context otherwise requires and subject to the provisions of Condition 4.4, the following terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Benchmark" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, EURIBOR or any other benchmark specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a specified currency (other than Euro) and/or one or more specified financial centres, 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the Principal Financial Centre for that currency and/or each of the 
financial centres so specified; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the T2 is operating (a "T2 Business Day"); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more business centres specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, 
if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres as so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual-ISDA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of

--- Page 54 ---
-46- 
 
a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 
31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month)); 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period unless in the case of a Calculation Period ending on the Maturity Date, the 
Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall 
not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); and 
(vi) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods in any year; 
and  
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
where: 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the Interest Period Date; and 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date. 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination 
Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the 
Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on an Interest Period Date and ending 
on the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date 
ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and, as the case may 
be 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for that 
period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue Date") or such other 
date as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 55 ---
-47- 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to an Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in 
London prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling 
nor Euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is Euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on the Interest Commencement Date and ending on the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on an Interest Payment Date and ending on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Page" means such part of a particular information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 
3000 ("Reuters and FININFO")) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, or 
such other part as may replace it on that or such other information service, in each case as may be nominated 
by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and which is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money market) 
which is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant benchmark, shall 
be the Euro-zone). 
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect 
thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the 
date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is 
duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made 
in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon 
such presentation. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected 
(which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, London. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a period 
(if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing on the 
Effective Date. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits 
in the relevant currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose "local 
time" means, with respect to Europe or the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, Central European 
Time. 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the duration specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period 
of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 4.2. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor system.

--- Page 56 ---
-48- 
 
4.13 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other number as may 
be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. If any Reference 
Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then 
the Issuer will appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as 
such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references 
in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if 
the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirements, the Issuer 
will appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation 
or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any 
other office actively involved in such market to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of that Regulated Market so require, notice of 
any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 13. 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that 
have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the 
date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders 
on behalf of the holder as provided in Condition 6.1, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form, to the account of the holder as provided in Condition 6.1 and (iii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those 
which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those that have been 
repurchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions, and (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those 
mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement 
Definitive Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Definitive 
Materialised Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those 
Definitive Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Definitive Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to 
the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its 
provisions. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
5.1 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be redeemed at 
its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) on the Maturity 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.2 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If by reason of any change in, or amendment to, the laws and regulations of the Republic of France 
or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, or any change 
in the official application or interpretation thereof, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the 
Issuer would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7, 
the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at any time, on giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
at their Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms), provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice may be given hereunder shall be no earlier than the latest practicable

--- Page 57 ---
-49- 
 
date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without withholding for 
French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes be prevented 
by French law from making payment to Noteholders or Couponholders of the full amount then due 
and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 7, 
then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon 
giving not less than 7 calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes then outstanding at their Redemption Amount together with, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) 
the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full 
amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such notice would expire 
after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders 
shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the 
full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) 14 calendar days after giving 
notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at any 
time, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in 
respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
5.3 
Purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) at any price, subject to 
applicable laws and/or regulations. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, Notes purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in 
such amount as may be permitted by and in accordance with applicable laws and/or regulations. 
5.4 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note which does not bear interest prior 
to the Maturity Date, the Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to a formula, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5.2 or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of 
such Note. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph 5.4(iii) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any such 
Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, 
if none is shown in the applicable Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price 
on the Issue Date) compounded annually. Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less 
than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant 
to Condition 5.2 or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when 
due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised 
Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph 5.4(ii) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which the Note becomes 
due and payable were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph will continue to be made (as well 
after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance 
with Condition 4.5. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction shown in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 58 ---
-50- 
 
5.5 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options 
(i) 
If Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 13 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) redeem, or exercise any Issuer's option (as may be described in the applicable Final 
Terms) in relation to, all or, if so provided, some of the Notes in the nominal amount or integral 
multiples thereof and on any Optional Redemption Date or Option Exercise Date, as the case may 
be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any redemption or exercise must relate to 
Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the minimal nominal amount to be redeemed specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(iii) 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number 
of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been 
exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
(iv) 
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes of any Series, the redemption may be effected by reducing the nominal 
amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and Regulated Market 
requirements. 
(v) 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of 
that Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial redemption of 
the Notes, cause to be published in a leading newspaper of general circulation in the city where the 
Regulated Market is located, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Notes 
drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
5.6 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Options 
If Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar 
days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, or any other Noteholders' option which may be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date), the holder must deposit such Note with any 
Paying Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice ("Exercise 
Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the Noteholders' Option Period. No Note so 
deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without 
the prior consent of the Issuer. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Notes, have attached to it such 
Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the 
account of the Paying Agent specified in the Exercice Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, 
no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
5.7 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition and the provisions specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 59 ---
-51- 
 
5.8 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5, each Note which 
provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date 
at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon the outstanding nominal amount of such Note shall be 
reduced by the Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
5.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation shall forthwith be cancelled, 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, together with all rights relating to payment of interest and other 
amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, together with all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, by surrendering to the Fiscal Agent the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with all unmatured 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons. Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
any such Notes shall be discharged. 
6. 
Payments 
6.1 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be made (i) (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) by transfer to the 
account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the relevant 
Noteholders and (ii) (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the relevant 
Noteholders. Any payment validly made to any such Account Holders, or to any such Bank (as defined 
below) designated by any Noteholder, will constitute an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such 
payment. 
6.2 
Materialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the relevant Materialised Notes (in 
the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6.6) or 
Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 6.6, as the case may be), at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn 
on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank 
(as defined below). 
"Bank" means a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of the country for such Specified Currency or, in 
the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 2 System. 
6.3 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of 
the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
6.4 
Payments Subject to Law etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the 
place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. No commission or expenses shall 
be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 60 ---
-52- 
 
6.5 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any holder. The Issuer may at any time vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any 
other Paying Agent and appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer will at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a 
Paying Agent having a specified office in a European city which, so long as the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, shall be France, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully 
registered form, a Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be required by any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 6.2 above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13. 
6.6 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due date 
for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be surrendered for payment together with 
all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of 
each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the 
total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised Face Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. 
Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8) provided that, if 
any Materialised Note should be issued with a maturity date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that, 
on the presentation for payment of any such Note without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith, the amount required to be deducted in respect of such unmatured 
Coupons would be greater than the relevant Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment, then, 
upon the due date for redemption of any such Note, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not 
attached) shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required 
so that, upon application of the foregoing provisions in respect of such Coupons as have not so 
become void, the amount required by this paragraph to be deducted would not be greater than the 
relevant Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the foregoing 
provisions requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a Materialised Note to 
become void the Issuer shall select for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference 
to Coupons maturing on earlier dates. 
(ii) 
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in instalments, all Receipts 
relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.  
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any such Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made 
only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate)

--- Page 61 ---
-53- 
 
of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Note that only bears 
interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation 
of the relevant Materialised Notes. 
6.7 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect 
of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a 
further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 8. 
6.8 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business Day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day, nor to any interest or other sum in respect 
of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as a "Financial Centre" in the 
applicable Final Terms and (B) (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment 
is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), which is a T2 Business Day. 
7. 
Taxation 
7.1 
Tax Exemption 
All payments of principal and interest (if any) by the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of France or any political subdivision thereof or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law. 
7.2 
Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that payments in respect of any Note be subject to deduction or withholding 
in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as 
may be necessary in order that the amounts receivable by the holders of Notes, Receipts or Coupons, after 
such deduction or withholding, will equal the respective amounts which would have been received by such 
holders in the absence of such withholding or deduction; provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be 
liable to pay any such additional amounts which shall be due in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon 
presented for payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is subject to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
the Republic of France other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date, 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting the same for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it, 
(ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to 
Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed 
to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition.

--- Page 62 ---
-54- 
 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the date for payment thereof. 
9. 
Events of Default 
Any Noteholder, may, upon written notice to the Issuer, the Representative (as defined in Condition 10.1) 
and the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause the principal amount of all of 
the Notes (but not some only) held by such Noteholder to become immediately due and payable at the Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note, together with any accrued interest (including, where applicable, any 
accrued interest), as of the date on which such notice for payment is received by the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent without further formality, if one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall 
have occurred and is continuing: 
9.1 
any amount of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any Note is not paid on the due date thereof and 
such default is not remedied within a period of 15 calendar days from such due date; or 
9.2 
any other obligation relating to the Notes is not complied with or performed within a period of 30 calendar 
days following a written notification of such default given to the Fiscal Agent by a Noteholder; or 
9.3 
any indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of monies borrowed by the Issuer other than the Notes in excess 
of Euro 7,500,000 or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies, is not paid when it becomes due or, 
as the case may be, at the expiry of any initial or extended grace period, or if any guarantee of such 
indebtedness of any person given by the Issuer is not honoured when called upon, unless the Issuer has 
disputed in good faith that such indebtedness is due or that such guarantee is callable, and such dispute has 
been submitted to a competent court, in which event such default shall not constitute an Event of Default 
hereunder so long as the dispute shall not have been finally adjudicated; or if any such indebtedness of, or 
guaranteed by, the Issuer shall have become repayable before the due date thereof as a result of acceleration 
of maturity caused by the occurrence of any event of default thereunder; or 
9.4 
the Issuer is dissolved or all or substantially all of its assets are transferred to another entity prior to the 
repayment in full of the Notes, unless (A) all or substantially all of its assets shall be transferred to and all 
or substantially all of its debts and liabilities assumed by (i) the French State, another établissement public, 
exploitant public or collectivité territoriale or (ii) a French legal entity which continues to carry on the 
activities of the Issuer, which is controlled by the French State or by one or more établissements publics, 
exploitants publics or collectivités territoriales and the share capital of which is held, directly or indirectly, 
as to at least 51 per cent., by the French State and/or one or more établissements publics, exploitants publics 
or collectivités territoriales or (iii) a company which, expressly by contract or by virtue of applicable law, 
assumes the obligations and liabilities of the Issuer or (B) the obligations and liabilities under the Notes are 
unconditionally guaranteed by the French State or by an établissement public, an exploitant public or a 
collectivité territoriale. 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of 
articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de Commerce as amended by this Condition 10. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders 
may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the Conditions of the Notes. 
10.1 
Legal Personality of the Masse 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") 
and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions").

--- Page 63 ---
-55- 
 
10.2 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of the Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative may 
be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or replacement of the Representative shall 
be published in accordance with Condition 10.10. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the name and address of the Representative 
and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer. 
10.3 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take 
all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the 
capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affaires of the Issuer. 
10.4 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), or (ii) by 
unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Unanimous 
Decisions", as further described in Condition 10.6(i) below, or (iii) by the consent of one or more 
Noteholders holding together at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, 
following a written consultation (the "Written Majority Decisions", as further described in Condition 
10.6(ii) below and together with the Written Unanimous Decisions, the "Written Decisions"). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 
0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 10.10. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
10.5 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes outstanding, 
may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such 
General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the 
General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or represented 
hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, 
no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) 
majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat.

--- Page 64 ---
-56- 
 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
Condition 10.10 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first 
convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text of the 
resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General 
Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of 
the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five 
(5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a representative at the 
start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at the General Meeting, the Issuer 
may, notwithstanding the provisions of article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a 
provisional chairman until a new Representative has been appointed. 
10.6 
Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous Decisions or 
Written Majority Decisions. 
(i) 
Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders without having 
to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 10.5. Approval of a Written 
Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de 
commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect 
as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous 
Decision may be contained in one document, or in several documents in like form each signed by 
or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with 
Condition 10.10. 
(ii) 
Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision, which shall include the text of the 
proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be published as provided under 
Condition 10.10 no less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of 
such Written Majority Decision (the "Written Majority Decision Date"). Notices seeking the 
approval of a Written Majority Decision will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed 
Written Majority Decision. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written 
Majority Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority 
Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together at least 
75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding. Approval of a Written Majority 
Decision may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any Written Majority Decision shall, for all 
purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of the Noteholders. 
Such Written Majority Decisions may be contained in one document, or in several documents in 
like form each signed by or on one behalf of one or more of the Noteholders, and shall be published 
in accordance with Condition 10.10. 
10.7 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes.

--- Page 65 ---
-57- 
 
10.8 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first-mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 12 (Further Issues), 
shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. 
10.9 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has 
been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations 
entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register 
of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to 
any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
10.10 
Notices for the purposes of this Condition 10 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10 shall be published on the 
website of RATP (www.ratp.fr) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at their 
respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which 
the Notes are for the time being cleared.  
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' approval, as 
contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de commerce, will be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with this Condition 10.10. Any Noteholder will then have the right to request redemption of its 
Notes at par within three (3) months of the date of notification, in which case the Issuer shall redeem such 
Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's request for redemption. 
In this Condition 10, the expression "outstanding" does not include the Notes subscribed or purchased by 
the Issuer in accordance with Article L.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier which are held 
by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Paying 
Agent in France or such other Paying Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated 
by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
13.1 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) 
they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option 
of the Issuer, they are published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected 
to be the Financial Times) and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require in a leading daily newspaper with general

--- Page 66 ---
-58- 
 
circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
is located. 
13.2 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be 
valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed 
to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, 
or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require in a leading daily newspaper 
with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted 
to trading is located. 
13.3 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
13.4 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) 
pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 13.1, 13.2 and 13.3 above; 
except notices will be published so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
is located.  
13.5 
Any notice published pursuant to this Condition 13 shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as 
provided above. 
13.6 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
14. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
14.1 
Governing Law 
The Notes (and where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by French law. 
14.2 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons will be submitted to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts in Paris.

--- Page 67 ---
-59- 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with 
(if indicated in the applicable Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal 
amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Subscription and Sale" 
below), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which 
shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Materialised Notes before 
interest or any amount payable in respect of eth Notes will be paid.  
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, 
in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such 
Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and 
Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary 
Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with 
any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Bearer Materialised 
Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of 
40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued 
prior to such day pursuant to Condition 15(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate 
shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days after the issue of such further 
Materialised Notes.

--- Page 68 ---
-60- 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used for the financing of the Issuer's investment programme 
or the buy-back of outstanding bonds of the Issuer. If there is another particular identified use of proceeds, 
such as that described below, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes might concern one or more of the Eligible Green Projects (as defined 
below) for which objectives and categories are defined in the Issuer's green bond framework available on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.ratp.fr/sites/default/files/inline-
files/RATP%20Green%20Bond%20Framework%20version%20finale%2025042018_0.pdf (the "Green 
Bond Framework"). 
 
For the purposes of this programme, "Eligible Green Projects" include the following categories (i) public 
transport infrastructures maintenance and renovation, (ii) public transport rolling stock renovation and 
renewal, (iii) public transport station and spaces modernization and (iv) other public transport low-carbon 
vehicles. 
 
As further detailed in Issuer's Green Bond Framework, the following principles were used for the Eligible 
Green Projects selection: (i) projects should be financed in equity, (ii) projects should not likely be the 
subject of major controversy and (iii) projects should meet environmental and sustainability objectives. The 
Issuer has set up a dedicated Green Bond Committee which will (i) review and approve annually the projects 
complying with the environmental objectives and falling under one or more of the Eligible Green Projects 
categories outlined above and (ii) review the allocation of the proceeds annually to ensure maximum 
allocation of green bond proceeds and facilitate ongoing green bond reporting. Pending the allocation to 
Eligible Green Projects, unallocated proceeds will temporarily be invested in accordance with RATP’s 
established investment guidelines, including in cash, deposits and money market instruments. 
 
The Issuer commits to (i) publishing a green bonds update that will provide information on the allocation 
of the proceeds to Eligible Green Projects and (ii) publishing an impact report that will provide information 
on the environmental and other sustainable development impact of Eligible Green Projects the green bond 
proceeds has been allocated to. In addition, the Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to assess the sustainability, 
transparency and governance of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and its alignment with the ICMA's 
Green Bond Principles. Vigeo Eiris applies its own methodology in line with international standards and 
ICMA's Green Bond Principles guidelines to carry out this assessment. The results are documented in Vigeo 
Eiris’ Second Party Opinion available on the Issuer's website (https://www.ratp.fr/sites/default/files/inline-
files/secondopinionuk.pdf. Auditors appointed by the Issuer will verify on an annual basis and until the full 
allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds, the allocated proceeds to Eligible Green Projects and the 
remaining balance of unallocated proceeds. Such auditors will also verify the compliance of the allocated 
proceeds with the Eligible Green Project categories. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the information in relation to the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework on 
the Issuer’s website is incorporated or the Vigeo Eiris’ Second Party Opinion available on the Issuer’s 
website is incorporated into this Base Prospectus. 
 
None of the Dealers have reviewed the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework nor assessed any of the Eligible 
Green Projects and makes no representation that any issue of Notes for Eligible Green Projects will fulfil 
any investor’s green investment requirements.

--- Page 69 ---
-61- 
 
REGIE AUTONOME DES TRANSPORTS PARISIENS 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
GENERAL  
The information relating to the Issuer and its activity is detailed on pages 16 to 24 of the 2022 Annual 
Report, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, and relates to the following topics, 
amongst others: 
• A description of the Issuer’s business and its historical evolution;  
• Environmental policies and issues;  
• Works and supply;  
• Safety policies;  
• Investments;  
• Financial control;  
• Accounting standards;  
• Property;  
• Employees;  
• Management;  
• Financial statements;  
• Statutory auditors; and  
• Structure chart. 
 
2022 was marked by a clear recovery in passenger traffic in the Île-de-France region (+21%), which 
continues to catch up with the effects of the health crisis, and by dynamic revenue growth (+10% pro 
forma), driven by the development of subsidiaries (+50%), with in particular the build-up of the bus contract 
in Tuscany and the effects of development in France and the United States. 
Nevertheless, the financial year was marked by significant difficulties, in France and abroad: (i) an 
unfavourable macroeconomic context linked to the conflict in Ukraine, with a sharp increase in inflation, 
both in terms of energy and on salary changes, which was only partially covered by the indexation clauses 
of the contracts with the transport authorities; (ii) difficulties in providing the contractual transport offer in 
the Île-de-France region, London and the United States, due to high tensions in the labour market, 
recruitment difficulties and high absenteeism rates, which have not returned to their pre-health crisis level; 
(iii) delays in the execution of investment programmes, particularly in rolling stock, due to tensions in 
global supply chains. 
 
RATP Group is working to normalise the situation as quickly as possible and restore the quality of service 
in all the affected markets, through an acceleration of recruitment campaigns, which are already bearing 
fruit, and a salary policy aimed at guaranteeing the purchasing power of employees and improving the 
attractiveness of short-term jobs. These efforts should enable RATP to raise the level and guarantee the 
execution of the contractual transport offer in the Île-de-France region, and to be prepared in view of the 
major events to come, the Rugby World Cup in Paris in 2023 and the Olympic and Paralympic Games in 
2024. 
Jean Castex, RATP Group Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: 
"The contrasting results for the 2022 financial year bear witness to the magnitude of the headwinds that 
RATP Group is facing in a difficult macroeconomic and social context. This situation, which weighs on all 
players in the public transport system (transport authorities, transport operators and passengers), calls for 
comprehensive solutions to maintain and develop a high-quality public service. 
My priority at the beginning of 2023 is to improve the level of transport offered by RATP in the Île-de-
France region to give our users the quality of service they are entitled to expect. We must also prepare for 
the major event of the Olympic and Paralympic Games in the summer of 2024 and, by then, the Rugby 
World Cup. 
To meet these challenges, we are sparing no efforts to attract and retain our employees: RATP has entered 
into majority agreements on the working time of bus drivers and on mandatory annual negotiations with its 
representative trade union organisations. It has also launched an unprecedented recruitment campaign that 
is already bearing fruit. Improving daily life will also involve the continuation of our large-scale investment 
effort, with the support of Île-de-France Mobilités, with the arrival of new trains on metro lines 11 and 14,

--- Page 70 ---
-62- 
 
the completion of the automation of metro line 4, and the gradual roll-out of upgraded trains on metro line 
6."  
THE PARENT COMPANY AND ITS CONTRACTUAL ENVIRONMENT 
The parent company, Régie autonome des transports parisiens (RATP), is a State-owned industrial and 
commercial public utility (établissement public à caractère industriel et commercial – Epic) created by the 
law of 21 March 1948. It is a legal entity under public law, registered with the Paris Trade and Companies 
Register. Its headquarters are located at 54, quai de la Rapée, 75012 Paris (registered in the Paris Trade and 
Companies Register). 
RATP’s purpose is to operate public transport services in the Île-de-France region and its function, as set 
out in law no. 2009-1503 of 8 December 2009 on the organisation and regulation of rail transport (ORTF 
law), is to manage the infrastructure of urban public transport service networks in the Île-de-France region 
within the limits of the powers granted to SNCF Réseau. 
The same law specified that the operation of transport lines created before 3 December 2009 would continue 
under the agreements in force at that date and those negotiated within the legal framework defined until 31 
December 2024 for bus services, until 31 December 2029 for tram services and until 31 December 2039 
for other transport services (metro and RER). The rights to operate the lines entrusted to RATP are therefore 
limited in time, with the renewal of the lines being subject to calls for tender. 
The ORTF law defines the framework for RATP’s remuneration in its role as infrastructure manager and 
line operator. 
The transport offer and pricing in the Île-de-France region is defined by Île-de-France Mobilités (formerly 
STIF). RATP’s activity as an operator is governed by multi-year agreements signed with Île-de-France 
Mobilités. Under these contracts, RATP undertakes to produce a benchmark transport service, defined in 
terms of quantity and quality, and in return receives remuneration from Île-de-France Mobilités to cover its 
operating costs, depreciation and return on capital employed. 
Since the adoption of French law no. 2000-1208 on Solidarity and Urban Renewal, RATP has been 
authorised to be involved, through subsidiaries, in the design and operation of public transport networks 
throughout France and abroad. 
The Mobility Orientation Act (loi d’orientation des mobilités – LOM) of 24 December 2019 introduces the 
regulation of RATP’s infrastructure management and safety activities by the Transport Regulation 
Authority (Autorité de régulation des transports – ART). 
The remuneration for the performance of the infrastructure management’s (IM) missions is set out in French 
decree no. 20201752 of 28 December 2020 and under the conditions provided for in article L. 2142-17 of 
the French transport code (Code des transports). RATP now submits the remuneration of the infrastructure 
management business for the contract to ART for its opinion, including the technical management of the 
sections of the Grand Paris public transport network that are extensions of the metropolitan network lines 
for which RATP performs the infrastructure management business pursuant to article L. 2142-3. ART was 
consulted on 19 April 2021 on the IM’s remuneration trajectory as contracted with Île-de-France Mobilités 
for the 2021-2024 period and issued its opinion on 29 July 2021. This notice validates the contractual 
remuneration of the IM over the 2021-2024 period. 
The remuneration of RATP’s safety and security activity (SUR) is governed by French decree no. 2021-
598 of 14 May 2021. This decree provides for pricing principles defining the conditions for the provision 
of services and setting the price. To date, the contract signed with Île-de-France Mobilités for the period 
2021-2024 defines a fixed compensation for the Safety activity. Work with the ART is under way to define 
and validate the pricing of these activities; the prices should be completed in 2023. 
Under the RATP-Île-de-France Mobilités 2021-2024 operating contract signed on 16 June 2021, RATP’s 
resources consist of compensation paid by Île-de-France Mobilités and additional revenue. 
Île-de-France Mobilités’s compensation thus includes: 
-  Operating remuneration covering all the forecast operating costs incurred for the implementation of the 
contractual obligations, as shown in the forecast operating account of the transport operator (TO) and 
the infrastructure management (IM), with the exception of certain costs, which are specifically covered 
in euro (certain taxes and duties, mainly the territorial economic contribution and property tax). This 
remuneration can be revised by discounting and by amendment. The opera-ting remuneration discount 
index is the product of the changes in price indices monitored by Insee;

--- Page 71 ---
-63- 
 
-  The investment remuneration covering the financing of capital charges (depreciation and amortisation 
costs and remuneration of capital employed) relating to fixed assets allocated to the operation of the 
service: this remuneration is fixed and lump-sum for the transport operator (TO), revisable only by 
amendment. For the IM, this remuneration covers the capital charges relating to the asset base for the 
regulated activities, mentioned in article 2 of French decree no. 2020-1752, and is subject to annual 
adjustment in light of the actual value of the asset base and the amount of depreciation and amortisation 
costs; 
-  A specific lease subsidy covering the financing of the acquisition of rolling stock for tram lines T3, T5, 
T6, T7 and T8; 
-  Specific and transitional remuneration for safety functions covering projected operating costs, including 
depreciation and amortisation costs, plus a reasonable margin: this remuneration mechanism will be 
reviewed as part of the regulatory process in order to make the necessary adjustments on the basis of the 
tariff arrangements to be validated by ART; 
-  A flat-rate payment, revised by mutual agreement with Île-de-France Mobilités every four months, to 
cover the costs of measures to protect passengers and staff made necessary by the health situation. 
RATP and Île-de-France Mobilités have agreed, as part of the negotiations for the new Île-de-France 
Mobilités-RATP contract for 2021-2024, to change the mechanisms for financing operations and 
investments, with a view to standardising them and incorporating the new provisions set out in the LOM: 
-  The remuneration, which was previously set to generate cash flow equal to the amount of projected capital 
expenditure, is now set to strictly cover projected operating costs and depreciation, as well as the 
remuneration of the capital committed by RATP Epic; 
-  The remuneration of the IM’s regulated activities is adjusted annually to return 50% of the current result 
of the IM’s non-regulated activities to Île-de-France Mobilités, in accordance with article 4 of French 
decree no. 2020-1752; 
-  The way investments are financed is changing. Over the 20212024 period, the proportion of investments 
financed by subsidies from Île-de-France Mobilités or other funders (State-Region Plan Contract (contrat 
de plan État-région – CPER)) will reach over 60%, compared with 45% over the previous contractual 
period (2016-2020). The total amount of investment is expected to increase by 25% compared to the 
previous contract, to €8.5 billion over four years, of which €3.5 billion in equity invested by RATP Epic; 
-  At the same time, with the implementation of the single fare, which increases the pooling of revenue 
between operators and reduces the link between direct revenue and the operator’s actions, and in 
preparation for opening up to competition, the remuneration model for this contract is part of an 
agreement concluded on the basis of article R. 1241-22 of the French transport code, in which all direct 
revenue from transport tickets (administration fees excluded) is paid to Île-de-France Mobilités. RATP 
now collects direct revenue in its own name and on behalf of Île-de-France Mobilités, to which it pays 
the entire amount; 
-  In this context, the commercial risk (traffic revenue) is nevertheless shared between RATP and Île-de-
France Mobilités, with the introduction of a profit-sharing scheme based on passenger revenue. For each 
year of the contract, a forecast volume of passenger revenue is set and constitutes the target used to 
calculate RATP’s profit-sharing. If this target is not met or, on the contrary, if it is exceeded, RATP pays 
Île-de-France Mobilités, or receives from Île-de-France Mobilités, 15% of the difference within a 
bandwidth of ±3% around the target, and 10% out-side this bandwidth. This difference is then weighted 
at 74% in order to represent only the share of rail transport (RER and metro). For surface network 
activities, an incentive for approval is set up and follows the same principles as the incentive for direct 
revenues; 
-  The fare risk is borne by Île-de-France Mobilités: changes in transport ticket prices result in an adjustment 
to the revenue target.  
RATP Epic is committed to producing a benchmark transport service defined in terms of volume and 
quality. The passenger is at the centre of the new contract, which sets ambitious targets for production, 
regularity, service quality and passenger satisfaction. It provides a reinforced financial incentive system for 
achieving these objectives, with a bonus-malus allocation of ±€100 million, of which €25 million will be 
devoted to passenger perceptions. 
The risk on operating costs is borne by RATP. 
SUBSIDIARIES’ AREAS OF EXPERTISE 
In 2022, the portfolio was mainly impacted by:

--- Page 72 ---
-64- 
 
-  Recovery on 1 January by RATP Cap Île-de-France of public transport activities in the Île-de-France 
region (Optile network) previously operated by RATP Dev; 
-  The creation of two new subsidiaries to provide internal services to RATP Group: RATP Evolution 
Services, which provides accounting and payroll services and administrative management, and RATP 
Consulting, which provides consulting services (PMO, organisational consulting, change management); 
-  The increase in the share capital of Cityscoot, alongside Caisse des Dépôts et des Consignations, now 
44% owned via RATP Capital Innovation (subsidiary of RATP Solutions Ville). 
 
RATP EQUITY INVESTMENTS AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
RATP Participations’ subsidiaries are structured around three divisions: 
-  Transport (RATP Dev); 
-  Urban services: RATP Solutions Ville and its subsidiaries RATP Connect, RATP Real Estate, RATP 
Capital Innovation and RATP Habitat, as well as SCCV Clichy; 
-  Services (RATP Smart Systems, RATP Travel Retail and RATP Maintenance Services); 
-  In addition to the “internal service providers” subsidiaries: RATP Evolution Services and RATP 
consulting. 
Transport Division 
 
RATP Dev is the subsidiary that develops and manages the public transport network operating contracts 
won outside the scope of RATP’s historical monopoly, in France and abroad. From 2022, public transport 
network contracts in the Île-de-France region falling within the scope of competition are operated or are 
intended to be carried by the subsidiary RATP Cap Île-de-France, with the exception of the CDG Express 
link and future Grand Paris Express automated metro contracts. RATP Dev, the bearer of the Group’s 
expertise in this field, has forged a commercial partnership with Alstom and ComfortDelGro to respond to 
calls for tender for the Grand Paris Express network. RATP Dev and its subsidiaries now account for the 
majority of the Group’s activity outside the parent company RATP. 
The sector generally relies on public contributions, both for operations and for investments. The customer 
(the network authority) usually requires, for corporate governance reasons, the establishment of ad hoc 
subsidiaries for the execution of the contract. RATP Dev SA, which handles the management and 
administration of the contract portfolio, now owns 110 companies with operational activities in fifteen 
countries, including France, Italy, the United Kingdom, the United States, South Africa and Saudi Arabia, 
which were the most significant in terms of contribution to revenue at the end of December 2022. 
RATP Dev’s work covers the entire mobility chain, for all modes (metro, tram, bus and coach, train, 
sightseeing buses, boats, demand-responsive transport, transport of people with reduced mobility and cable 
cars) and business lines (operation, maintenance and services). 
Urban Services Division 
 
RATP Solutions Ville was created to meet the challenges of the smart and sustainable city of tomorrow. 
The subsidiary is in charge of developing a commercial offer of urban services for cities and local 
authorities in five areas: real estate, telecommunications, urban mobility, logistics and energy. It is 
supported by existing subsidiaries, which already cover some of the essential expertise for responding to 
the necessary changes in the urban model. 
For real estate, RATP Group’s management and engineering subsidiary is RATP Real Estate. It supports 
its customers, of which the main one, RATP Epic, in: 
- Assessing the value of assets through studies and the implementation of new or renovated sites and 
building complexes, taking regulatory changes and economic prospects (master plans, multi-year plans) 
into account; 
- Cost control through energy and property audits; 
- Project management assignments (HVAC and fire safety systems);

--- Page 73 ---
-65- 
 
- Contracting Authority support, in particular on the management of complex property projects, 
incorporating industrial sites and real estate projects in dense areas; 
- The fitting out of office space and the provision of workstations; — Facility management and project 
management assistance for major maintenance work; 
- Management of service sector sites and event spaces. 
As an extension of RATP Real Estate’s site management activities, Urban Station (SEDP 2), its wholly 
owned subsidiary, carries out modernisation and service-sector footprint reduction projects on behalf of 
RATP. 
Property activity is also carried out by RATP Habitat, the Group’s social housing subsidiary (not 
consolidated in the accounts). 
RATP Habitat, created in 1959, builds, renovates and manages a portfolio of almost 9,000 housing units, 
shops and residences in the Île-de-France region. The portfolio includes not only RATP employees but also 
provides housing for local authorities, the French State and other tenants such as Action Logement. 
RATP Habitat offers a complete and diversified range of housing:  
-  Family, collective or individual social rental properties; 
- In student residences, young workers’ residences or residences for specific groups; 
- In intermediate rental housing, via its subsidiary RATP Habitat Intermédiaire(1); 
- In controlled-price home ownership, via its subsidiary RATP Habitat Accession. 
In terms of telecommunications, RATP Solutions Ville relies on RATP Connect, a subsidiary specialising 
in the deployment of dark fibre. This fibre is notably deployed in metro and RER tunnels with a view to 
leasing it to telecom operators, insurance companies, large public sector accounts and SMEs. The network 
represents 170,000 kilometres of fibre. Telcité NAO is the subsidiary of RATP Connect providing the 
RATP network and metro line 14 south with 3G/4G. 
In 2022, the subsidiary held at 75% by RATP Connect, alongside CDC, and created to support the contract 
won for the deployment of fibre optics on the Grand Paris Express network has been renamed “Connect 
Grand Paris” (formerly Société des réseaux numériques franciliens). 
In the field of urban mobility, in 2017 RATP created RATP Capital Innovation, which is wholly owned by 
RATP Solutions Ville. This entity makes both direct investments in innovative companies and indirect 
investments, through the acquisition of holdings in certain targeted investment funds whose subject matter 
corresponds to the Group’s key areas of innovation and development (sustainable mobility, urban furniture, 
smart city). RATP Capital Innovation is therefore a shareholder in Communauto, Electra, Klaxit, Vianova, 
Zenride and Zenpark, and a subscriber to the Eurazeo Smart City II and Paris-Saclay funds. As a strategic 
investor, it supports the companies in its portfolio in their development by mobilising the know-how of the 
Group’s business lines. 
In 2022, RATP Capital Innovation carried out the joint take-over of Cityscoot, now consolidated in the 
financial statements using the equity method (44% holding), as is the Italian subsidiary of Cityscoot held 
by the French structure. Cityscoot is a French start-up company, created in 2014. By offering self-service 
electric scooters, it is one of the leading French players in the innovative micro-mobility market and 
contributes, alongside public transport services, to reducing the carbon footprint gene-rated by travel. It 
thus offers local authorities and citizens a zero-emission, silent and sustainable mobility service, 
complementary to the public transport services. The change in shareholding marks a new stage in the 
development of Cityscoot, which is fundamentally reviewing its operating model following the health crisis 
while pursuing innovations to further improve the customer experience. 
RATP Capital Innovation also supports the development of RATP Group’s urban logistics activities. 
Other Services division 
The division is structured around three subsidiaries. 
RATP Smart Systems, which specialises in the development of mobility support services, is developing its 
expertise in the field of intelligent transport systems (ITS) and mobility as a service (MaaS) and is 
supporting RATP Group in these areas. 
In this capacity, the company manages the ticketing system for Paris and its suburbs (12 million contactless 
ticket validations per day), the largest multi-modal network in the world, with the presence of metros, RER,

--- Page 74 ---
-66- 
 
buses and trams. It designs, integrates, operates and maintains ticketing, multi-modal information and 
operating assistance systems. Through its subsidiaries Ixxi Techside, Navocap and Setim, RATP Smart 
Systems also has a presence in Bordeaux, Toulouse, Saint-Etienne and Mexico City. 
The development of RATP Group’s MaaS project is addressed via two channels. The integration of Mappy, 
third player in everyday mobility in France, with the gradual convergence of the “Mappy” and “Bonjour” 
technological platforms: 
- Offers a personalised offer of comprehensive mobility assistance services, from private cars to public 
transport services, including taxis, new free-floating forms of mobility, etc.; 
- Facilitates travel via an integrated solution to plan, book and pay for travel thanks to a single mobile app. 
In the Île-de-France region, the “Bonjour RATP” app uses Mappy maps with 150,000 points of interest 
listed, in addition to bus and tram stops at metro and RER stations. It also makes it possible to rent one of 
the 30,000 self-service bicycles in Paris and the inner suburbs, to book a scooter (Tier, Dott, Lime) or a car 
trip (with the French ride-sharing platform Marcel); it is the first step of an application that aims to be 
seamless, more fluid and simpler. 
On a national scale, Mappy’s multi-modal comparator is incorporating new partners and deploying a 
combined car, park-and-ride and public transport services offering to better meet the environmental and 
accessibility challenges of the regions. 
RATP Smart Systems is also developing a turnkey offer for transport authorities and local authorities. The 
mobility solutions incorporated into its customers’ MaaS will thus be geared to the realities of the region. 
RATP Travel Retail is the subsidiary in charge of marketing and managing urban spaces. It is mainly 
involved in the design, development, marketing and management of commercial spaces in RATP Epic’s 
metro and RER network. 
RATP Maintenance Services is a player in multi-technical maintenance, both in the historical segment of 
lifts and escalators and in installation and maintenance contracts for the safety of buildings and people for 
airports, public customers (local authorities, hospitals) and private customers (large housing complexes). 
RATP evolution services 
RATP Evolution Services ministrative man, created in 2022, is a shared services centre that performs 
accounting, tax declarations, settlements, payroll and management of personnel on behalf of Epic and its 
French subsidiaries. 
RATP consulting 
Composed of a team of experts and consultants, the subsidiary provides consulting services to other Group 
entities, particularly in project management and change management. 
RATP CAP ÎLE-DE-FRANCE 
RATP Cap Île-de-France, which was created in 2020, is responsible for preparing and responding to calls 
for tender issued by Île-de-France Mobilités in RATP’s long-standing market (the Paris region and the inner 
suburbs), notably on the bus network, but also, depending on the commercial calendar, on tram, tram-train 
and rail modes. 
If a tender is won, a dedicated subsidiary is systematically created to operate the transport network at the 
request of the transport authority, Île-de-France Mobilités. RATP Cap Île-de-France will hold RATP 
Group’s shares in these dedicated subsidiaries. 
RATP Dev, on the other hand, is responsible for responding to the calls for tenders for metro lines 15, 16 
and 17 of the Grand Paris Express network (automated metro) as part of its partnership with the 
ComfortDelGro and Alstom groups. 
From 31 December 2021, RATP Cap Île-de-France took over the operation of Optile contracts, which were 
previously operated by RATP Dev. As such, it is continuing its intense activity in response to calls for 
tender, which are continuing on the outer suburbs network and started in 2022 on the Paris and inner suburbs 
network. 
At the end of 2022, RATP Cap Île-de-France had 14 operational subsidiaries.

--- Page 75 ---
-67- 
 
RATP COOPÉRATION AND ITS EQUITY INVESTMENTS  
In addition to equity investments (Systra and Wizway), RATP Coopération provides technical assistance 
on behalf of public authorities managing public transport networks in countries where RATP Group does 
not have a permanent presence, notably in Africa. 
Systra is a 43.4% owned RATP subsidiary via RATP Coopération. Systra is a consulting and engineering 
group, a world leader in transport infrastructure design. With a presence in more than 80 countries through 
subsidiaries, branches or contracts, Systra is involved in the various phases of transport projects: upstream 
and design studies, construction phases, testing and commissioning, operation and maintenance. 
1 – Main trends in 2022 
2022 was marked by a clear recovery in passenger traffic, which continues to catch up after the health crisis, 
and by strong growth in the Group’s revenue (+10% pro forma (1), i.e. +€536 million) driven by this 
takeover and by the development of subsidiaries with in particular the build-up of the bus contract in 
Tuscany and the development in France and the United States. 
Nevertheless, difficulties were encountered in 2022 in France and abroad due to: 
- The unfavourable macroeconomic environment related to the conflict in Ukraine, with a sharp acceleration 
in inflation, which is impacting energy supply costs and the dynamics of wage changes. These changes 
are only partially covered by contracts with the transport authorities, particularly in the Île-de-France 
region and London, which translates into a negative impact of –€104 million of inflation on consolidated 
net income in 2022; 
- Recruitment difficulties in a particularly tight labour market in France, London and the United States, 
combined with the persistence of a high level of absenteeism due to illness, despite the improvement in 
the health situation. This situation directly penalises the completion of the offer and strongly affects 
revenue and net income (–€95 million, of which –€70 million for RATP Epic and –€17 million for the 
subsidiaries), through reductions and penalties paid to the transport authorities, but also, for RATP, the 
increase in the deficit of the social insurance scheme borne by the employer. RATP Group is working to 
normalise the situation as quickly as possible and restore the quality of service in all affected markets, 
through an acceleration of its recruitment plans and a salary policy aimed at guaranteeing the purchasing 
power of employees and improving the attractiveness of its shortage business lines; 
- Supply chain tensions worldwide, which slow down the implementation of investment projects, in 
particular deliveries of rolling stock and certain components (cables, electronics, etc.). 
The Group’s results were strongly impacted by this unfavourable context, despite the positive effects of the 
recovery in activity and the continuation of productivity efforts: 
- The operating income (EBIT) amounted to €193 million (3.2% of revenue), compared to €327 million pro 
forma in 2021 (5.9%); 
- The Group share of net income was negative at –€26 million, compared to +€207 million in 2021. 
RATP EPIC 
The end of the health crisis, which still marked the 2021 financial year with the last lockdown, enabled 
traffic in the Île-de-France region, up +21%, to return to levels close to historical levels (–14%, compared 
to –29% at the end of 2021). This resumption of activity has a positive impact on profit-sharing on 
commercial sales revenue and validations paid by Île-de-France Mobilités, as well as commercial activities 
on our network (OrlyVal, advertising, commercial leases, etc.) 
Network extension projects continued, with the commissioning in January of the extension of metro line 4 
to Bagneux (two new stations) and in May of the extension of metro line 12 to Mairie d’Aubervilliers (two 
new stations). 
The energy transition of the bus fleet is building up, with 471 new electric and biomethane buses, which 
brings the share of diesel buses in the fleet to 46%, thus changing RATP’s energy mix, in line with its 
commitments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
The persistence of a high level of sickness absenteeism and the shortage of staff weighed on the service 
coverage of the bus network, which deteriorated in the summer of 2022 to reach 75% of the contractual 
offer in September-October. Vigorous action plans were launched in mid-2022, with an acceleration of the 
recruitment plan (1,500 new bus drivers recruited in 2022), a plan to combat absenteeism (trial

--- Page 76 ---
-68- 
 
implementation of production bonuses, quality of working life, lowering of the minimum age for admission 
to the profession, acceleration of the issuance of D perm its, etc.) and a major agreement concluded in early 
2023 on the working conditions of host operators. These efforts are bearing fruit and made it possible to 
reduce production to 84% of the contractual offer in January 2023. 
The sharp increase in inflation, which reached 5.4% in 2022, compared to 1.6% in 2021, following the 
conflict in Ukraine had a strong impact on Epic’s 2022 results. It led the company to implement several 
significant salary increases during the year (i.e. a 5.2% increase in the average wages of employees in place 
– RMPP) to preserve the purchasing power of employees and the attractiveness of RATP’s business lines. 
Despite a hedging policy that made it possible to absorb the shock in 2022, RATP also suffered a sharp 
increase in energy prices, due in particular to tensions on gas supply, the price of which doubled between 
2021 and 2022. In total, after application of the indexation clauses provided for in the contract with Île-de-
France Mobilités, the negative impact of inflation on operating income was –€96 million. The indexation 
of the share of compensation linked to payroll is limited to 1.5% per year. 
The macroeconomic and geopolitical context is also putting pressure on supply chains at the global level, 
with strong demand from companies due to the resumption of post-Covid activity, but a deteriorated offer 
due to bottlenecks. This situation has a direct impact on the implementation of RATP’s investment pro-
gram, which is down slightly compared to 2021 (–7%) while remaining at historically high levels (€2.2 
billion), driven by the plan for very ambitious investments under the 2021-2024 contract signed with Île-
de-France Mobilités (€8.5 billion over four years). 
SUBSIDIARIES 
After 2021 and a first quarter of 2022 still marked by the Covid-19 crisis, the activity of subsidiaries 
gradually resumed in France and around the world, in line with the lifting of restrictions (with the exception 
of Hong Kong), including on the most sensitive to the health situation: tourist buses and shops on the RATP 
network. 
The financial year 2022, similarly to the Epic, suffered a negative impact by the deterioration of the 
international economic context: increase in prices (raw materials and energy), tensions on the labour market 
(increase in wages, shortage of drivers, absenteeism, etc.). The impacts on public transport network 
operating contracts vary according to the contractual provisions and the terms of the hedging of price 
changes by the transport authorities. 
1.1 – Transport activities  
1.1.1 – Epic 
In 2022, traffic within the scope of the RATP Epic in the Île-de-France region increased sharply. It thus 
amounted to 2.859 billion journeys (MV), up by +498 MV (+21%) compared to 2021, but nevertheless 
remains 14% below its level of 2019. 
This increase in traffic is mainly due to: 
- The catch-up effect linked to the end of the health crisis. The recovery in traffic is more dynamic for the 
modes that had been more affected by the health crisis (metro and RER). The recovery is less marked on 
the surface network; 
- The effect of production difficulties in the second half-year on the surface network. 
Annual metro traffic has bounced back with a 32% increase (324 million more journeys). Metro traffic, 
after a start of the year impacted by the pandemic, increased throughout the year to reach a level of around 
–11% of 2019, benefiting from the lifting of health restrictions and the resumption of tourism. Weekday 
traffic remains more impacted by remote work, while that of the weekend is close to its 2019 level. 
Transfers from the bus to the metro also contributed to these results. Traffic remains at 158 million journeys 
below the pre-crisis level (2019). 
Annual RER traffic increased by +35% (+119 MV) compared to 2021, benefiting in particular from a 
reduction in car users, due to the increase in fuel prices. Traffic remains 36 MV below the pre-crisis level 
(2019). 
The surface network (Epic) recorded a slight increase in its traffic in 2022 (+6%; +56 MV), more moderate 
than that of the rail networks due to major production difficulties during the year due to recruitment 
difficulties and absenteeism. However, the tram network was less affected (+17%) than the Bus network 
(+2%). Traffic remains at 260 MV (–20%) below the pre-crisis level (2019).

--- Page 77 ---
-69- 
 
1.1.2 – Other developments in France 
RATP Dev consolidated its positions by renewing almost all of the urban contracts in Bourges, Vienne, 
Laon and Annemasse. 
A subsidiary of RATP Dev (51%) and Transports Publics genevois (49%), Transports publics de 
l’agglomération d’Annemasse (TP2A) is the oldest network in the portfolio, operated by RATP Dev since 
2002. Called TAC Mobilités (Transports annemassiens collectifs), this multimodal network has 120 
employees and 37 vehicles running on seven lines, of which one in BRT. 
Growth was also driven by: 
- Winning two offensive contracts: the network in the greater 
Laval area and the interurban lines of Berry; 
- A strengthening of activities in Haute-Savoie (notably the network in the Thonon-les-Bains urban area): 
• Doubling the transport offer by merging all conventional transport offers into a dense, fluid and 
intermodal urban network, better connected with the French and Swiss intercity networks, 
• The deployment of innovative digital solutions to streamline the passenger journey. 
These changes were partly offset by the exit of the Vexin contracts (TVM/CTVMI) and the non-renewal of 
the Valenciennes contract as of 1 January 2023. 
RATP Dev is continuing its development efforts, with: 
- Responses to calls for tender for the operation of DSP in urban networks and in support of long-distance 
services; current offers include those in Toulon and Rheims, as well as the application for the various 
units in the Lyon network; 
- A positioning in the rail sector following the opening up to competition of the regional express train (TER) 
markets. The “Régioneo” subsidiary responded to the Pays de Loire region’s call for tenders for the 
operation of the Nantes-Niort-Chateaubriant and Nantes-Clisson lines and five “south-Loire” lines, i.e. 
30%. of the regional network; 
- The current offers for the operation of metro lines 15, 16 and 17 of the Grand Paris Express network, in 
partnership with Alstom and the Singaporean company ComfortDelGro Transit, as well as the operation 
of the Orly station. The teams are also preparing to respond to the call for tenders for metro line 18. 
2022 is the first year of operational activity for RATP Cap Île-de-France, with: 
- The takeover of the 11 Optile contracts previously operated by RATP Dev: Cars Perrier, SQYBUS, 
Céobus, Mobicité, CFTM, STILE, PEM Mantes, RD Mantois, FlexCité 91, FlexCité 93, FlexCité TAD; 
- The start-up in August 2022 of the two contracts won by the Group in 2021 for the Optile networks on 
the Plateau de Saclay and tram line T10/Paladin buses. 
In 2022, RATP Cap Île-de-France conducted intense commercial activity, with the continuation of calls for 
tender as part of the process of opening up the Optile network to competition (buses in the greater suburbs) 
and the responses to the first calls for tenders on the historic Bus network of the RATP Epic, the award 
procedure for eight of the twelve units defined by Île-de-France Mobilités having been initiated. RATP Cap 
Île-de-France is also continuing its development by positioning itself on rail calls for tenders in the Île-de-
France region, in particular with the tram-train batch (tram lines T4 to T11) – Esbly-Crécy line. 
1.1.3 – Other international developments 
- In the United States, after winning a contract for the transport of people with reduced mobility in 
Indianapolis (IndyGo) in 2021, RATP Dev won the contract for Greensboro in North Carolina and for 
Lextran in Kentucky. 
- In Italy, 2022 was the first year of full operation of the Bus network in the Region of Tuscany, RATP 
Dev’s first contract. The Group has successfully resumed operating all routes previously operated by 22 
companies in a single company. 
- In Qatar, the Lusail tramway was opened on 1 January 2022. RATP Dev successfully met the challenge 
of the Football World Cup at the end of the year, with the Doha metro operating at the level of service 
quality expected by the customer.

--- Page 78 ---
-70- 
 
- In Egypt, RATP Dev recorded the full-year effect of the resumed operation of metro line 3 of the Cairo 
metro in June 2021, and has been operating the new LRT line serving the new Egyptian capital since 
September 2022. 
- In Saudi Arabia, RATP Dev is continuing its mobilisation on the Riyadh metro with a view to the opening 
of line 2 is scheduled for fall 2023. 
- In consortium with Siemens, Plenary and Webuild, RATP Dev won the tender for the Western Sydney 
airport line in Australia, for the construction of an automatic metro line (23 km, six stations) and its 
operation over a period of fifteen years. The “Western Sydney Airport” line is intended to link residential 
areas to employment hubs, in particular the new city of Aerotropolis, and to connect passengers at the 
new Western Sydney International Airport (Nancy-Bird Walton) to the rest of the Sydney public 
transport network. 
- In Serbia, RATP Dev signed a one-year technical assistance contract to prepare the operation of the three 
future auto-mated lines of the Belgrade metro, with a first commissioning scheduled for 2028. 
In the United Kingdom, in a tense market context due to macroeconomic imbalances, labour shortages and 
social tensions, the operation of London buses is encountering difficulties, common to most operators 
present on this market. In this disrupted context, RATP Dev has begun to reflect on the future of this activity 
and on ways to strengthen the strategic position of the companies concerned on the London market and 
enable them to pursue their ambitious energy transition plan, regardless of their shareholding structure. 
RATP Dev currently has six electric garages and 256 of its own buses in London, representing 30% of its 
fleet. 
In Algeria, in agreement with the concession granting authority, RATP Dev initiated the sale to the Algerian 
State of its shares in the company Setram in charge of operating the trams at the end of 2022. 
These two activities were reclassified in 2022 under IFRS 5. Their results are therefore no longer reflected 
in revenue or operating income. The 2021 financial statements have been restated to enable them to be 
compared with the 2022 financial statements. 
1.2 – Urban service activities 
After its creation in 2021 and the winning of two major contracts: Grand Paris Express fibre network 
concession and management of the City of Paris cooling network in partnership with Engie, RATP 
Solutions Ville continued its development in 2022, in particular through: 
- In the field of real estate codevelopment, the gain of the project to renovate the 26,500-m2 historic 
headquarters of the public assistance of hospitals in Paris (AP-HP), in partnership with Apsys and BNP 
Paribas; 
- The increase in the share capital of Cityscoot alongside the Banque des Territoires. 
REAL ESTATE 
RATP Real Estate continued its growth, both on internal projects, serving the Group and externally. 
For the Group, 2022 was marked by the delivery of several major projects: 
— Delivery of the Atelier Italie and Atelier Vaugirard industrial sites. As a reminder, the Vaugirard project 
provides for the creation of a neighbourhood organised around a new street by 2026 with housing 
certified “Habitat et Environnement” and a multi-reception structure dedicated to early childhood; 
— The building works of the energy transition programme for the bus depots operated by the Epic; 
— Delivery of RATP Group’s renovated headquarters via its subsidiary Urban Station as part of the 
programme to modernise workspaces and reduce the carbon footprint from office buildings. 
Externally, after the opening in 2021 of the Petites Écuries corporate working space, located in the 10th 
district of Paris and capable of accommodating about fifty people (offices adjoining the RER line B 
rectification sub-station), RATP Real Estate opened a business centre on the premises of RATP Gare de 
Lyon. 
RATP Habitat delivered 145 housing units in Paris and Fontenay-sous-Bois.

--- Page 79 ---
-71- 
 
URBAN MOBILITY 
RATP Capital Innovation continues its investment in inter-modality, through the increase in the capital of 
Cityscoot, now 44% owned. In addition to Cityscoot, RATP Capital Innovation made two investments 
during the year: Electra (development of a fleet of fast-char-ging electric stations) and Zenride (company 
bicycle service). 
In the historical portfolio of RATP Capital Innovation: 
- Mobizen/Communauto launched a semi-free-floating trial with electric vehicles in partnership with the 
City of Paris and developed its offer in Canada; 
- Klaxit consolidates its position as the leader in short-distance carpooling in France. Around thirty local 
authorities are involved in the adventure and 2022 will see the development of the Rouen network 
(Normandy); 
- Zenpark is positioned as the leading operator of shared car parks in France and Europe with 1,300 spaces 
managed. The company is continuing to develop its offers, notably with new commissionings in Lille 
and Bordeaux; 
- Vianova continues its international development with new partner cities (Berlin, Abu Dhabi), but also 
major accounts and mobility operators. 
TELECOMMUNICATIONS 
RATP Connect saw its scope evolve with the arrival of the Grand Paris Express network and the signature 
of the fibre and 3G/4G deployment contract on metro line 14 South. 
On the historical network, work continued to improve the quality of 3G/4G coverage on the network after 
the delay caused by the health crisis. 
LOGISTICS 
Implemented by RATP Capital Innovation, the innovative urban logistics offering started in 2021 on four 
industrial sites with two commercial contracts (Chronopost and Amazon). It makes it possible for the 
Group’s industrial sites to be used by last-mile opera-tors, particularly when buses are out. 
In 2022, the offer was completed with the opening of an additional site in Bagneux (4,000 m2) and the new 
marketing wave resulted in the arrival of a third customer (Ecolotrans). 
1.3 – Engineering activities 
2022 saw a record level of activity, with revenue in excess of €900 million, notably thanks to the second 
phase of the high-speed line project between London and Manchester (“High Speed 2”). The figures also 
include the full-year effect of the acquisition of the Italian company SWS completed in 2021, enabling it 
to strengthen its skills in infrastructure, particularly underground, and to strengthen its commercial 
positions in Europe (Italy, Scandinavia) and North America. 
Commercial activity was also very dynamic, with a total order intake of €1 million for the year, including: 
- The contracting of phase 2 of the HS2 high-speed line project in the United Kingdom; 
- Project management assistance and project management contracts on metro line 15 of the Grand Paris 
Express network;  
- An amendment to the Riyadh metro contract in Saudi Arabia;  
- A supervision contract for the modernisation of line 1 of the Cairo metro in Egypt; 
- A civil engineering contract for the Mumbai metro in India. 
At the end of December, the backlog stood at €1.3 billion, crossed in 2019, i.e. around sixteen months of 
revenue.

--- Page 80 ---
-72- 
 
2 – 2022 Consolidated financials 
2.1 – Consolidated revenue 
Group revenue increased by €536 million vs 2021 (+10% pro forma), of which +€6 million for the Epic 
and +€530 million for the subsidiaries. 
In 2022, the increase in revenue is mainly due to the full-year effect of the bus operation contract in Tuscany 
(+€356 million), the effects of indexation on inflation compensation contracts (+€140 million) and the 
recovery of traffic (+€149 million). These changes are hampered by the increase in reductions and penalties 
for non-produced offers (–€137 million), following the difficulties in providing service coverage in the Île-
de-France region, in France and abroad. 
Subsidiary revenue posted strong pro forma growth of 49.7% and reached 26% of Group revenue compared 
to 19% in 2021. 
Revenue from the Transport business increased by €459 million pro forma, of which –€68 million for the 
Epic and +€527 million for the subsidiaries. 
Growth in Transport revenue was driven by the dynamism of the subsidiaries, whose Transport revenue 
increased from €1.01 billion to €1.537 billion, in particular thanks to the ramp-up of the bus contract in 
Tuscany. 
Epic’s Transport revenue was down due to the increase in rebates and penalties, which masks the sharp 
upturn in profit-sharing for revenue and validations, and in the OrlyVal business. 
Infrastructure management revenue increased by €75 million due to the growth in ancillary revenue 
(advertising, commercial leases), and the euro-to-euro hedging of all taxes and duties. 
 
Revenue from the Security business was stable. Revenue from the “Urban Services” activity remained 
stable at €33 million. 
Revenue from the “Other Services” activity was up slightly to €23 million (+€2 million). 
 
Operating income decreased by €134 million pro forma, of which –€144 million for the RATP Epic. The 
subsidiaries’ EBIT increased by €10 million. 
Operating income from the transport business decreased by €126 million, of which –€142 million for the 
Epic and +€16 million for the subsidiaries. For the RATP Epic, Transport EBIT decreased by €142 million, 
due to insufficient coverage by contractual indexations of the increase in energy prices and wages (–€81 
million), deterioration in service coverage resulting in an increase in penalties and malus (–€44 million), 
the impact of absenteeism on the benefit of social security schemes (–€30 million), provisioning of the 
dispute with Urssaf (–€39 million), and the counter-effect of a payroll tax adjustment in 2021 for –€39 
million. These effects were partially offset by the impact of the traffic recovery on profit-sharing for receipts 
and approvals for +€81 million. The subsidiaries’ Transport EBIT increased by €16 million. This increase 
mainly reflects the performance of RATP Dev, with the full-year effect of the contract in Tuscany and the 
resumption of tourist bus passenger numbers in line with the resumption of air traffic and tourism. 
The infrastructure management EBIT decreased very slightly, down €2 million. 
EBIT for the security business is stable. 
EBIT for the Urban Services activity was down –€8 million, mainly due to the technical impact of the 
accounting treatment of the increase in Cityscoot’s share capital in application of IFRS 3. 
EBIT for the Other Services activity remained stable at –€12 million, mainly due to the development costs 
of the MaaS project. 
EBIT for the Engineering activity increased by 3 million. The increase in operating income reflects the 
good performance achieved by Systra in 2022. 
2.2 – Consolidated net income, Group share 
The consolidated net income Group share was –€26 million at the end of 2022, compared to €207 million 
in 2021, a decrease of –€232 million. This deterioration, which is more marked than that in operating 
income, mainly reflects the difficulties of the public transport activities operated by RATP Dev in London 
(traced back to the level of net income in accordance with IFRS 5), for which the Group has undertaken an 
assessment of its strategic options, as well as the change in deferred tax expense. 
2.3 – Consolidated equity

--- Page 81 ---
-73- 
 
Total consolidated equity increased from €5.013 billion to €5.395 billion, an increase of €382 million, 
which includes: 
- An increase of €467 million for the Epic; 
- A decrease of €86 million for the subsidiaries. 
The Epic equity mainly includes: 
- Actuarial gains and losses on post-employment benefits; 
- Change in value of financial instruments recorded in equity; — Annual income. 
The equity of the subsidiaries mainly includes: 
- Annual income; 
- Currency conversion impacts of non-euro zone entities. 
2.4 – Investments 
RATP Group’s investments amounted to €2.386 billion (including €319 million in investments made on 
behalf of Société du Grand Paris for the extension of metro line 14 to the south). Of the €1.88 billion in 
investments made in the Île-de-France region by the Epic within the scope of the contractual four-year 
investment plan (plan quadriennal d’investissement – PQI), nearly 65% of the budget is devoted to the 
maintenance and upgrade programme for the network and rolling stock. The remainder was spent on 
increasing transport capacity (extension of the metro and tram lines) and upgrading stations and passenger 
information. 
In terms of network upgrading and infrastructure maintenance (€1.202 billion), the following are of 
particular note: 
- A marked effort to modernise the metro network with the MF19 programme, the automation of metro line 
4 and the upgrade of metro line 6 with the arrival of the MP89 trains; 
- An investment of €202 million in the RER network to renovate the MI2N and MI84 trains, continue the 
planned acquisition of the future MI20, and finalise the RVB (renewal of tracks and ballast) of RER line 
A; 
- Expenses for the adaptation of bus depots to the energy transition and purchases of 471 new electric and 
biomethane buses for €290 million. 
The extension of metro and tram lines (€531 million) includes: 
- €460 million in investments for infrastructure projects under the State-Region Plan Contract, including 
the extension of metro line 11 to Rosny-Bois-Perrier, work to extend metro line 4 to Bagneux and metro 
line 12 to Mairie d’Aubervilliers and the extensions of metro line 14 to the north and south; 
- €62 million in investments for the extension of the tram line T1 to Asnières Quatre routes and the tram 
line T3B from Porte-d’Asnières to Porte-Dauphine. 
In terms of the modernisation of passenger spaces and passenger information (€147 million), investments 
were driven in particular by a strong momentum in projects to modernise passenger spaces on the metro 
network for €64 million: renovation of 11 stations, improvement of security, creation of additional accesses, 
Symphonie project (improvement of the quality of service in spaces). On the RER network, these 
investments represent €40 million and are supported by the new RER line A display screens, the renovation 
of the Auber, Vincennes and Charles de Gaulle – Etoile stations. 
2.5 – Consolidated net debt 
Consolidated net debt increased by €159 million between 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. The 
Group’s operating cash flow excluding IFRS 16, which amounted to €932 million, down –€93 million 
compared to 2021, enabled 91% of investments net of subsidies to be self-financed, which were maintained 
at a high level in 2022, at €1.026 billion. 
It is the improvement in operating working capital of –€150 million as well as the cash payment received 
for unwinding interest rate hedges at the time of the bond issue in May for –€44 million which mainly 
explain the decrease in the Group’s debt.

--- Page 82 ---
-74- 
 
Debt for the Transport business decreased by €151 million, of which –€209 million for the pic and +€58 
million for the subsidiaries. 
The improvement in RATP’s Transport business debt is explained by the improvement in operating 
working capital of –€209 million. 
The increase in subsidiaries’ net debt (+€58 million) is mainly due to the deterioration in working capital 
of +€69 million due in particular to delays in contractual payments on contracts that are significant in 
terms of volume for RATP Dev. 
As a reminder, Systra’s debt is not consolidated. 
Regarding the financing, to finance its day-to-day operations, investments and loan repayments, RATP 
mobilises most of its financing on organised or over-the-counter debt markets. RATP has several financing 
programmes with varying maturities: 
- A euro medium term note (EMTN) programme with a maximum amount of €7 billion; 
- A Neu CP (formerly « billets de trésorerie ») programme of up to €3 billion. 
The ratings assigned by Moody’s and Fitch Ratings reflect RATP’s credit quality and provide visibility to 
the financial markets. The short-term and long-term ratings assigned by the financial rating agencies are 
as follows as of 30 January 2022: 
- Fitch Ratings: AA-, F1+ with stable outlook; 
- Moody’s: Aa2, P1 with stable outlook. 
RATP is pursuing a financing strategy aimed at diversifying its investor base and making its bond 
placements more international. 
In May 2022, RATP issued a ten-year benchmark bond of €500 million at a rate of 1.87%, i.e. a spread of 
35 bps above the benchmark OAT. RATP had set up an interest rate hedging programme on part of its 
financing requirement for 2022. After inclusion of the balance received when unwinding these hedging 
transactions, the rate of the loan came out at 0.99%. 
2.6 – Non-capitalised research and development initiatives 
The amount allocated to these actions amounts to €2.8 million for the year 2022. 
3 – RATP Epic’s separate financial statements 
The year 2022 is the second year of the Île-de-France Mobilités-RATP 2021-2024 contract. 
The Epic’s net finance income is down from 2021, with gross operating surplus (EBIT) and net income 
down by €128 million and €139 million respectively. 
The upturn in traffic in 2022 (+21% vs 2021) had a positive impact on revenue of +€119 million: +€81 
million in revenue and approval incentives, +€38 million in growth in ancillary revenue (advertising, 
OrlyVal, etc.). 
The effects of inflation on costs not covered by the contractual indexation of compensation reduced BIT 
and net income by –€96 million, despite a positive impact on revenue of €103 million. 
The results are also affected by the deterioration in service cove-rage observed in the second half-year of 
2022 on the bus activity, which resulted in an increase in penalties and malus impacting the BIT for –€44 
million. The maintenance of a high level of absenteeism also deteriorated the result of the social security 
plans borne by the employer RATP by –€34 million. 
One-off events also deteriorated the results: counter-effect of an adjustment in 2021 on the payroll tax for 
–€43 million, lower savings related to partial unemployment for –€19 million. 
In 2022, the company continued its productivity efforts, both in support functions and in operational 
businesses, in accordance with its contractual objectives, while continuing its transformation projects. Net 
productivity reached 0.8%, representing a reduction in operating costs which were down €28 million.

--- Page 83 ---
-75- 
 
In addition to the change in BIT, net income was impacted by the provisioning of a dispute with the Urssaf 
for –€42 million, partially offset by the decrease in financial expenses for +€29 million (of which +€12 
million in actuarial gains and losses for long-term benefits). 
Investments in 2022 (excluding equity securities) amounted to €1.89 billion, of which €1.88 billion in 
respect of the PQI, compared with €1.939 billion in 2021, a slight decrease of €65 million, in particular due 
to delays in rolling stock deliveries. 
Net debt amounted to €5.173 billion. Debt was down by –€238 million compared to the end of December 
2021 (€5.411 billion) thanks to the improvement in operating working capital of –€214 million. 
4 – Outlook 
The effects of the deterioration of the macroeconomic context should continue and weigh significantly on 
the projected results in 2023. The increase in energy prices (electricity, gas) should particularly weigh on 
the results for 2023, after a relatively stable year in 2022 thanks to the hedging strategies put in place by 
the company. The salary measures taken in 2023 to preserve the purchasing power of employees, improve 
the attractiveness of in-demand jobs, and support productivity efforts will also result in an increase in 
production costs. The degree of coverage of these changes by the contractual mechanisms for discounting 
the compensation paid by Île-de-France Mobilités is a factor of uncertainty. 
The priorities for 2023 are to quickly improve the level of transport services produced by RATP in the Île-
de-France region to prepare the company for the major events of the Olympic and Paralympic Games in 
the summer of 2024, and from 2023, the Rugby World Cup. To meet these challenges, RATP is stepping 
up its efforts to attract and retain its employees: RATP has entered into majority agreements on the working 
time of bus drivers and on mandatory annual negotiations with its representative trade union organisations 
and launched an unprecedented recruitment drive. With a targeted 2,500 entries for 2023, following 1,500 
recruitments in 2022, the acceleration in hiring is already bearing fruit, increasing the contractual offer to 
84% in January 2023. 
Improving the daily lives of passengers in the Paris region will also require the continuation of the massive 
investment effort, with the support of Île-de-France Mobilités, with the arrival of new trains on metro lines 
11 and 14, the completion of the automation of metro line 4, the gradual deployment of upgraded trains on 
metro line 6, the adaptation of infrastructure to the arrival of new equipment, the continuation of the 
extension work on metro lines 11 and 14, tram lines T1 and T3b, and the energy transition of bus depots 
and the bus fleet. 
For the subsidiaries, as for the Epic, the year 2023 is starting in a tense economic context. The teams are 
strongly mobilised, both to restore production and quality of service in the Île-de-France region, London, 
and in the United States, to prepare the commissioning of new offers (Riyadh and Sydney metro systems, 
new contracts won in France and in the United States) or execute major concession contracts with RATP 
Solutions Ville (Grand Paris Connect, Fraîcheur de Paris, renovation of the APHP head office). The year 
will also be marked by very intense commercial activity for RATP Dev (calls for tender for the Grand Paris 
Express, major regional networks) and RATP Cap Île-de-France (bus and tram-train calls for tenders). 
CONFLICT OF INTEREST 
To the knowledge of RATP, there are no potential conflicts between any duties of the issuing entity of the 
members of the Conseil d’Administration of RATP and their private interests and/or other duties. 
MANAGEMENT 
The Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of RATP includes representatives of the French State, 
the Region, local authorities, staff and passengers, in addition to persons appointed as a result of their 
particular competence (Article 1 of Decree No. 84-276 of 13 April 1984). The Chairman and Chief 
Executive (Président Directeur Général) are appointed by a Decree of the Council of Ministers pursuant 
to a proposal by the Board of Directors. A government commissioner is a member of the Board to ensure 
that the general strategy and orientation of RATP conform to the Cahier des Charges and to state the 
Government's position on issues discussed. The French State's financial and economic control over RATP 
is carried out by the Mission de Contrôle Economique et Financier des Transports (a department of the 
Ministry of Planning, Equipment and Transport) created by the Decree of 26 May 1955.  
The composition of the Conseil d'Administration of RATP is as follows:

--- Page 84 ---
-76- 
 
French State Representative 
Name 
Position 
Other significant mandates 
Jean CASTEX 
Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer of RATP 
Chairman of Fondation Agir 
Contre l’Exclusion (FACE) 
Chairman of RATP’s Fondation  
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board of RATP Développement 
Municipal Counsillor of Prades 
Céline FORNARO 
Head of the Finance Department 
- APE, Ministry of the Economy, 
Finance and Recovery 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors of EDF (from 28 June 
2022 to 5 October 2022) 
Corinne FAU 
Member of the Executive Board 
of Enedis and Head of Finance, 
Purchasing and Insurance 
Chairman of the board of 
Directors of LBF SA 
Nicolas FERRAND 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer of 
Solideo 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors of OPPIC  
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors Paris 2024 
Emmanuelle GAY 
Regional and Interdepartmental 
manager of 
equipment and 
development IDF 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
of 
EPFIF, 
GPA 
SOLIDEO, ORF, APUR and 
IPR-AESN-SGP (Société du 
Grand Paris) – and EPAPS (as 
alternate member). 
Pierre-Alain ROCHE 
Chairman of the Mobility and 
Transport Section of the General 
Council for the Environment and 
Sustainable Development 
None 
 
 
Elise CALAIS 
Assistant to the Director of the 
Budget at the Ministry of the 
Economy, Finance and Recovery 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
of 
Météo-France, 
CEREMA, Société du Canal 
Seine-Nord 
Europe, 
établissement 
public 
d’aménagement 
de 
Saint-
Etienne, établissement public 
foncier d’Ile-de-France, EPAPS. 
Didier TRUTT 
Independent Director, Chairman 
of the Board of Directors and 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer of 
Imprimerie Nationale SA (IN 
GROUPE) 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors and member of the 
CSR Committee of Française 
des Jeux (FDJ)

--- Page 85 ---
-77- 
 
Marc GUILLAUME 
Préfet of the région Ile de France 
and Préfet de Paris 
The Préfet de la Région Ile-de-
France, Préfet de Paris, is a 
member of the following Board 
of 
Directors: 
Etablissement 
Public Paris-la Défense (EPPD) 
(replaced if necessary by the 
Préfet 
of 
Hauts-de-Seine), 
Etablissement 
Public 
d'aménagement Paris Saclay 
(EPAPS), Etablissement public 
foncier d'Ile de France (EPFIF), 
Conseil de surveillance de la 
SGP 
(Commissaire 
du 
gouvernement), EPA Marne, 
Airparif, Bruitparif,  EPA Orly 
Rungis 
Seine 
Amont, 
SOLIDEO. 
The Préfet de la Région Ile-de-
France is also a member of the 
Technical 
and 
Financial 
Supervision Committee of the 
SGP, 
as 
Government 
Commissioner to the SGP. 
The Préfet de la Région Ile-de-
France, Préfet de Paris is also 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of the Institut Gustave 
Roussy, 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
of 
the 
Regional 
Health 
Agency, 
President of the Consultative 
Commission 
on 
the 
Environment of Roissy (or 
chaired by delegation by the 
Prefect of Val d'Oise), Vice-
President 
of 
GIP 
CARIF, 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
of 
the 
Seine-
Normandy Water Agency,  1st 
Vice-President of the Board of 
Directors of the Institut Paris 
Région.   
The Préfet de la Région Ile-de-
France, Préfet de Paris sits on 
the Board of EPAURIF. 
The Préfet de la Région Ile-de-
France, Préfet de Paris is also an 
Interministerial Delegate for the

--- Page 86 ---
-78- 
 
Euro Disneyland project in 
France. 
 
Representatives chosen for their personal skills in the field of transport 
 
Name 
Position 
Other significant mandates 
Bruno ANGLES 
Operating Officer of AG2R La 
Mondiale 
 
Director of Fondation de France 
 
Patrice RAULIN 
Former president of the Lyon-
Turin company Ferroviaire 
Member of the APRR/AREA 
Group's contracting commission,  
member of the board of directors 
of 
ESH 
Batigère 
Habitats 
Solidaire 
 
 
Representatives of socio-economic interest group 
Name 
Position 
Other significant mandates 
Michèle BELLON 
Former president of ERDF 
Director of Athena Investments 
A/S,  HF Company and Resoli 
 
Magali JOESSEL 
Director of the Investment Fund 
Societes de Projets Industriels 
 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors of Mersen, Yposkesi, 
Njfaval Energie 
Augustin De ROMANET 
Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer of Aéroports de Paris 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of the établissement 
public du domaine national de 
Chambord, Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of Paris 
Europlace, Director of SCOR.   
 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
of 
Le 
Cercle 
des 
Économistes. 
  
Director 
of 
QUALIUM, 
President of the Paris Europlace 
Association. 
 
Representatives of public transport customers  
Name 
Position 
Other significant mandates 
Michel BABUT 
Representative of the National 
Federation of Transport Users 
Associations (FNAUT) 
None 
Stéphane BERNARDELLI 
National 
Union 
of 
Family 
Associations (UNAF) 
Director of CNAM designated 
by UNAF and alternate member 
of the CNSR (conseil national

--- Page 87 ---
-79- 
 
de la sécurité routière), Member 
of the Board of Directors of 
UDAF93 
(Vice-Chairman), 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of the CAF of Seine-
Saint-Denis 
appointed 
by 
UDAF93 and counsillor of the 
CPAM of Seine St Denis. 
 
Elected representatives of the municipalities or groups of municipalities concerned by the activity of 
the Issuer 
 
Name 
Position 
Other significant mandates 
Nadia DESBOIS 
Municipal Counsillor of the city 
of Antony 
Director of Centre communal 
d’action sociale of Antony,  
Chairman 
of 
DIALOGOS 
SASU. 
Maya AKKARI 
Counsillor of the city of Paris, 
Delegate to the Mayor of the 18th 
district in charge of urban policy 
and social centers 
Director of SAETE, SAEMES, 
Théâtre 
de 
Montfort, 
Cité 
internationale des arts. 
 
 
Representatives elected by the employees 
Name 
Position 
Other significant mandates 
Mohamed BOUZOURENE 
UNSA 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of RATP Habitat 
Laurence 
DE 
WILDE-
GHIKH 
UNSA 
Director of RATP’s Fondation  
Valérie DADOU 
UNSA 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of RATP Real Estate 
Gilles ROUE 
CGT 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of RATP Real Estate 
Gaëlle PEDRAZA 
CGT 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of RATP Habitat 
Abdelmalek EL HACHEMI 
Rassemblement 
None 
Luc-Gilles WALLOP 
Rassemblement 
Director of RATP’s Fondation 
Fabien RENAUD 
CFE-CGC 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of RATP Travel 
Retail 
Hervé TECHER 
Sud 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of RATP Connect 
 
The contact address of the members of the Management is the same as that of the Issuer.

--- Page 88 ---
-80- 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF SECURITIES 
TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN EU REGULATED MARKET 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
on insurance distribution, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes or [the/each] manufacturer's approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA dated 5 February 
2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.1
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy 
statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
 
1  Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes by EU manufacturers, taking 
into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.

--- Page 89 ---
-81- 
 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]1 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification - [Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001, the "SFA"), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that 
the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018.]2 
Final Terms dated [•] 
REGIE AUTONOME DES TRANSPORTS PARISIENS 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 7,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500K59E47ULNCAQ69 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 19 July 2023 [and the supplement to the base prospectus dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
may be amended from time to time) (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus[, the supplement[s] thereto] [and these Final Terms] [is] [are] available for viewing 
on the websites of the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) and the Issuer 
(https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-ratp/newsroom/corporate/publications-legales 
and 
https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-ratp/presentation-du-groupe/documents-de-reference). 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 19 July 2023 [and the supplement to the base 
prospectus dated [●]]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 19 July 2023 [and the supplement to the base 
prospectus dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 
base prospectus dated [•] [and the supplement to the base prospectus dated [●]] and are attached hereto. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the base prospectus dated [•] [and the supplement to the base 
prospectus dated [●] and [●]]. [The Base Prospectus, the base prospectus dated [●] [and the supplement to 
the base prospectus] and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of the Autorité des 
marchés 
financiers 
(www.amf-france.org) 
and 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-
 
1  Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes by UK manufacturers, taking 
into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance 
with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials") 
2  Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 90 ---
-82- 
 
ratp/newsroom/corporate/publications-legales 
and 
https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-ratp/presentation-du-
groupe/documents-de-reference). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing final terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given 
as to whether such terms or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the 
need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
Issuer: 
Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens  
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[     ]  
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:  
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
earlier tranche] on [insert date/as from the date of 
assimilation which is expected to be on or about 40 
calendar 
days 
after 
the 
Issue 
Date 
(the 
"Consolidation Date") of this Tranche/as from the 
Issue Date of this Tranche] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] (In case of Dual Currency Notes, specify the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated and the 
currency in which principal and/or interest are 
payable) 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[     ] 
[(i)]  Series: 
[     ] 
[(ii)  Tranche: 
[     ]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible notes only, if applicable)] 
6.  
Specified Denominations: 3 
[     ] 
7. 
[(i)] Issue Date: 
[     ]   
[(ii)] Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]   
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Fixed to Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
3 If an issue of Notes is (i) not admitted to trading on a EEA regulated market and (ii) only offered within the EEA in circumstances 
where a prospectus is not required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation the €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) minimum denomination is not required.

--- Page 91 ---
-83- 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par]  
[Dual Currency]  
[Partly Paid]  
[Instalment] 
[Other (specify)] 
11.  
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for convertibility of 
Notes into another interest or redemption/ payment 
basis] 
12.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put] 
[Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[     ] [and [     ], respectively]] 
[(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)]  
14.  
Method of distribution 
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year  
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[      ] per [     ] Specified Denomination 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[     ] per Specified Denomination, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual/365 / 
Actual/Actual-([ICMA]/ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/360 
/ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(vii) 
Determination Dates: 
[     ] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
([ICMA])) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Following

--- Page 92 ---
-84- 
 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination (give details)] 
(vi)  
Calculation Agent(s): 
[     ] 
(vii) 
Interest Period Date(s):  
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination - 
IBOR: 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[Not Applicable/specify dates]  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[     ] 
- 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[[     ] [T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date]] 
- 
Primary 
Source 
for 
Floating Rate: 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference Banks"] 
- 
Reference 
Banks 
(if 
Primary 
Source 
is 
"Reference Banks"): 
[Specify four] 
- 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the 
Benchmark - specify if not London] 
- 
Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR or other benchmark] 
- 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are 
to be given in respect of a transaction of a specified 
notional amount] 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period] 
- 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period] 
(ix)         Screen Rate Determination – 
SONIA: 
- "p": 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
- Calculation Method: 
(x)          Screen Rate Determination – 
€STR: 
 
- Observation Method 
[- Lag Period: 
[- Observation Shift Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[Lag 
Method/Observation 
Shift 
Method/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Lag/Observation Shift] 
[●]] 
[●]]

--- Page 93 ---
-85- 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
- D: 
(xi)         Margin(s): 
[●] 
[[●] days / As per the Conditions] 
[+/-][     ] per cent. per annum 
(xii)  
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per annum/ 
0 as per Condition 5(i)] 
(xiii)  
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual/365 / 
Actual/Actual-([ICMA]/ISDA) /  Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(xv) 
Rate Multiplier 
[     ] 
17.  
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[      ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual/365 / 
Actual/Actual-([ICMA]/ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/360 
/ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
18. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Interest Periods preceding 
the Switch Date (excluded): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 4.3, as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/[Condition 
4.4, as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in items [15/16] of these 
Final Terms 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Interest Periods following 
the Switch Date (included): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 4.3, as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/[Condition 
4.4, as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in items [15/16] of these 
Final Terms 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[    ] 
(vi) 
Minimum 
notice 
period 
required for notice from the 
Issuer: 
[[     ] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / [(for 
Automatic Change of Interest :) [    ]] [Not 
Applicable]] 
19. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange: 
[give details]

--- Page 94 ---
-86- 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent, if any, 
responsible for calculating the 
principal and/or interest due: 
[     ]  
(iii) 
Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[       ] 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual/365 / 
Actual/Actual [ICMA/ISDA]) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20.  
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[     ] per Note of [     ] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[     ]  
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[     ]  
(iv) 
Option Exercise Dates: 
[     ] 
(v) 
Description 
of 
any 
other 
Issuer's option: 
[     ] 
(vi) 
Notice period: 
[     ] 
21.  
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[     ] per Note of [     ] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
Option Exercise Dates: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Description 
of 
any 
other 
Noteholder's option: 
[     ] 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[     ] 
22.  
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[[      ] per Note of [     ] Specified Denomination/other]

--- Page 95 ---
-87- 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note payable on 
redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons or on event of default 
or other early redemption 
and/or 
the 
method 
of 
calculating 
the 
same 
(if 
required): 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons permitted on days 
other than Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Yes/No]  
 
(iii) 
Unmatured 
Coupons 
to 
become 
void 
upon 
early 
redemption 
(Bearer 
Notes 
only): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24.  
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) (Delete 
as appropriate) 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/Bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur)/ 
Registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominative)] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/ [Applicable] (if Applicable give 
name and details. Note that a Registration Agent 
must be appointed in relation to Registered Notes 
only.) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive Materialised Notes on [•] (the "Exchange 
Date"), being 40 calendar days after the Issue Date 
subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate 
25. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which items 15(ii) and 
16(ii) relate] 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
27. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment 
is 
to 
be 
made 
and 
consequences (if any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 96 ---
-88- 
 
28. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes:  
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
(iv) 
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[     ] 
[     ] 
[     ] 
[     ] 
29. 
Representation 
of 
holders 
of 
Notes/Masse: 
Condition 10 applies. 
[The Representative shall be: [•]] 
 [The 
Representative 
will 
be 
entitled 
to 
a 
remuneration of [•] per year/The Representative will 
not be entitled to a remuneration] 
DISTRIBUTION 
30. 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
31. 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
32. 
Dealer's Commission: 
[    ] 
33. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA 
not applicable] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [●] has been extracted 
from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: 
 
………………………………………. 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 97 ---
-89- 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing:  
[Paris/other (specify)/None]  
(ii) 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [●] 
with effect from [●].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on [specify relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●]  
(iv) 
Regulated 
markets 
or 
equivalent markets on which to 
the knowledge of the Issuer, 
securities of the same class of 
the securities to be offered or 
admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings:  
The Notes to be issued [have been rated/are expected 
to be rated]:  
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]]  
[[Other]: [●]]  
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 4 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established 
in the European Economic Area and [has/have each] 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation"), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.]   
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established 
in the European Economic Area and [is/are] 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
established in the European Economic Area and 
 
4  It is important to liaise with the Issuer and/or the relevant credit rating agencies to determine (i) the specific legal entity which will 
issue the credit ratings, and (ii) the status of any application which has been made to the relevant competent authority by that entity. 
It is recommended that these enquiries are made at an early stage to allow sufficient time for the information to be obtained.

--- Page 98 ---
-90- 
 
[has/have] not applied for registration under the EU 
CRA Regulation.] 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency] has given to the Notes is endorsed by a credit 
agency which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
( 
the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
( 
the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 (The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)  
(Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
[The Notes are not rated.] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) Reasons for the offer 
[●] 
 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks will need 
to include those reasons here.)]  
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If

--- Page 99 ---
-91- 
 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. ]  
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes and Dual Currency Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF 
EXCHANGE 
 
[Details of historic [€STR / EURIBOR / SONIA] 
rates can be obtained from [Reuters/other].] 
[BENCHMARKS 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
(as amended, the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable5] 
[(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation)] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●]  
Common Code: 
[●] 
Depositaries:  
 
(a) Euroclear France to act as Common 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(a) Euroclear Bank and Clearstream Banking 
Société Anonyme to act as Common 
Depository:  
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
France, Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•] (give name(s) and 
number(s) and address(es))  
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
 
5 To be included if SONIA or €STR is used as both of them are outside the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.

--- Page 100 ---
-92- 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):   
[●] 
8. 
GENERAL 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes has 
been translated into Euro at the rate of [●], 
producing a sum of (for Notes note denominated 
in Euro): 
[Not Applicable/Euro [●]]

--- Page 101 ---
-93- 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms of the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 19 July 2023 between the Issuer 
and the Permanent Dealers (together, as further supplemented or amended from time to time, (the "Dealer 
Agreement"), the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. 
However, the Issuer has reserved the right to issue Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers which are 
not Permanent Dealers. Such Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, 
at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for 
Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more 
Dealers. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as solicitation agents of the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer will pay each Dealer a commission as will be agreed between the Issuer and such Dealer in 
respect of Notes subscribed by it or whose subscription has been procured by it. The Issuer has agreed to 
reimburse BNP Paribas for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the update of the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of them by 
the Issuer or, in relation to itself and the Issuer only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than 10 
business days' notice. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. 
(i) 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or  
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(ii) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of the domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 102 ---
-94- 
 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(ii) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer subscribing for or purchasing such Notes has agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent agree that: 
(i) 
No deposit taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: 
(a) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(b) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(1) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(2) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities 
Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S"). 
Notes with a maturity of more than 12 months are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 calendar days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to 
the Issuer and each relevant Dealer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated 
basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and 
it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the 
meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on  
Regulation S.

--- Page 103 ---
-95- 
 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase 
the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any 
person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United 
States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure 
without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of the its contents to any such U.S. person or other 
person within the United States, is prohibited. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act") and has agreed or will agree, as the case may be, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, or otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
a) it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and defined in Article 2(e) of EU Prospectus Regulation, as amended, and it has only distributed 
or caused to be distributed in France to such qualified investors, the Base Prospectus, the applicable Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes; and  
b) Material Notes may only be issued outside of France. 
Belgium 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, each Dealer represents and 
agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to Belgian Consumers, 
and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, this 
Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to Belgian 
Consumers.  
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 
février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and any acting 
for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Switzerland  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:  
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold, advertised or marketed, directly or indirectly, into or 
in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), except to 
investors that qualify as professional clients within the meaning of the FinSA, and no application 
has been or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland;

--- Page 104 ---
-96- 
 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or 
the Notes (y) constitutes a prospectus or a key information document (or an equivalent document) 
as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (z) has been or will be filed with or approved 
by a Swiss review body pursuant to article 51 of the FinSA; and 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or the 
Notes may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland, except to investors that 
qualify as professional clients within the meaning of the FinSA. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
(2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of 
the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA.  
General 
These selling restrictions may be amended or supplemented in a Supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to 
the public of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer 
shall have responsibility therefor except as may result from a breach of its own obligations under the Dealer 
Agreement.

--- Page 105 ---
-97- 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application for approval 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, as competent authority under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and has received the approval no. 23-323 on 19 July 2023. The AMF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus or the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve (12) 
months after the approval by the AMF, until 19 July 2024, provided that it is completed by one or more 
supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a 
significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
(including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer 
apply. 
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading on such Regulated 
Market as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
2. 
Corporate authorisations  
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of France in 
connection with the update of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a 
resolution of the Conseil d'Administration passed on 24 May 1995. On 9 December 2022, the Conseil 
d'Administration authorised the issuance of Notes under the Programme in the year 2023.  
3. 
United States income tax laws 
Each Note with a maturity of more than 12 months and each Receipt, Coupon and Talon relating thereto 
will bear the following legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) 
and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code". 
4. 
Clearing Systems 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France and/or 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for 
each Series of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The address of Euroclear France is 66, 
rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France, the address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream is 42 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-
Duchy of Luxembourg. If the Notes are to be cleared through an addition or alternative clearing system, 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
Documents on display 
The following documents can be inspected on the website of the Issuer (https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-
ratp/newsroom/corporate/publications-légales):  
(i) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated 
Market; and 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto and any document 
incorporated by reference,

--- Page 106 ---
-98- 
 
and the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the form of the Temporary 
Global Certificate and the forms of the Definitive Materialised Notes and the Coupons, Receipts and Talons 
in relation thereto) will be available for inspection at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent or each of the 
Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to, or are outstanding 
under, this Base Prospectus.  
The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
6. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects 
on the Issuer's and/or the Group's financial position or profitability.  
7. 
No significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the 
Group since 31 December 2022. 
8. 
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
9. 
No material contracts 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus, 
there are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which 
could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
10. 
Rating 
The Issuer is rated Aa2 (outlook stable) by Moody’s and AA- (outlook stable) by Fitch.  
Moody's and Fitch are credit rating agencies established in the European Economic Area and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit rating agencies. Neither Moody’s nor Fitch 
is established in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or are registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings of Moody's and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd. and Fitch Ratings Ltd, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and 
have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody's and Fitch may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
11. 
Statutory auditors 
KPMG S.A. and Mazars have audited and rendered an unqualified audit opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer for each of the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
They have also audited and rendered an unqualified audit opinion on the annual non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for each of the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
The statutory auditors are registered with the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes 
(official statutory auditors’ representative body) and subject to the authority of the Haut Conseil du 
Commissariat aux Comptes (French High Council of Statutory Auditors). 
12. 
Post-issuance information 
In respect of derivatives securities as defined in Article 20(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation 
2019/980, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the Issuer intends to provide post-issuance 
information concerning the underlying. If the Issuer intends to report such information, the Final Terms 
will specify what information will be reported and where such information can be obtained.

--- Page 107 ---
-99- 
 
13. 
Conflicts 
(i) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer 
and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer 
or Issuer's affiliates. 
(ii) 
If any of the Dealers or their affiliates has a lending relationship with the Issuer, certain of those 
Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge, and certain other of those Dealers or their affiliates may 
hedge, their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers 
and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
(iii) 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Tranche of 
Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and 
judgements that such calculation agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions. 
14. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation 
may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 
60 calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
15. 
EU Benchmark Regulations  
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. In such a case, the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of such issuance of Floating Rate Notes will specify the relevant benchmark, the relevant 
administrator of such benchmark and whether such administrator appears on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority. It being 
specified that €STR and SONIA are outside the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and their administrators are not subject 
to the requirements of approval or registration of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
16. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI) Code 
The Issuer's LEI Code is 969500K59E47ULNCAQ69.

--- Page 108 ---
-100- 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
1. Persons responsible for the Base Prospectus 
Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens, LAC C22, 54, quai de la Rapée, 75599 Paris Cedex 12, 
France. 
2. Declaration by persons responsible for the Base Prospectus 
The Issuer declare that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens 
LAC C22 
54, quai de la Rapée 
75599 Paris 
duly represented by Maurice Jarlier, Responsable de l'Unité Trésorerie et Financements  
on 19 July 2023 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible in accordance with EU Prospectus Regulation. 
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the 
Notes described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity 
to invest in such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 19 July 2023 and is valid until 19 July 2024 and shall during 
this period, in accordance with Article 23 of EU Prospectus Regulation, be completed by a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy. The Base 
Prospectus has obtained the following approval no. 23-323.

--- Page 109 ---
-101- 
 
NAME AND REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens 
LAC C22 
54, quai de la Rapée 
75599 Paris Cedex 12 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12 Place des États-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
La Banque Postale 
115 Rue de Sèvres 
75275 Paris Cedex 06 
France 
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
ARRANGER FOR THE PROGRAMME 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 110 ---
-102- 
 
INITIAL FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT 
BNP Paribas  
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas  
Euroclear France number 29106 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
AUDITORS 
KPMG SA 
Tour Eqho 
2, Avenue Gambetta 
92066 Paris La Défense 
France 
Mazars 
61 Rue Henri Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
in respect of French law 
To the Dealers 
in respect of French law 
Asafo & Co. 
63 Avenue des Champs-Élysées 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1, rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France

--- Page 111 ---
-103-