--- Page 1 ---
-i- 
- 
Base Prospectus dated 28 July 2021 
 
RÉGIE AUTONOME DES TRANSPORTS PARISIENS 
Euro 7,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the 
"Base Prospectus"), Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens (the "Issuer" or "RATP"), subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium 
Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed 
Euro 7,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) and may be denominated in any currency. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as may be amended from time to time, the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") 
in France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation and pursuant to the 
French Code monétaire et financier and received the approval no. 21-348 on 28 July 2021. The AMF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application may be made (i) to Euronext Paris during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of 
the approval of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading and/or 
(ii) to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") for 
Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined 
below) in such Member State , provided that the Base Prospectus is completed by one or more supplements, 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information 
incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect investors' assessment of the Notes. 
After 28 July 2022, the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, will expire and the obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no 
longer apply.  
Euronext Paris is a regulated market (a "Regulated Market") for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("EU MiFID II"). Notes may also be issued pursuant to 
the Programme which are not listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. The relevant final terms 
in respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms"), a form of which is contained herein, will specify 
whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. 
and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued 
in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) 
inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central 
depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream") or in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 
1.3(iv) of the Terms and Conditions below), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which

--- Page 2 ---
-ii- 
- 
case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant 
Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they 
will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A 
temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global 
Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global 
Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, 
coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth calendar day after 
the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued 
in respect of Materialised Notes" below) upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more 
fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) 
intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be deposited on the issue date 
with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and (b) in the case of 
a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
The Issuer is rated Aa2 (outlook negative) by Moody's France S.A.S ("Moody's") and AA (outlook 
negative) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). The Programme is rated Aa2 by Moody's and AA by 
Fitch. Each of Moody's and Fitch is established in the European Economic Area and is registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). Each 
of Moody's and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with EU CRA Regulation and they appear 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. Neither Moody’s nor Fitch is 
established in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or are registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings of Moody's and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd. and Fitch Ratings Ltd, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and 
have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody's and Fitch may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Where Notes are rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms . Whether or not a rating in relation to any 
Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Economic 
Area or in the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus each of Moody's and Fitch 
appear on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the minimum 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
This Base Prospectus will be made available on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the 
Issuer (https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-ratp/newsroom/corporate/publications-legales). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk 
Factors" in this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest in the Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 3 ---
-iii- 
- 
Arranger for the Programme 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers  
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
BOFA SECURITIES 
CREDIT SUISSE 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK

--- Page 4 ---
-iv- 
- 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus including the documents incorporated by reference thereto (together with any 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each a "Supplement" and together the 
"Supplements")) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purpose of giving all necessary information with regard to the Issuer and the Notes 
which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is material to an investor for making 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of 
the Issuer and the rights attached to the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement thereto, all 
documents which are incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below) and 
with the applicable Final Terms. The Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or 
on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes and should not 
be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of 
the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other information incorporated by reference should purchase 
the Notes.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in the Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the 
Arranger or any Dealer (as defined in "General Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or its subsidiaries and affiliates, taken 
as a whole (the "Group" or the "RATP Group") or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer or the Group, in each case since the date hereof or the date upon which this document 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any offering materials and the offering or sale of 
the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession the Base 
Prospectus comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes 
have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and may include Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act or in the case of Materialised 
Notes in bearer form, the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended). For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, 
see "Subscription and Sale". 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger has separately verified or makes any representation, express or implied, 
or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this 
Base Prospectus. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in the Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of 
any of the Dealers or the Arranger.  
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment 
for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
-v- 
- 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the 
other matters referred to above.  
Neither the Issuer, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws 
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance 
by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it.  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the 
Notes are acquired, sold or transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements 
of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. 
Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or 
in the Final Terms (which does not constitute tax advice) but to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on 
their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only 
these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
In the Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "Euro", 
"EUR" or "€" are to the lawful currency of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency introduced in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (as amended), 
references to "Canadian Dollars" or "CAD" are to the lawful currency of Canada, references to 
"Australian dollars" or "AUD" are to the lawful currency of Australia, references to "New Zealand 
dollars" or "NZD" are to the lawful currency of New Zealand, references to "Sterling", "GBP" or "£" are 
to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "Hong Kong dollars" or "HKD" are to the 
lawful currency of Hong Kong, references to "Swiss francs" or "CHF" are to the lawful currency of 
Switzerland, references to "Japanese yen", "JPY" or "yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan and 
references to "U.S.$", "USD" or "dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended. "EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive", as amended or superseded), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MIFID II or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on 
immediately before exit day to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail

--- Page 6 ---
-vi- 
- 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "EU MIFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
determination of the target market of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in 
item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to EU 
MIFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MIFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the EU MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement 
entitled "Brexit: our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Important notice relating to Eligible Green Projects 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the “Reasons for the Offer” section 
of the Final Terms in respect of any Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
No assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green 
Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply.  
In addition, no assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which 
may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green 
Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are 
not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.

--- Page 7 ---
- 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 28 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................... 34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 35 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ..... 63 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 64 
REGIE AUTONOME DES TRANSPORTS PARISIENS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................ 65 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .................................................................................................................... 65 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF SECURITIES TO 
BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN EU REGULATED MARKET .................................................. 80 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 93 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 98 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................... 102

--- Page 8 ---
-1- 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. It constitutes a 
general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus 
within the meaning of Article 7 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof 
and it does not purport to be complete.  
Issuer 
Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities 
Europe SA, Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores 
S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs 
Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan 
AG and UBS Europe SE 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
Dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect 
of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus 
to "Permanent Dealers" are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons which are appointed 
as Dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and to "Dealers" are to 
all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a Dealer 
in respect of one or more Tranches. The identity of the 
Dealer(s) in respect of a specific Tranche will be disclosed in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Fiscal Agent and Principal 
Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services. 
Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services. 
Programme Limit 
Up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in U.S. dollars, Australian 
dollars, Canadian dollars, Euro, Hong Kong dollars, New 
Zealand dollars, Sterling, Swiss francs or yen or in other 
currencies if the Issuer and the relevant Dealers so agree as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity greater than one month. 
Denominations 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that (i) in case of 
any Notes which are to be listed or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market of a Member State of the EEA, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
Notes); and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by then current 
laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) having a maturity of less than one year and in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer

--- Page 9 ---
-2- 
 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes 
a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 will have a minimum denomination of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).  
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (other than in respect of the first payment of 
interest), the Notes of that Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the 
same or different issue dates, on a continuous basis with no 
minimum issue size. Further Notes may be issued as part of 
an existing Series. 
Form of Notes 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form 
("Dematerialised 
Notes") 
or 
in 
materialised 
form 
("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be 
issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such 
latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré). No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination and Title". 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. 
A temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in 
respect of each Tranche of Materialised Notes. Materialised 
Notes may only be issued outside France. See "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination and Title" 
below. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount. Partly-paid Notes may 
be issued, the Issue Price of which will be payable in two or 
more instalments. The Issue Price of the Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series as follows: 
(i) 
by reference to EURIBOR or LIBOR or by reference to 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as may be 
determined by the Independent Adviser if a Benchmark 
Event occurs, as adjusted for (i) any applicable 
adjustment spread (in the case of a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate only); or 
(ii) by reference to SONIA, calculated using either 
"Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA-Lag" 
or 
the 
"Observational Shift Method",

--- Page 10 ---
-3- 
 
and any applicable margin. Interest periods will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of 
interest basis is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Dual Currency Notes 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and 
whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency 
Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on such 
rates of exchange as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Interest Periods and Rates 
of Interest 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable rate of interest or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes 
may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, 
or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes 
to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. 
All such information will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. The minimum interest rate (that is the reference rate 
plus any applicable Margin) shall at all times not be less than 
zero. 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs (as defined in Condition 4.4(b)), 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate (as such terms are defined in 
Condition 4.4(b)), the related adjustment and/or amendments 
to the terms of the relevant Series of Notes are further 
described in Condition 4.4(b). 
Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
specify the basis for calculating the redemption amounts 
payable. Unless permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) 
having a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue 
and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 will have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Redemption by Instalments 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes 
which are redeemable in two or more instalments will set out 
the dates on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes 
may be redeemed. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed before their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption.

--- Page 11 ---
-4- 
 
Status of the Notes 
The 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer all as 
described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Status". 
Negative Pledge 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge". 
Cross Default 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of Default". 
Rating 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's 
and Fitch are credit rating agencies established in the 
European Economic Area, registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit rating agencies ("EU 
CRA Regulation") and included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk). Neither Moody’s nor Fitch is established in 
the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or are registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
The ratings of Moody's and Fitch have been endorsed by 
Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and 
have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each 
of Moody's and Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in 
the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Where 
a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to other Notes issued under 
the Programme. The relevant Final Terms will specify 
whether or not credit ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Economic Area or the UK 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Early Redemption 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity 
only for tax reasons. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of French withholding taxes, 
subject as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation). In the event 
that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7 
(Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
Governing Law 
French law. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
Each Series issued under the Programme may be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other stock 
exchange as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
or may be unlisted.

--- Page 12 ---
-5- 
 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution 
of 
offering 
material 
in 
various 
jurisdictions. 
See 
"Subscription and Sale".  
The Notes to be issued by the Issuer qualify under Category 
2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with US 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") unless the 
relevant Final Terms state that such Materialised Notes are 
issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), or (ii) such Materialised Notes 
are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C 
Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute "registration required obligations" under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA"), which circumstance will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to Dematerialised Notes. 
Clearing Systems  
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or any other clearing 
system (provided proper clearing and settlement procedures 
have previously been put in place) that may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer 
in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Central Depositary 
Use of Proceeds 
Euroclear France in relation to Dematerialised Notes. 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for 
the financing of the Issuer's investment programme or the 
buy-back of outstanding bonds of the Issuer. If there is 
another particular identified use of proceeds, such as that 
described below, this will be stated in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
The relevant Final Terms may provide that the net proceeds 
of an issue of Notes concerns one or more of the Eligible 
Green Projects (as defined in the section "Use of 
Proceeds").

--- Page 13 ---
-6- 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the risk factors set out 
below are limited to those that are specific to the Issuer and the Notes and material to an informed investor's 
decision to invest in the Notes. 
 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference 
represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme. Prospective 
investors should read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any 
documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Main risk factors 
The following table classifies the main risk factors to which RATP Group is exposed into six categories: 
(1) Strategy, (2) Governance, (3) Operations, (4) HR/Social, (5) Environment/Health and (6) Financial. 
In order to determine the importance of each of these risks, they were assessed in relation to their probability 
of occurrence and the extent of their negative impact, taking into account the effect of the risk management 
measures put in place. This approach of "net risk" is in compliance with the ESMA Guidelines on risk 
factors. Moreover for each category, the risks are listed in decreasing order of importance, according to a 
three-level criticality scale ("net risk"): high, medium and low. 
 
 
 
 
Strategy
medium
Governance
high
Operation
HR / Social
Environment /
Health
Financial
Business model robustness
Cybersecurity
Non-compliance
Personal data protection respect
Infrastructure availability
Road safety
Major project management
Railway safety
Professional risks
Pandemic
Climate impacts
Liquidity risk
Counterparty risk
medium
medium
medium
medium
medium
medium
medium
low
low
high
medium

--- Page 14 ---
-7- 
 
Covid-19’s impact on the RATP Group’s main risk factors  
RATP Group is affected, like other companies, by the current health crisis, both financially (loss of revenue, 
cash flow pressures) and operationally (significant strengthening of cleaning and disinfection operations, 
application of social distancing rules and barrier gestures within the company and on the network, massive 
recourse to teleworking). This context creates new expectations on the part of RATP Group's stakeholders 
and passengers, modifying the current configuration of RATP Group's uses and favoring the use of 
alternative modes to public transport. In addition to the protection of employees and passengers, the 
pandemic has led the Group to reinvent itself to convince its passengers not to shift to other modes of 
transport. 
An analysis of the impacts of the Covid-19 health crisis led to an adjustment in the company’s risk 
assessment, whether in terms of impact or of occurrence with the emergence of and/or increase in certain 
risks: 
− 
the risk related to the company’s business model is of course the subject of particular attention, the 
economic fundamentals of public transport having been permanently impacted by the health crisis. The 
company has initiated an internal review in connection with the work launched on the subject, notably 
through a scenario-building exercise and modelling of potential trajectories of mobility demand and 
public transport revenues in Île-de-France, taking into account the cyclical and structural impacts of 
the pandemic; 
− 
cleanliness is becoming a particularly significant dimension of the customer experience in the current 
healthcare context. As such, the company has made it a strategic priority with the establishment of a 
dedicated cross-functional programme under the guidance of the Executive Committee member in 
charge of customer experience. 
Relations between RATP and Ile-de-France Mobilités (IDFM) are defined in multi-year contracts. The last 
one covered the period 2016-2020. This contract sets on the one hand, RATP's production objectives in 
terms of volume and quality, and defines the terms and conditions for financing investments. 
Within this contractual framework, RATP receives operating contribution subsidies from IDFM which 
cover operating costs, net of revenues, and help stabilise traffic revenues in the event of a drop in traffic, as 
was the case in 2020 with the COVID 19’s crisis. IDFM also makes a significant contribution to financing 
RATP’s investments.  
The net impact of the health crisis on the EPIC's 2020 turnover was -€259m. The -€900 million shortfall in 
passenger revenue was absorbed to the tune of €751m, mainly through the contractual revenue risk-sharing 
mechanism with IDFM. The lockdowns also had a significant impact on secondary revenues (advertising, 
shops, Orlyval, fines, etc.), amounting to -€103m. Despite the savings plans implemented in all of the 
Group's entities to limit the impact of the health crisis as much as possible (over €300 million saved), the 
Group's results deteriorated in 2020. The operating profit (EBIT) stands at €99m, down €220 million 
compared to 2019 (-69%). The net income group share amounted to -€134m, a decrease of -€265 million 
compared to 2019. 
A new contract covering the period 2021-2024 was signed on 16 June 2021. In the new framework, traffic 
revenues are fully captured by Ile-de-France Mobilités, which covers operating costs by fixed operating 
contribution subsidies, with financial incentives on quality of service and revenues. Considering the 
increased uncertainty on short and medium term revenue forecasts, the risk-sharing mechanism on traffic 
revenue is more protective for RATP than the previous one. 
With EUR 2.94 billion of cash available as at 9 June 2021, RATP Group would be able to meet its financial 
commitments until the end of the year, even in the event of persistently low traffic.

--- Page 15 ---
-8- 
 
medium
The main risk onwards concerns the contractual relation with IDFM. IDFM’s financial position is 
negatively impacted by the decrease of its Versement Mobilités tax revenues and the traffic revenue losses, 
and has requested in June 2021 a EURO 1.3 billion financial support from the Government to compensate 
for these losses. IDFM may decide, as it has already done in July 2020, to stop temporarily monthly 
installment payments for RATP and SNCF, until a solution is found with the Government. 
Such a decision would temporarily deprive RATP of approximately EURO 380 million per delayed 
monthly installment payment in the 2nd half of 2021, which would have to be refinanced on the NeuCP 
market. 
 
Description of the main risk factors 
Strategy 
  Business model Robustness 
Description 
The ORTF law of 2009 provides for a gradual opening up to competition of the networks in the Paris region 
operated by RATP. The first deadline is for the Paris bus network, in 2025, then the tramway network, in 
2030, and finally the metro and RER networks, in 2040. This will therefore lead to major changes in the 
transport environment in Île-de-France and in the relations of RATP and the organising authority. The 
opening up to competition in 2025 will affect 18,000 RATP employees out of 44,000 with the possibility 
of a transfer to new operators, both at operational level and in the support functions, with potential financial 
or labour impacts. The takeover of the buses and bus depots by IDFM at their net book value in 2025 will 
generate a significant cash flow that will have a positive effect on the company's net debt. The P&L impact 
of the opening to competition of the operation of Paris bus networks is difficult to predict at this stage, as 
it will depend on the allotment of tenders, the degree of competition on the market, the market share finally 
captured by RATP Group and the ability to transfer relevant staff to future operators. 
In addition, the law on mobility provides for the entry into regulation of the activities of infrastructure 
management and security operator exercised as a monopoly by RATP: these activities are now regulated 
by an independent authority, the ART, which controls the accounting separation of these activities and their 
pricing principles and procedures. 
Besides, the Covid-19 pandemic has in the long run impacted the economic fundamentals of public 
transport, the demand for mobility and passengers’ expectations. 
In this context, RATP Group has to strengthen and adapt its business model by reducing and flexibilizing 
its production costs, and by diversifying its business portfolio through offering additional services to the 
historic public transport activity to secure its revenues. 
Risk management 
With regard to the preparation for the opening up to competition, in 2016, a dedicated programme was 
launched across the Group. The dedicated and multidisciplinary team, which includes more than 15 
specialists, aims to identify the major challenges arising from the future competitive bidding process and 
to steer the implementation of the internal transformation projects required to deal with them. 
This team regularly reports to the executive management (the Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer 
and the Executive Committee) to propose roadmaps for arbitration ahead of the 2024, 2029 and 2039 
deadlines. All of these projects and action plans, which concern all components of the company and the 
Group (overland network, rail network, infrastructure manager, security, support functions, subsidiaries), 
are included in the Défis 2025 transformation plan, the implementation of which is closely monitored and 
managed by the Executive Committee.

--- Page 16 ---
-9- 
 
high
In order to improve its competitiveness with a view to opening up the bus network to competition, RATP 
launched a plan in 2018 to optimise the support functions of RATP EPIC, the aim of which is to reduce 
their costs by at least 17% by 2024 and improve the quality of the service provided. Chief Transformation 
Officers (CTO) have been appointed in several departments and divisions of the company to steer the 
transformation and change-management actions. This is the case in particular within infrastructure 
management and security operations, where the CTOs are notably working on the implementation of their 
new business models, in conjunction with the ART and Île-de-France Mobilités. 
In addition, the company has initiated an internal review notably through a scenario-building exercise and 
modelling of potential trajectories of mobility demand and public transport revenues in Île-de-France, 
taking into account the cyclical and structural impacts of the pandemic.  
RATP Group pursued its transformation in 2020 with the creation of two new subsidiaries:  
− 
RATP Cap Ile-de-France which will gradually become the group’s vector for responding to calls for 
tenders for urban and suburban transport in Ile-de-France; 
− 
RATP Solutions Villes whose aim is to diversify beyond public transport the activities of RATP Group 
as a partner to smart cities, by offering urban services in the field of telecoms, energy, real estate, 
logistics and new mobilities. 
 
Governance 
 Risks linked to IS, telecommunication and cybercrime  
Description  
 
Cybersecurity is listed within the top ten concerns of EU leaders for 2020 and 2021 (according to the Risk 
in focus analysis) and among the top five concerns of companies from a global perspective. RATP Group, 
like most of the European companies, is exposed to cybercrime risk.  
Given RATP Group’s services, there are threats not only to its social and economic activity but also to its 
industrial operating systems, as well as to other players in the sector. In the context of increasing cyber 
attacks over the past year, the company is therefore particularly attentive to the emergence of attack vectors 
but also to potential information leaks. 
The identification of cyber risks is based on confidentiality, integrity and availability criteria where 
protection, defence and resilience mechanisms have been implemented.  
Risk assessment is carried out in particular as part of the approval strategy applicable to any new critical 
project, risk analysis being a preliminary step to ensure safety from the design stage and to set protective 
measures. 
Leakage and/or loss of data (confidential or personal), inquiries, claims and remediation costs, 
investigations by governmental privacy authorities, adverse impact on reputation or operating losses are 
potential impacts from cyberattacks. 
Risk management 
In November 2019, a mission statement from the Group’s Chairwoman reaffirmed the objectives to be 
achieved to control cyber risks and support the Group’s strategy. Various actions are taken to strengthen 
governance, raise employee awareness, plan ahead for threats and continuously improve the Group’s 
resilience.  
In addition, the cybersecurity governance principles were updated at the end of 2019. They define the roles 
and responsibilities of the functions involved in the operational management of cybersecurity.

--- Page 17 ---
-10- 
 
medium
Finally, since 2003, the company has had a security policy in place to increase the operational efficiency 
of ISS. This policy sets out the principles and rules relating to the confidentiality, integrity and continuity 
of IS. As part of this policy, an organisation facilitated by the Group-level ISS manager has been built 
through a structured functional network of contact persons in each RATP department and subsidiary, thus 
forming a functional security chain. 
Operational management is based on a detection and defence system: 
• the operational security centre is rolled out across the most exposed IS, in order to develop the Group’s 
real-time analysis and control capacity and also to guarantee the speed and consistency of Group's 
actions in the event of security incidents (hacking, massive virus attack, etc.); 
• the RATP security system is adjusted on an ongoing basis; this process is reflected in numerous 
technical projects: 
− 
segmentation and fragmentation of flows depending on the criticality and degree of confidentiality 
of the data exchanged as part of the renewal of the core of the transmission network, 
− 
deployment of a data protection system (hard drive encryption) for workstations that store sensitive 
data, 
− 
introduction of centralised access management systems and privilege accounts in data centres and 
industrial systems, 
− 
managing obsolescence and system updates as part of a formalised industrial policy. 
 
 Non-compliance risks 
Description  
The integrity and development of RATP Group’s activities are based on a zero-tolerance policy towards 
malpractice and a total rejection of corruption and influence peddling in all of its forms, the fight against 
conflicts of interest and fraud, and compliance with competition rules.  
The main compliance risks addressed include situations where RATP Group is in the position of principal 
(buyer) or bidder in calls for tenders. These risks underlie all aspects of RATP Group's operations and can 
materialise in everyday business life in the form of gifts, invitations, sponsorships, patronage, lobbying and 
facilitation payments. 
Irrespective of the fact that a breach of compliance rules would be contrary to the Group’s values, the 
occurrence of this risk would have a significant impact on its image and would harm its development in 
current and future markets. This impact may involve financial penalties of up to 10% of consolidated 
revenue for competition rules1, EUR 5 million for corruption in France, or even several hundred million 
Euros in the event of international corruption2. 
Risk management 
To prevent and manage the risks identified in terms of compliance and, as such, align the Group with the 
best global standards, the compliance division continues to roll out the anti-corruption prevention 
programme, in accordance with the obligations of the Sapin II law, in the EPIC’s departments and those of 
the first and second level subsidiaries. It also coordinates the roll-out of anti-competitive practices, 
prevention and duty of care programmes. 
Established at corporate level, the systems take the form of the formalisation and dissemination of internal 
regulations that constitute the control environment: 
 
1 Art L 464-2 of the French Commercial code  
2 Art 131-38 and 433-25 of the French Criminal code

--- Page 18 ---
-11- 
 
medium
− the code of business conduct and the prevention of corruption, as well as the internal procedures 
implementing this code; 
− updating the internal regulations of EPIC departments and subsidiaries to ensure disciplinary 
consequences for breaches; 
− the appointment of a compliance correspondent in all departments and subsidiaries; 
− a face-to-face training system for exposed staff; 
− the procedure for identifying and managing employees exposed to the risk of corruption; 
− the strengthening of accounting control procedures for at-risk accounts and at-risk transactions; 
− the whistle-blowing procedure. 
Corruption risk maps have been completed and will be updated regularly. The corresponding action plans 
are monitored for all EPIC departments, as well as the Group’s subsidiaries and the Group Foundation. 
In 2021, the Group will continue to roll out: 
− its third-party assessment system in order to simultaneously cover the fight against corruption and the 
duty of vigilance; 
− its internal controls; 
− its action plan in the area of anti-competitive practices. 
 
 Risk linked to the respect of personal data protection  
Description  
The issue of personal data protection is addressed under the European general data protection regulation 
2016/679 (GDPR), which entered directly into force in European Union member States on 25 May 2018. 
The risk identified for RATP Group is the wilful or negligent violation of the GDPR in connection with the 
management of customer and employee data, giving rise to criminal and/or financial penalties. The risk of 
damage to the Group’s corporate image is just as important, with the opening up to competition.  
GDPR compliance is currently being rolled out across the organisation. In this transition phase, the Group 
is exposed to the risk of maintaining isolated non-compliant practices. In accordance with the GDPR, the 
maximum penalty is 4% of the Group’s revenue3, which represents more than €200 million. 
Following the denunciation in the press in mid 2020 by local unions of the use by operational units of non 
compliant staff personal databases, the National Commission for Information Technology and Civil 
Liberties conducted an investigation within the company. As of today, the procedure is still ongoing with 
a decision which should be announced in the coming months. This episode highlighted the need to 
strengthen awareness and control measures within the operational units. Thanks to the governance already 
in place within the company, RATP Group has rapidly deployed appropriate action plans. 
Risk management 
Following a consultant’s advice, the company’s structure was adapted and the Executive Committee drew 
up a specific compliance plan. These governance changes are implemented at Group level. 
The identification of the data processing operations concerned is almost complete, with a quantitative 
average of similar groups.  
To replace the CIL function created in 2008, a Data Protection Officer (DPO) was appointed to the 
executive management in June 2018 jointly for the RATP EPIC and its subsidiaries RATP Connect, RATP 
Habitat, RATP Travel Retail, RATP Real Estate and RATP Connect. Given their particularities (numerous 
 
3 Art 83 of the GDPR

--- Page 19 ---
-12- 
 
medium
smaller subsidiaries and/or specific areas of activity), an RATP Dev DPO and an RATP Smart Systems 
DPO have also been specially appointed.  
Additionally, a DPO network has been set up, comprising not only the DPOs of the subsidiaries but also 
local agents in the EPIC departments. 
Over the years 2019-2020, and following the data processing survey, the focus was on: 
− upgrading IT project management throughout the company;  
− impact studies on privacy (with more than a hundred studies undertaken); 
− the roll-out of an awareness-raising e-learning programme for all Group management; 
− the adoption and implementation of operational procedures, currently being rolled out in the 
departments of the EPIC and its subsidiaries, with a general guide for all: management of requests to 
exercise rights, management of violations, management of consent, etc. 
In addition, campaigns are carried out within the operational units to identify any old storage of personal 
data with a view to their disposal. At the same time, an assessment of the level of maturity of each process 
with regard to the GDPR is under way. 
In 2021, notably through the implementation of a Group GDPR compliance management tool, the numerous 
processes of the register will be streamlined, in order to secure the flow of personal data and monitor and 
manage impact studies and assess the compliance of its suppliers. This tool will also make it possible to 
document the compliance of processes and to monitor compliance actions. 
 
Operation 
 Infrastructure availability risk 
Description  
The availability of metro and RER rail network infrastructure (tunnels, bridges, railways, track equipment, 
signalling, overhead lines, electrical energy distribution, etc.) is essential for RATP Group to fulfil its daily 
passenger transport mission. This availability may be threatened on occasion or on a recurring basis by 
risks arising from: 
− internal sources: lack of maintenance, works on the network, inconsistency in transport systems or 
damage to infrastructure by rolling stock, for example; 
− external sources: climatic events, such as the risk of flooding and the risk of heat waves that could have 
an impact on the safety and availability of infrastructures (see climate impact risk) or degradation of 
infrastructure as part of work carried out by external third parties, outside of the RATP network. 
The new multi-year contract with IDFM introduces a more demanding bonus-malus mechanism with a 
neutral balance point: no structural bonus or malus. RATP has accepted an increase in the overall budget 
for this financial incentive mechanism to a maximum envelope of €100 million, compared with €25 million 
in the previous contract, as well as better consideration of customer perception (€25 million of the bonus 
linked to the customer feedback survey, compared with €2.5 million in the previous contract). 
Risk management 
To manage the infrastructure of which it is currently in charge, the RATP Infrastructures department was 
created on 1 January 2020. This makes it possible to centralise responsibility for the development, 
maintenance and renewal of infrastructure, and guarantees over time the maintenance of conditions of 
safety, interoperability and continuity of the public service, thus ensuring the availability of the 
infrastructure at the heart of the challenges.  
The establishment of this department has also led to the development of a process map common to 
operational asset management and project and engineering management activities. All processes are subject

--- Page 20 ---
-13- 
 
medium
to ad hoc governance, guaranteeing managers a level of responsibility commensurate to challenges and 
necessary to control the risks associated with the process.  
In addition, risk management is subject to a dedicated process aimed at ensuring a consistent methodology 
and monitoring of risk management. 
The robustness of this approach is attested to by the certification of RATP Infrastructures, since September 
2020, on the ISO 9001, ISO 14001, and ISO 45001 scopes. 
In addition, risk management systems are regularly analysed through the monitoring of indicators and the 
quality of service management system. This system is based on: 
− a body for monitoring incidents affecting availability; 
− a monthly review of action plans for handling major incidents; 
− a quarterly assessment of the effectiveness of action plans and of decision-making/arbitration/ 
capitalisation of action plans. 
All of these systems (definition of roles and responsibilities, bodies, documentation, etc.) allow for regular 
monitoring of risks, as well as the implementation of the barriers necessary for their control in order to 
guarantee the availability of infrastructures. 
 
 Road safety risk 
Description 
Road safety is an important marker for RATP Group, which operates networks in the Île-de-France region, 
the rest of France and abroad. In Île-de-France, for example, issues related to road safety are essential given 
the large number of drivers (16,000) and the fleet of more than 4,700 buses that criss-cross the dense urban 
network every day. 
This passenger transport activity carries various risk factors regarding: 
− compliance with regulatory requirements, as regards regulations relating to the transporting of 
passengers, in particular working conditions, the highway code and vehicle roadworthiness testing 
guidelines; 
− traffic conditions, particularly in dense areas; 
− steering and management of road safety 
Risk management 
In Île-de-France, as well as for  the networks operated in France and internationally, a monitoring system 
has been rolled out which contributes to the improvement observed since 2017 in the trend of bus network 
accidents  (4.69 accidents per 100,000 kilometres in 2020 versus 7.01 in 2017).  
It is based on various components: 
− strengthening of operational management and its appropriation of the processes and results relating to 
road accidents; 
− internal control guidelines focused on the processes of enforcing regulations, monitoring drivers and 
dealing with accidents; 
− conducting human factor analyses based on prevention; 
− dissemination and promotion of best practices; 
− analysis of accident-prone areas; 
− control of costs related to road accidents; 
− search for improvement through innovation.

--- Page 21 ---
-14- 
 
medium
To strengthen the control of road risk, the approach adopted is to expand the implementation of a dedicated 
management system that should make it possible to improve all results related to road safety. This system 
led to AFNOR awarding RATP the ISO 39001 certification for the RDS – the Overland Network 
department (including activities related to operation and maintenance of Bus and Tramway networks). As 
part of this continuous improvement approach, RDS has planned the implementation of a dashboard to 
monitor the precursors of danger, human or material, in particular to monitor items related to employees’ 
driving licences and their professional authorisations. 
 
 Major project management risk 
Description 
RATP Group conducts a wide variety of projects: infrastructure and buildings, industrial equipment and 
systems, rolling stock, information systems, product developments, etc. 
Given the amount of investments made each year (EURO 1889 million in 2020), the success of these 
projects represents a strategic challenge for the company. Any non-compliance of the project, whether in 
terms of a functional shortcoming, late delivery, budget overruns or increased operating and maintenance 
costs, therefore places the investment in jeopardy and damages the company’s image. 
The management of major projects, which is a key activity for RATP Group, carries various risk factors, 
the exposure of which was exacerbated by the Covid-19 health crisis: 
− identification and expression of needs; 
− control of internal and external interfaces throughout the project; 
− assessing the level of complexity of the project and the adequacy of resources. 
For example, the recent extension of line 14 in the north to Mairie de Saint-Ouen and the project to extend 
the line in the south to Orly airport illustrate the most emblematic current projects. They raise high 
expectations on the part of Île-de-France Mobilités and the other stakeholders (Government, Ile-de-France 
Region, counties, Ville de Paris), given the major importance of these new infrastructure projects. The 
extension to the north will lighten the load of line 13, which is one of the busiest lines of the Paris network. 
By extending it to the south with a view to the Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2024, the future line 14 
will be the backbone of the new Greater Paris Express network. Despite the impact of the Covid-19 crisis 
on the works, RATP maintained its objective of commissioning the northern extension of line 14 in 2020: 
the line was successfully inaugurated on 14 December 2020. 
The management of the risks of these projects, in view of their challenges, their size and their complexity, 
is an illustration of RATP Group’s high standards in project management. 
In the new multiyear contract with IDFM, a symmetrical incentive clause to control the infrastructure 
manager's investments costs has been introduced, applicable to a list of 28 large projects: 
• 
in the event of a variation of +/-8% around the target cost, application of a penalty or bonus 
representing 10% of the cost overrun above 8% / - 10% of the cost savings below -8%; 
• 
neutralization of external causes, beyond RATP responsibility. 
Risk management 
RATP Group conducts its investment projects in full compliance with the provisions of the ISO 10006 
“Guidelines for quality management in projects” while adapting the procedures to take into account its own 
specificities. 
All investment projects follow the same method, known as the “RATP project management method”, which 
applies to all stakeholders. This allows the use of the same vocabulary, the same documents and the same

--- Page 22 ---
-15- 
 
low
procedures. However, these rules are adapted and supplemented when the work produced – or some of its 
components – belongs to certain well-defined categories. 
The regulatory standards available to project managers are well established and abundant. Training has 
been provided for several years as part of a consistent training cycle. 
Recently, the governance of projects was clarified with the mobilisation of stakeholders at the right level 
depending on the challenges presented by the projects (thresholds and portfolio logic). 
Milestones are monitored by the Executive Committee and the Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer 
on a quarterly basis, with a particular focus on major projects. 
Moreover, since 2016, an internal control framework has been structured for project processes. 
 
 Railway safety risk 
Description 
Given its activities, this risk, which could lead to collective or individual accidents such as a train collision, 
derailment, fire, a passenger being dragged along by a train or a passenger falling on the tracks, has been 
identified as a major risk for RATP Group. This risk is handled within the company, by each department, 
for the specific parts that concern it.  
In a cross-functional manner, various risk factors are subject to permanent vigilance by the DGSF with 
supervision of their control: 
− the ageing of infrastructure and equipment, which may result from late renewals or miscalibration of 
investment priorities; 
− the lack of control of critical safety interfaces (between rolling stock and infrastructure: rail-wheel, 
traction current collection, gauges); 
− the lack of safety in the development or renovation of lines, in particular the integration of new interface 
equipment into existing lines; 
− the lack of oversight or management of railway safety. 
Rail safety is therefore a subject of great importance and a daily concern for RATP Group given the 
potentially significant financial and human impacts caused by an accident. The net exposure to this risk is 
considered low given all the internal barriers in place that mitigate the risk. 
Having remained stable overall in recent years, the accident indicator for combined metro, RER and tram 
lines recorded an overall 30% decrease in 2020, primarily marked by a reduction in the number of passenger 
incidents. The reported result of 7.45 accidents per million commercial kilometres can be attributed to the 
pandemic, which significantly affected the traffic and distance output of all three networks, with a notable 
drop in the number of accidents. 
Risk management 
In terms of rail safety, the monitoring system is based on five main pillars: 
− the expertise of the company risk management (maîtrise des risques entreprise) unit which, in addition 
to the missions described below, is responsible for carrying out studies, appraisals, risk analyses and 
feedback in the rail sector; but also for analysing the daily monitoring of the operating conditions of 
guided transport networks and for raising awareness of system risk management and human and 
organisational factors; 
− the Interdepartmental Rail Safety Steering Committee, chaired by the delegate general for rail safety. 
The purpose of this committee is to deal with issues relating to all areas of rail safety for each metro, 
RER and tramway system. At each committee meeting, accidents, significant incidents or near misses

--- Page 23 ---
-16- 
 
medium
are analysed to identify the detailed causes and define the action plans to be implemented to deal with 
them and prevent their recurrence. Lastly, this committee provides a second look at the work carried 
out by the departments and their impact on the achievement of objectives; 
− monitoring the level of safety indicators defined by the STRMTG4 and the warning signs for hazards 
developed on the basis of the analysis of potential accident chains, including transient and degraded 
situations. The analysis results of their changes are available to the departments concerned, to enable 
them to define and implement the corrective and preventive measures corresponding to the changes 
observed; 
− periodic interdepartmental commissions to deal with interface issues related to changes or malfunctions 
relating to functional and technical standards, configuration, operation and maintenance, for each 
critical security interface; 
− railway safety audits and appraisals. The following works may notably be cited: 
• 
an independent external appraisal conducted by the École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne 
(EPFL) and the consulting firm IMDM to assess RATP’s rail safety risk management policy in 
the light of major events that have occurred in recent years. This appraisal concluded that the 
technical expertise is equal to the challenges of rail safety, 
• 
assessment of the IM’s asset maintenance programmes by the EPFL with a view to defining the 
right level of investment and projecting investment needs over the next ten years. 
In addition, the DGSF coordinates the preparation of annual railway safety reports that periodically assess 
the level of safety of railway systems using the contributions provided by each operating, maintenance and 
engineering department. Besides, every year at least one Executive Committee meeting is dedicated to rail 
safety. 
 
HR / Social 
 Occupational risks 
Description 
An issue of performance and trust between RATP Group, its employees, and its social and external partners, 
the prevention of occupational risks and the health of employees are at the heart of the 
Group’s daily concerns and actions. Given the company’s activities and the Group’s major changes, the 
most significant risk factors are: 
− assault on employees by a third party, due to a significant amount of customer contact and service to all 
areas of the country, including so-called “sensitive” areas; 
− site safety during infrastructure and space modernisation work, as part of a significant increase in 
construction sites with the renewal and extension of the public transport facilities network in Île-de-
France; 
− employee support regarding change in the course of business line evolution and the Group’s 
transformation. 
The main impact feared by the Group is physical injury to an employee or subcontractor, with more than a 
third of workplace accidents being linked to the risk of assault. 
RATP’s occupational accident frequency rate (number of occupational accidents with time off work x 
1,000,000 / number of hours worked) has fallen steadily and sharply by 36% in five years, from 40.90 in 
2015 to 26.03 in 2020. The severity rate (number of days lost due to occupational accidents x 1,000 /number 
of hours worked), after a positive started in 2019, was impacted by the pandemic with a delay in people 
returning to work (3.27 in 2020 versus 2.84 in 2019 and 2.88 in 2018).  
 
 
4 Service Technique des Remontées Mécaniques et des Transports Guidés

--- Page 24 ---
-17- 
 
high
Risk management 
RATP Group has adopted a health and safety at work policy that is part of the Group’s human resources 
policy and aims to contribute to the sustainable improvement of a stimulating and safe working environment 
for all its employees. Ambitious targets and an action programme were set in 2016 (see NFPD). A multi-
year roadmap dedicated to the prevention and reduction of the risk of aggression is being rolled out with 
the operational departments most affected. 
The management of the occupational health and safety approach, and therefore the control of occupational 
risks, is based on: 
− an organisational structure that involves each level of responsibility within the company, with cross-
functional coordination and deployment of prevention standards by the Occupational Health and Safety 
unit, which reports to the Group Human Resources department, supplemented by local coordination 
within the operating departments by the occupational risk prevention missions with regard to their 
performance results; 
− multidisciplinary work with prevention professionals (occupational medicine, ergonomists, prevention 
specialists, social services, occupational psychologists, etc.) in support of the management line, which 
works daily to improve the working conditions of employees. 
The reinforcement of a culture of safety (adapted job training, periodic reminders of safety rules, sharing 
of feedback, changes in job organisation, etc.) and the implementation of appropriate monitoring resources 
(internal control, managerial visits, site inspections, internal audits, etc.) form the basis of the actions. 
In particular, internal control is deployed as soon as necessary to ensure the proper implementation of 
occupational risk prevention provisions and improve these provisions where necessary. Four systems are 
currently being strengthened: managerial support for employees following a workplace accident, analysis 
of co-activity risks in the context of external contractors, the proper conduct of construction sites via site 
inspections, as well as the implementation of measures to prevent and protect against Covid-19. 
 
Environment / Health 
 Pandemic risk 
Description 
As a public transport company contributing to the daily travel of people and therefore to the smooth running 
of the economy of the cities and regions in which it operates, RATP Group must strengthen its organisation, 
even in a health crisis, to ensure continuity of service while guaranteeing the required level of protection of 
its employees and passengers. 
In the context of the health crisis in the country, the risk of a “pandemic” has been identified among the 
risk factors to which the company is particularly exposed. This exposure is mainly reflected in major 
financial challenges, related in particular to revenue losses, which put pressure on cash, but also in 
operational terms, related in particular to the application of government directives to limit the impacts of 
the pandemic (protection of employees and customers through the reinforced cleaning and disinfection of 
rolling stock and spaces, the provision of masks and hydro-alcoholic gel, and measures aimed at 
maintaining physical distancing and compliance with barrier gestures). 
Due to the nature of its activities, the company had to deal with two different situations:  
− for the operational activities, ensuring the safety and health protection of the employees in the workplace; 
− for the administrative / support activities, make a massive shift to teleworking. 
Risk management

--- Page 25 ---
-18- 
 
medium
In line with the business continuity plan implemented in 2012, RATP Group is keen to strengthen its action 
strategy to ensure its ability to perform its essential missions in times of health crisis.  
Several areas of control have been deployed: 
− a governance axis, with the launch of interconnected crisis management and monitoring units at several 
levels of the company (Strategic Crisis unit and Operational Health Monitoring unit). These units 
monitor health, regulations and technology on a daily basis, consolidate alert incidents and points, 
analyse key indicators, and adjust the strategy to meet national public service requirements; 
− an operational control axis, with the periodic reassessment of business risks in light of the new working 
conditions induced by the health crisis. Internal control systems are designed and rolled out to support 
the analysis of occupational risks and verify the proper implementation of health protection and risk 
prevention measures, both by employees and service providers; 
− a promotion axis, through the roll-out of training, awareness-raising and communication systems for 
employees, management and service providers in order to acquire and apply the required protection and 
prevention reflexes; 
− an evaluation axis, through internal and external audits and feedback to identify and address areas for 
improvement. 
In view of the initial feedback on its management of the Covid-19 health crisis, RATP Group will continue 
in 2021 to update and communicate its pandemic continuity plan, to train the main players in crisis 
management and to organise exercises to prepare for the management of a pandemic crisis. 
 
 Climate impacts risks 
Description 
Given its activity, RATP Group is significantly exposed to natural disasters (major floods, floods, storms, 
drought), the impacts of climate change (increased periods of torrential rains and heat waves) and extreme 
natural hazards outside the Île-de-France region (typhoons, earthquakes, etc.). The consequences of these 
events can go as far as a railway accident, the destruction or prolonged unavailability of infrastructure, or 
the loss of a strategic command post. 
In Île-de-France, the derailment on Tuesday 12 June 2018 on line B of the RER, following a landslide after 
exceptionally intense rains, highlighted the fact that the impacts of climate change are already being felt in 
France and may significantly affect the availability of rail transport infrastructure. Traffic was interrupted 
for several weeks between Courcelle-sur-Yvette and Saint-Rémy-les-Chevreuse requiring numerous 
operations to get this part of the line back into service. In order to minimize the impact of this accident on 
traffic, RATP has set up replacement buses. Aware of the inconvenience caused to its travelers, RATP also 
reimbursed up to 50% of the season tickets of passengers using this part of the line. 
In the most extreme case of a hundred-year flooding of the Seine (a major natural risk in Île-de-France), 
this would directly and indirectly impact nearly 5 million citizens and numerous businesses in Île-de-France, 
with major economic, human and social impacts. 
Risk management 
As a first step, the control of risks related to climate change is based on: 
− systems for monitoring meteorological events and the condition of infrastructure; 
− preventive, improvement and asset maintenance programmes; 
− design rules ensuring the resilience of infrastructure and systems to changing climatic conditions. 
In addition, to deal with climatic hazards (exceptional or not) and fulfil its public service mission, RATP 
has:

--- Page 26 ---
-19- 
 
− an agreement with Météo France to anticipate weather events; 
− a flood risk prevention plan combined with a business continuity plan in the event of a Seine or Marne 
major flood; 
− winter measures to deal with possible snowfall in Île-de-France and to prevent accidents to people on 
and around sites under the responsibility of RATP (site instructions); 
− measures during heat waves to improve passenger comfort but also to reinforce monitoring of the 
railway and certain sensitive infrastructure.

--- Page 27 ---
-20- 
 
low
More specifically, with regard to the risk of flooding: 
− a Flood Risk Prevention Plan unit exists within RATP Infrastructures to coordinate the flood protection 
plan. The feedback on recent major floods confirmed the appropriateness of the organisation put in 
place and the continued optimisation of the planned protection measures; 
− continuous monitoring of the level of the Seine and the Marne is carried out via the Vigicrues tool and 
enables appropriate measures to be triggered in order to manage the risk; 
− internal training programmes of the flood risk prevention plan and annual exercises are organised 
regularly; 
− exchanges coordinated by the police prefecture and network operators, in France and internationally, 
are organised on a regular basis, making it possible to identify innovations that could potentially be 
rolled out on RATP Group's networks. 
In addition, RATP Group launched a climate change prevention plan in 2019 to strengthen the resilience 
of its transport networks. 
 
Financial 
 Liquidity risk 
Description 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer might not have access to sufficient funds in order to finance its day-
to-day business activities, the investments necessary for its expansion or any exceptional events that may 
arise. Financial markets can be subject to periods of volatility and lack of liquidity. Any downgrading of 
RATP’s debt rating could increase the cost of refinancing of its existing bonds and have a negative impact 
on RATP’s ability to obtain financing. If the issuer is unable to access the capital markets or other sources 
of financing at competitive rates for an extended period, its financing cost may increase and its strategy 
may have to be reassessed. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the issuer’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Risk management 
Liquidity risk is addressed by maintaining a sufficient degree of diversification of funding sources. The 
Issuer diversifies its funding sources by accessing various debt markets. Liquidity risk is constantly hedged 
through the proactive management of liquidity requirements, and access to diversified sources of funding 
both long-term (EUR 7 billion EMTN programme) and short-term (EUR 3 billion NEU CP programme).  
 
  Counterparty risk 
Description 
The Issuer is exposed to counterparty risk in the daily management of its cash flows and the management 
of its mid and long-term debt. The counterparty risk with credit institutions arises in connection with its 
cash investments and the subscription of derivatives from its financial partners to the extent that the debtor 
refuses to honour all or part of its commitment or does not have the financial means to meet these 
obligations. The default of a counterparty could potentially result in losses of several millions of Euros. 
Risk management 
The Issuer manages this risk by entering into investment instruments and derivatives only with financial 
institutions having credit ratings and limits set by the financial management rules of the Issuer. The 
counterparty risk is limited by the implementation of collateralization contracts with the financial 
counterparties whose rating is lower that the threshold defined by its financial management rules. In the

--- Page 28 ---
-21- 
 
event of high volatility in the markets, the Issuer may have to mobilise cash. As of 31 December 2020, the 
overall collateral posted to financial markets counterparties stands below EURO 100 million. 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
In assessing the materiality of each risk below, the Issuer has considered the probability of its occurrence 
and the magnitude of its impact. The risk factors have been presented in a limited number of categories 
depending on their nature. The risks which the Issuer considers to be the most material are set out first in 
each category (and in no particular order of importance between categories).  
1. 
Risks Relating to all Series of Notes 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, benefitting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees, the Noteholders 
can only rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. The Issuer is rated Aa2 
(outlook negative) by Moody’s and AA (outlook negative) by Fitch and the value of the Notes will depend 
on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the level of such credit rating (as may be impacted by the risks 
relating to the Issuer described above). If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential 
impact on the Noteholders could be very significant because (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or 
part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease, in particular 
if the credit rating deteriorates, and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated 
Market as may be agreed with the Issuer. An active trading market for the Notes may not develop and if 
one does develop, it may not be maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or 
is not maintained, there may be a material adverse effect on the market or trading price and liquidity of the 
Notes. 
This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The degree 
of liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price at which an investor can dispose of the Notes 
where the investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. In such circumstances, the impact 
of this risk on the Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely have to be resold at a discount to 
the nominal value of the Notes. Furthermore, if additional and competing products are introduced in the 
markets, this may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, waivers and substitution 
Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders) contains provisions for consulting Noteholders on matters affecting 
their interests generally. Subject to the provisions of the Final Terms, the Noteholders will, in respect of all 
Tranches in any Series, be automatically grouped for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as 
defined in Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders). Noteholders can adopt measures either through a 
general meeting (the "General Meetings") or by consent following a written consultation (the "Written 
Resolutions").  
The Terms and Conditions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority or Noteholders who did not consent to a Written Resolution.  
While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Terms and Conditions will need to be amended by 
way of a General Meeting or Written Resolution during the life of the Notes, if such a General Meeting 
were to take place or such a Written Resolution were to be taken, it is possible that a majority of Noteholders 
could adopt a decision that would modify the Terms and Conditions in a way that could impair or limit the 
rights of the Noteholders, for example by waiving certain rights temporarily or permanently or by amending 
the financial conditions of the Notes and reducing their yield for Noteholders. These amendments could in 
turn have the effect of having a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
-22- 
 
Change of Law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on French law and EU rules in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. Possible judicial decisions or changes in French law, EU rules or their official application 
or interpretation after the date of this Base Prospectus could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including 
those of the Noteholders. If any change in law was unfavourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders, it could 
have an adverse or a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes (depending on the nature of 
the change) and could have potentially negative repercussions on the Noteholders' investment in the Notes. 
The risk of changes in law is higher for Notes with longer maturities. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency"). The 
Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of 
factors, including financial, economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) 
the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate., as well as the availability of the Specified 
Currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such 
Note. 
If this risk were to materialise, the Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent 
principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be negatively 
impacted. As a result, investors might receive less interest or principal than expected, or, at worst, no 
interest or principal. 
2. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may 
carry varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter 
alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. 
Depending on the specific features of the Notes, investors may lose the value of their entire investment or 
part of it, as the case may be. A description of the most common risks associated with such structures and 
features is set out below: 
(1) Interest Rate Risks 
Fixed Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest 
("Fixed Rate Notes") to Noteholders (see Condition 4.3 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). Investment in Fixed 
Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or within 
a given period of time, the market interest rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on a daily 
basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Fixed Rate Note varies in the opposite direction. 
If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Fixed Rate Note typically decreases, until the yield of 
such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, 
the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals 
approximately the Market Interest Rate. Movements of the Market Interest Rate are hard to anticipate and 
can have a material adverse effect on the price of the Notes and could cause Noteholders to lose part of the 
capital invested if they decide to sell Notes during a period in which the market interest rate exceeds the 
fixed rate of the Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
-23- 
 
Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a floating rate of interest 
("Floating Rate Notes") to Noteholders (see Condition 4.4 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)). Investment 
in Floating Rate Notes comprises (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case 
may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes 
but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., 
every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market 
conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly 
short term changes, to Market Interest Rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected 
in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. This 
stated volatility may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of such Notes at the time they purchase them, 
such that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of their investments having longer fixed 
interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as completed by the relevant Final Terms) 
provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest 
rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower 
interest rates then prevailing. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Notes with a fixed rate of interest that is later converted 
to a floating rate of interest and vice versa (see Condition 4.5 (Interest on Fixed to Floating Rate Notes)). 
Fixed to floating rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the fixed to floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. It is difficult to 
anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of the Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue zero coupon Notes ("Zero Coupon Notes") 
to Noteholders (see Condition 4.6 (Interest on Zero Coupon Notes)). Changes in market interest rates have 
a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary notes 
because the discounted issues prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero 
Coupon Notes can suffer higher prices losses than other notes having the same maturity and credit rating. 
Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high 
price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to 
higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate or Floating Rate 
Notes. Any future market volatility in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on the market value 
of the Zero Coupon Notes. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks" 
In accordance with Condition 4.4, the Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes may specify that the 
Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate 
("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks". Such "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could 
have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, market value of and return on any Notes linked to such a 
"benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") which has been in force since 1 January 
2018 and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue

--- Page 31 ---
-24- 
 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") apply to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU 
and the UK, respectively. It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU or UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based or non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing 
provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation have been further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the 
EU on 12 February 2021 (the "Amending Regulation").  
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for (i) benchmarks designated as critical that may affect the stability of European Union 
financial markets, and other relevant benchmarks, if their cessation or wind-down would significantly 
disrupt the functioning of financial markets in the European Union, (ii) third-country benchmarks if their 
cessation or wind-down would significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets in the European 
Union or pose a systemic risk to the financial system in the European Union, and (iii) benchmarks 
designated as critical in a Member State by a national laws, such replacement being restricted to contracts 
and financial instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the benchmark 
concerned. If pursuant to a fallback provision included in the Condition 4.4(b) a benchmark is replaced by 
a benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the 
economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such 
benchmark may be designated. Such statutory replacement of a benchmark could have a negative impact 
on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark.  
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end 
of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. The Amending Regulation applies since 13 February 2021.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals 
for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced on 27 July 
2017 that it would no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR 
benchmark after 2021 and confirmed on 5 March 2021 that most LIBOR benchmark tenors would cease or 
cease to be representative benchmarks from 31 December 2021 or (in the case of certain tenors of USD 
LIBOR only) from 30 June 2023.  
 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked 
to such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such 
Notes (it being specified that if "Benchmark Replacement" applies, a specific fall-back shall apply - please 
refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"" below).

--- Page 32 ---
-25- 
 
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under Condition 4.4(b), this may result 
in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect 
on the market value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the market value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
In case of Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", Condition 4.4(b) 
provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-
bank offered rate (such as LIBOR or EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate, and/or any page on which 
such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or 
any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate 
or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 4.4(b), with or without the application of an adjustment 
spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or 
eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may 
include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the 
successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent 
of the Noteholders. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of interest for such Interest 
Period be based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period. This ultimate 
fallback may result in the effective application of fixed rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Subject to the right for the Issuer to re-apply, at any time, the provisions regarding the determination of a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the effective conversion into fixed rate notes may affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes as the fixed rate may be lower than the rates usually applicable 
to such Notes. In the event of the application of a fixed rate of interest, the Noteholders would not be able 
to benefit from any potentially favourable prevailing market conditions.  
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and 
the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended 
at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the market value of and return on any such 
Notes.  
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes linked to or referencing a 
“benchmark” or could have a material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. The Independent Adviser will have 
discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances 
described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and there can be no assurance 
that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each 
Noteholder.  
Risks relating to Notes which are linked to SONIA 
Pursuant to Condition 4.4(c), the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes may specify 
that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA. The market continues 
to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative 
to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The market or a significant part 
thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and 
Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a SONIA rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus. The continued development of SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets,

--- Page 33 ---
-26- 
 
as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise negatively 
affect the market price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a SONIA rate is only capable of 
being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes that reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount 
of interest that will be payable on such Notes. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an 
application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions as applicable to the Notes. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application 
of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application 
and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivative and loan markets. Any mismatch between 
the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets may negatively impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal 
of any Notes referencing a SONIA rate.  
 (2) Early Redemption Risk 
Notes subject to early redemption 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for an early redemption at the option of the 
Issuer or the Noteholders (see Conditions 5.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of 
Issuer's Options) and 5.6 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Options)). 
As a consequence, in the case of early redemptions, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes 
paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors 
that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in 
securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. In addition, in the case of any partial redemption by 
the Issuer or only some of the Noteholders exercising a Put Option and depending on the number of Notes 
subject to such a redemption or option, any trading market of the Notes in respect of which the redemption 
is not exercised may become less liquid or illiquid. 
Furthermore, in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of 
any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by the country of domicile (or residence for tax purposes) by the Issuer, or on behalf of France, or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem 
all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 5.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons). 
More generally, if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may choose to redeem 
the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. During a period when the Issuer 
may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes in part or in whole, such Notes may feature a market value not 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. In such circumstances, an investor may not 
be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as 
that of the relevant Notes and may only be able to do so at a lower rate.  
(3) Other Risks 
Dual Currency Notes 
The Programme allows for the Issuer to issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated (see Condition 
4.7 (Interest on Dual Currency Notes)). An investment in Dual Currency Notes entails significant risks that 
are not associated with similar investments in a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security. 
Noteholders may be exposed to currency risk, for example, if exchange rates of the relevant currencies 
move sufficiently in an unanticipated direction. The market price of such Notes may be very volatile. The 
amount of interest and/or principal payable may vary significantly according to the evolution of the rate of 
exchange of the currencies specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 34 ---
-27- 
 
Partly paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment (see Condition 4.8 
(Interest on Partly Paid Notes)). Interest is only payable on the paid-up nominal amount at the time being 
of the Notes. Investors are obliged to make future instalment payments beyond the relevant Issue Date and 
failure to pay any subsequent instalment may result in an investor losing all or a substantial part of his 
investment, entitlement to interest and rights as Noteholder. 
The Notes will be issued with a specific use of proceeds  
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used 
for the financing of the Issuer's investment programme or the buy-back of outstanding bonds of the Issuer. 
Such investment programme might concern one or more of the Eligible Green Projects (as defined in the 
section "Use of Proceeds").  
Any event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any project(s) or use(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, including any Eligible Green Projects, and/or the withdrawal of any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be available in connection 
with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or 
certifying on, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing Notes. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
It is difficult to anticipate future price volatility, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the 
market value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium could 
be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing securities.

--- Page 35 ---
-28- 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the table 
below included in the following documents which have previously been published or are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the AMF as competent authority in 
France for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 34 to 61 of the 2020 Base Prospectus (visa no. 20-384 
granted by the AMF on 7 August 2020), 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 27 to 48 of the 2018 Base Prospectus (visa no. 18-576 
granted by the AMF on 20 December 2018), 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 21 to 44 of the 2017 Base Prospectus (visa no. 17-650 
granted by the AMF on 22 December 2017), 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 19 to 41 of the 2016 Base Prospectus (visa no. 16-334 
granted by the AMF on 19 July 2016), 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 23 to 45 of the 2015 Base Prospectus (visa no. 15-375 
granted by the AMF on 17 July 2015), 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 24 to 46 of the 2014 Base Prospectus (visa no. 14-410 
granted by the AMF on 16 July 2014), 
• 
the 2020 Annual Report (the "2020 Annual Report"), and  
• 
the 2019 Annual Report (the "2019 Annual Report").  
including the audit reports in the French language in respect of the consolidated and non-consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 issued by 
KPMG Audit, a Department of KPMG S.A., and Mazars which are included, respectively, in the 2019 
Annual Report and the 2020 Annual Report, all of which have been filed with the AMF. 
The information in the table set out below shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this 
Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein 
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a 
statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication 
or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
For the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is set out in the cross reference table below. Where only certain parts of the information 
requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation are incorporated by reference, the non-
incorporated parts are either not relevant for investors or contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table 
below is for information purposes only. 
The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference below is available as follows (with the references corresponding 
to the French language versions of the financial reports):

--- Page 36 ---
-29- 
 
 
 
(Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 of 14 March 2021)  
2020 Annual Report 
2019 Annual Report 
2. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
 
2.1. 
Names and addresses of the issuer's auditors 
for the period covered by the historical 
financial information (together with their 
membership in a professional body). 
pp. 100, 115, and 172 
pp. 88, 100, and 161 
 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
 
4.1. 
History and development of the Issuer: 
 
 
4.1.1. 
the legal and commercial name of the issuer; 
p. 17 
p. 15 
4.1.2.  
The place of registration of the issuer, its 
registration 
number 
and 
legal 
entity 
identifier (‘LEI’). 
p. 17 
p. 15 
4.1.3. 
the date of incorporation and the length of 
life of the issuer, except where indefinite; 
p. 17 
p. 15 
4.1.4. 
the domicile and legal form of the issuer, the 
legislation under which the issuer operates, 
its country of incorporation, and the address 
and telephone number of its registered office 
(or principal place of business if different 
from its registered office; 
p. 17 
p. 15 
4.1.5. 
any recent events particular to the issuer and 
which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of the issuer's solvency. 
pp. 20 to 24 
pp. 17 to 18 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
5.1. 
Principal activities: 
 
 
5.1.1. 
A brief description of the issuer's principal 
activities stating the main categories of 
products sold and/or services performed; 
pp. 16 to 24 
pp. 14 to 20  
 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
 
6.1. 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and of the issuer's 
position within it. 
p. 14 
p. 12 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, 
AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions in 
the issuer of the following persons, and an 
indication 
of 
the 
principal 
activities 
pp. 101 to 110 
pp. 89 to 95

--- Page 37 ---
-30- 
 
performed by them outside the issuer where 
these are significant with respect to that 
issuer: 
(a) members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies; 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the 
case of a limited partnership with a 
share capital. 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state 
whether the issuer is directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and 
describe the measures in place to ensure that 
such control is not abused. 
pp. 17, 121 and 175 
pp. 15, 106 and 164 
11. 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
THE 
ISSUER'S 
ASSETS 
AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION 
AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
 
11.1. 
Historical Financial Information: 
 
 
11.1.1 
Historical financial information covering 
the latest two financial years (at least 24 
months) or such shorter period as the issuer 
has been in operation and the audit report in 
respect of each year.  
pp. 112 to 168 and  
pp. 170 to 198 
pp. 96-157 and  
pp. 159-193 
 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards  
The financial information must be prepared 
according 
to 
International 
Financial 
Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not 
applicable the financial statements must be 
prepared according to:  
a Member State’s national accounting 
standards for issuers from the EEA as 
required by Directive 2013/34/ EU;  
a third country’s national accounting 
standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 for third country issuers.  
 
pp. 121 and 122 
p. 106

--- Page 38 ---
-31- 
 
Otherwise the following information must 
be included in the registration document:  
a prominent statement that the financial 
information included in the registration 
document has not been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 and that there may be material 
differences in the financial information had 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied 
to the historical financial information;  
immediately 
following 
the 
historical 
financial information a narrative description 
of the differences between Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and 
the accounting principles adopted by the 
issuer in preparing its annual financial 
statements.  
11.1.4 
Where the audited financial information is 
prepared according to national accounting 
standards, the financial information must 
include at least the following:  
(a) the balance sheet;  
(b) the income statement;  
(c) the accounting policies and 
explanatory notes.  
pp. 173 to 198 
pp. 162-193 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial statements  
 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include at 
least the consolidated financial statements in 
the registration document.  
pp. 111 to 168 
pp. 96-157 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information  
 
The balance sheet date of the last year of 
audited financial information may not be 
older than 18 months from the date of the 
registration document.  
pp. 111 to 120 
pp. 96-105 
11.2. 
Auditing 
of 
Historical 
financial 
information: 
 
 
11.2.1  
The historical financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report 
shall be prepared in accordance with the 
Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014.  
Where 
Directive 
2014/56/EU 
and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do not apply:  
(a) 
the historical financial information 
must be audited or reported on as to 
pp. 112 to 115 
pp. 97-100

--- Page 39 ---
-32- 
 
whether or not, for the purposes of 
the registration document, it gives a 
true and fair view in accordance 
with auditing standards applicable 
in a Member State or an equivalent 
standard.  
Otherwise, the following information 
must be included in the registration 
document:  
(i) a 
prominent 
statement 
disclosing which auditing 
standards 
have 
been 
applied;  
(ii) an 
explanation 
of 
any 
significant 
departures 
from 
International 
Standards 
on 
Auditing;  
(b) if audit reports on the historical 
financial 
information 
contain 
qualifications, 
modifications 
of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of 
matter, 
such 
qualifications, 
modifications, disclaimers or emphasis 
of matter must be reproduced in full 
and the reasons given.  
11.2.1a 
Where audit reports on the historical 
financial information have been refused by 
the statutory auditors or where they contain 
qualifications, modifications of opinion, 
disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, the 
reason 
must 
be 
given, 
and 
such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in 
full. 
N/A 
p. 97 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
 
12.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts 
that are not entered into in the ordinary 
course of the issuer's business, which could 
result in any group member being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to 
the issuer's ability to meet its obligation to 
security holders in respect of the securities 
being issued. 
pp. 194 to 196 
pp. 183 to 185 
 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus and all documents incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus are available on the website of the Issuer (https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-
ratp/newsroom/corporate/publications-legales 
and 
https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-ratp/presentation-du-
groupe/documents-de-reference). The Base Prospectus is available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org). Such documents may also be obtained, free of charge, at the offices of each Paying Agent set 
out at the end of this Base Prospectus during normal business hours and as long as any of the Notes are 
outstanding.

--- Page 40 ---
-33- 
 
The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be published on the websites 
of (x) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (y) the Issuer (www.ratp.fr).  
Copies of the 2020 Annual Report and the 2019 Annual Report are available without charge on request at 
the registered office of the Issuer. The free English translations of the 2020 Annual Report and the 2019 
Annual Report may be obtained from the website of the Issuer (https://www.ratp.fr/en/groupe-
ratp/newsroom/corporate/our-essential-documents). These free English translations are not incorporated by 
reference herein. To the extent that there is any inconsistency between any statement in the French versions 
of the 2020 Annual Report and the 2019 Annual Report, and the English translations thereof, the statements 
in the French versions of the 2020 Annual Report and the 2019 Annual Report.

--- Page 41 ---
-34- 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, the Issuer will prepare and make available on the websites of (a) 
the Issuer (https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-ratp/newsroom/corporate/publications-legales) and (b) the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org), an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further Base Prospectus, 
which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or 
on a Regulated Market of a Member State of the European Economic Area, shall constitute a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation and shall 
supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably 
request.

--- Page 42 ---
-35- 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion by the relevant Final Terms, 
shall be applicable to the Notes.  
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In 
the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to 
simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed or attached on Definitive 
Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 28 July 2021 
between the Issuer and BNP Paribas Securities Services as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent"), as principal 
paying agent and as paying agent (together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other paying agents 
in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed, the "Paying Agents") (together, as further amended or 
supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Agreement"). The initial Calculation Agent(s) (if any) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Noteholders (as defined below) and where applicable the 
Couponholders (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context otherwise requires, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU and as listed on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (http://www.esma.europa.eu/). 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Method of Issue 
1.1 
Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised 
form ("Materialised Notes"). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 and 
R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en 
compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant 
final terms (the "Final Terms"), in either bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) only, 
which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France S.A. ("Euroclear France") 
(acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) 
inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder or in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear 
France maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final 
Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised 
intermediary institution entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream").

--- Page 43 ---
-36- 
 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with interest coupons (each, a "Coupon") and, where appropriate, 
a talon (a "Talon") attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), 
Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities (such as the Notes) which are governed by French law and are in 
materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
1.2 
Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Specified Denomination(s)") save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a Member State of the EEA will be €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency 
at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
1.3 
Title  
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the 
Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of 
the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or 
a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of 
any Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "holder of Notes", "holder of any Note" or "Noteholder" means (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the individual or entity whose name appears in the 
account of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case 
may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the 
bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons ("Couponholder" being 
construed accordingly), or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings 
given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that 
such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
1.4 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in series 
(each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save 
in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 44 ---
-37- 
 
1.5 
Conversion and Exchange of Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Dematerialised Notes being issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) 
may not be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur). Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at 
the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall 
be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
2. 
Status 
The principal and interest on the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
and will rank pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves and, save for 
statutorily preferred exceptions, equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons remain outstanding the Issuer undertakes 
(without, however, thereby affecting its right to dispose of any of its assets) that it will not grant or 
permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security 
interest ("Security") upon the whole or any part of its real property rights, assets or revenues 
present or future to secure any Relevant Debt (as defined below) or any guarantee of any Relevant 
Debt unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons (a) are secured equally and rateably therewith or benefit from a guarantee in 
substantially identical terms thereto, as the case may be, or (b) have the benefit of such other 
security, guarantee or other arrangement as shall be approved by a Collective Decision (as defined 
below) of the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the 
date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on 
such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly 
paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to 
the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 6, (ii) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided 
in Condition 6 and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in this 
Agreement and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised 
Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in 
respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and 
cancelled as provided in the Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised 
Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Notes are outstanding 
and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Notes alleged to 
have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised Notes have 
been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been 
exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions;

--- Page 45 ---
-38- 
 
"Relevant Debt" means any present or future indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, bonds, 
notes, debentures or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, 
listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market. 
4. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
4.1 
Interest and Accrual 
Each Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 4.10. 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will 
continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided 
in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 4.12). 
4.2 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) it shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business 
Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event it shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (iv) the 
Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
4.3 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4.10. 
4.4 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(a) If "Screen Rate Determination – IBOR" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below or (if applicable) in Condition 4.4(b), be determined by the Calculation Agent at 
or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest 
Accrual Period in accordance with the following (corresponding to Screen Rate 
Determination): 
(i) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is a Page or appears on a Page, subject 
as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(1) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); 
or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose 
Relevant Rates appear on that Page,

--- Page 46 ---
-39- 
 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph 
4.4(i)(1) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph 4.4(i)(2) above applies and 
fewer than two Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates which each of the Reference Banks 
is quoting to major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if paragraph 4.4(i)(1) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) which the Calculation Agent determines to be 
the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a 
Representative Amount of the Specified Currency which five leading banks in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the 
Specified Currency is Euro, in those member states that adopt the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Union (the "Euro-zone") 
(the "Principal Financial Centre") selected by the Calculation Agent are quoting 
at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would customarily 
quote such rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a period 
equivalent to the Specified Duration to leading banks carrying on business in 
Europe, or, if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than three of such 
banks are so quoting, in the Principal Financial Centre, except that, if fewer than 
three of the banks in the Principal Financial Centre so selected by the Calculation 
Agent are quoting as aforesaid, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest 
determined on the previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for 
any difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier, Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period 
and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period). 
(iv) 
if paragraph 4.4(i)(1) above applies and, in the case of a Reference Rate other 
than an inter-bank offered rate, fewer than two quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the above paragraph, the Reference Rate 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good 
faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4.10. 
(b) Notwithstanding Condition 4.4(a) above, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to a 
Relevant Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for the 
rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Relevant Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over the other 
fallbacks specified in Condition 4.4(a).  
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.4(b)(ii)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 4.4(b)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.4(b)(iv)). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that:

--- Page 47 ---
-40- 
 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject 
to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(b)(iii)) subsequently 
be used in place of the Relevant Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 4.4(b)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.4(b)(iii)) subsequently be used in place 
of the Relevant Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 4.4(b)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) 
by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 4.4(b) and the Independent Adviser determines in 
good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Days or Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 4.4(b)(v), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.4(b)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, 
notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders, 
promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and of the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
4.4(b). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the 
Relevant Rate will continue to apply for the purpose of determining such Rate of

--- Page 48 ---
-41- 
 
Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions provided in Conditions 4.4(a) will continue to apply to such 
determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances lead to 
the application of the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 4.4(b), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 
4.4(b) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback 
provisions in Condition 4.4(a) shall continue to apply). 
(vii) 
 Definitions 
In this Condition 4.4(b): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, 
to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Relevant Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to 
the replacement of the Relevant Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(2) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor 
Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital market for transactions 
which reference the Relevant Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Alternative Rate (or as the case may be, the 
Successor Rate); or 
(3) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, 
the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines to be 
appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of a Successor Rate, an alternative 
benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with this Condition 4.4(b) and which is customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest 
period (if there is such a customary market usage at such time) and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to a Relevant Rate: 
(1) 
the Relevant Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
(2) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate that it will, on or before a 
specified date, cease publishing the Relevant Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication

--- Page 49 ---
-42- 
 
of the Relevant Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (2)(i); 
(3) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate that the Relevant Rate has 
been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(4) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Relevant Rate that the Relevant Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (4)(i); 
(5) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate that means the Relevant Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the 
following six (6) months; 
(6) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or 
such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms) or any 
Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Relevant Rate (including without 
limitation, under EU Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark 
Regulation), if applicable); 
(7) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration 
pursuant to Article 35 of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK 
Benchmark Regulation of any benchmark administrator 
previously authorised to publish such Relevant Rate has been 
adopted: or 
(8) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
administrator of the Relevant Rate that, in the view of such 
supervisor, such Relevant Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise, at all times acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as an expert, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 4.4(b)(i). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or other screen 
rate (as applicable); 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for 
the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory

--- Page 50 ---
-43- 
 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Relevant Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will 
determine, among those successor or replacement rates, the one which is the 
most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular 
features of the relevant Notes. 
(c) Screen Rate Determination – SONIA:  
(i) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined, such Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with Condition 4.4(c)(ii) or 4.4(c)(iii) below, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 4.4(c)(iv) to 4.4(c)(v) as applicable. 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"Lag Method", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be "Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag" plus or minus (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
(iii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"Observation Shift Method", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be "Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift" plus or minus 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of Condition 4.4(c)(ii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Period; 
"do" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in such 
Interest Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first London Banking Day in such Interest Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).

--- Page 51 ---
-44- 
 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is 
p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA-Lag only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-
London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for 
the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(v) 
For the purposes of Condition 4.4(c)(iii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards:  
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
 where: 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days 
in such Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first London Banking Day in such Observation Period 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period;

--- Page 52 ---
-45- 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation Period the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is 
p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for that day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA-Shift only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-
London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for 
the previous London Banking Day but without compounding.  
(vi) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Reference Period or 
Observation Period, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall be: 
(1) 
(x) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (y) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous p 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which 
the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).

--- Page 53 ---
-46- 
 
(vii) 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4.4(c)(vii), the Interest Rate shall be (x) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (y) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to 
the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Interest Period). 
(viii) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of 
default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the 
definition specified above, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes became 
due and payable and the Interest Rate on the Notes shall, for so long as the Notes 
remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date. 
4.5 
Interest on Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed to Floating Notes are Notes for which a change of interest basis is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms. Fixed to Floating Rating Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Switch Date") from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The Issuer election to change the 
interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") will be deemed effective upon receipt of a 
valid notification sent by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) to the relevant 
Noteholders within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or (ii) that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate at the date 
set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis"). 
4.6 
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for 
any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Amortisation Yield (as defined in Condition 5.4). 
4.7 
Interest on Dual Currency Notes 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, if the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by 
reference to a Rate of Exchange, such Rate of Exchange shall be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
4.8 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes. 
4.9 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts, Rate Multipliers and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) 
generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall 
be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 4.4 
above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next 
paragraph.

--- Page 54 ---
-47- 
 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest, 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall in no event be greater than the maximum 
or be less than the minimum so specified. The Minimum Rate of Interest (that is the 
reference rate plus any applicable Margin) shall at all times not be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest five places of decimals (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be 
rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of 
such currency which is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
4.10 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the product of the Rate of Interest, the Specified Denomination specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless 
an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, 
in which case the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of such Note 
for such Interest Accrual Period will equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance 
with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, 
the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of such Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Interest Amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual 
Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions 
above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is 
required to be calculated. 
4.11 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest 
Determination Date or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, 
determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, 
as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, 
any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes which is to make a further calculation 
upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of 
such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined before such 
time, in the case of notification to such exchange of an Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and the 
Interest Payment Date, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The 
determination of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount and Instalment 
Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 55 ---
-48- 
 
4.12 
Definitions 
Unless the context otherwise requires and subject to the provisions of Condition 4.4, the following 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Benchmark" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, EURIBOR or LIBOR or any other 
benchmark specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a specified currency (other than Euro) and/or one or more specified financial 
centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the Principal Financial Centre for that currency 
and/or each of the financial centres so specified; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating (a "TARGET2 
Business Day"); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more business centres specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres 
as so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual-ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation 
Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case 
the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first 
day or last day of the Calculation Period unless in the case of a Calculation Period ending 
on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February in which 
case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); 
and 
(vi) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 56 ---
-49- 
 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods in any year; and  
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year. 
where: 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Period Date; and 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date. 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on an Interest Period 
Date and ending on the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination for that Interest Accrual Period and which, and in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable 
on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual 
Period forms part; and, as the case may be 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue Date") or such 
other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to an Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in London prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET2 Business Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on the Interest Commencement Date and ending on 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on an Interest Payment Date 
and ending on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 57 ---
-50- 
 
"Page" means such part of a particular information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters 
Markets 3000 ("Reuters and FININFO")) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a 
Relevant Rate, or such other part as may replace it on that or such other information service, in 
each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that 
Relevant Rate. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and 
which is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, 
four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money market) which is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the 
relevant benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone). 
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on which payment in 
respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the 
date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, 
Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most 
closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so 
connected, London. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency 
for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration 
commencing on the Effective Date. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates 
in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial 
Centre and for this purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe or the Euro-zone as a 
Relevant Financial Centre, Central European Time. 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, a 
period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 4.2. 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross-Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
4.13 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other number 
as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to 
continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer will appoint another Reference Bank with an

--- Page 58 ---
-51- 
 
office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation 
Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly 
to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirements, the Issuer will 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and 
the rules of that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be 
given in accordance with Condition 13. 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the 
date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on 
such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly 
paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to 
the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the holder as provided in Condition 6.1, (ii) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the holder as provided in 
Condition 6.1 and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the 
Agency Agreement and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of 
Definitive Materialised Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become 
void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those that have been repurchased 
and cancelled as provided in the Conditions, and (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those 
mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Definitive Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many 
such Definitive Materialised Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any 
other purpose) those Definitive Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed 
and in respect of which replacement Definitive Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any 
Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more 
Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
5.1 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be 
redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal 
amount) on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
5.2 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If by reason of any change in, or amendment to, the laws and regulations of the Republic 
of France or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof, becoming effective 
after the Issue Date, the Issuer would become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar 
days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Final 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms), provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice may be given hereunder shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without 
withholding for French taxes.

--- Page 59 ---
-52- 
 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes be 
prevented by French law from making payment to Noteholders or Couponholders of the 
full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional 
amounts contained in Condition 7, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact 
to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than 7 calendar days' prior 
notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at 
their Redemption Amount together with, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable 
Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then 
due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after 
such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders 
shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment 
of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) 14 calendar days 
after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons or, if that 
date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
5.3 
Purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto 
are attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) 
at any price, subject to applicable laws and/or regulations. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, Notes purchased by the Issuer may be held and 
resold in such amount as may be permitted by and in accordance with applicable laws and/or 
regulations. 
5.4 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note which does not bear interest 
prior to the Maturity Date, the Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to a 
formula, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5.2 or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph 5.4(iii) below, the Amortised Face Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if 
they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 5.2 or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph 5.4(ii) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to 
the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph will continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case 
the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 4.5.

--- Page 60 ---
-53- 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
5.5 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options 
(i) 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 13 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem, or exercise any Issuer's option (as may be described in 
the relevant Final Terms) in relation to, all or, if so provided, some of the Notes in the 
nominal amount or integral multiples thereof and on any Optional Redemption Date or 
Option Exercise Date, as the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption, if any. Any redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount 
at least equal to the minimal nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's 
option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition. 
(iii) 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the 
number of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such 
option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner 
as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market 
requirements. 
(iv) 
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect 
of Dematerialised Notes of any Series, the redemption may be effected by reducing the 
nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate 
nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and 
Regulated Market requirements. 
(v) 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the 
rules of that Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a 
partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in a leading newspaper of general 
circulation in the city where the Regulated Market is located and which, in the case of 
Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive 
Materialised Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
5.6 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Options 
If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 calendar days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, or any other Noteholders' option which may be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date), the holder must deposit such 
Note with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise 
notice ("Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the Noteholders' 
Option Period. No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided 
in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. Such notice shall, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, have attached to it such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause 
to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent

--- Page 61 ---
-54- 
 
specified in the Put Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or 
transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
5.7 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the provisions specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
5.8 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5, each Note 
which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon the outstanding nominal 
amount of such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
5.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation shall forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, together with all rights relating to payment of 
interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith, by surrendering to the Fiscal Agent the Temporary Global Certificate and 
the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons. Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged. 
6. 
Payments 
6.1 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be made (i) (in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) by transfer 
to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit 
of the relevant Noteholders and (ii) (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), 
to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by 
the relevant Noteholders. Any payment validly made to any such Account Holders, or to any such 
Bank (as defined below) designated by any Noteholder, will constitute an effective discharge of 
the Issuer in respect of such payment. 
6.2 
Materialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the relevant 
Materialised Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as 
specified in Condition 6.6) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 6.6, 
as the case may be), at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a 
cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer 
to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank (as defined below). 
"Bank" means a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of the country for such Specified Currency 
or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 2 System. 
6.3 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York 
City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when

--- Page 62 ---
-55- 
 
due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
6.4 
Payments Subject to Law etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
6.5 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer 
and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer may at any time vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent and appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or 
more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in a European city which, so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris, shall be France, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a 
Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on 
which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 6.2 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
6.6 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised Face Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8) provided 
that, if any Materialised Note should be issued with a maturity date and an Interest Rate 
or Rates such that, on the presentation for payment of any such Note without any 
unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, the amount required to be 
deducted in respect of such unmatured Coupons would be greater than the relevant 
Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for redemption 
of any such Note, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not attached) shall become void 
(and no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required so that, upon 
application of the foregoing provisions in respect of such Coupons as have not so become 
void, the amount required by this paragraph to be deducted would not be greater than the 
relevant Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the 
foregoing provisions requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a 
Materialised Note to become void the Issuer shall select for such purpose Coupons 
maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on earlier dates.

--- Page 63 ---
-56- 
 
(ii) 
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them.  
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any 
such Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may 
require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. Interest accrued on 
a Materialised Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Notes. 
6.7 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 8. 
6.8 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business Day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day, nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "Business Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions 
as shall be specified as a "Financial Centre" in the relevant Final Terms and (B) (i) (in the case 
of a payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be 
carried on in the relevant currency in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of such currency 
or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), which is a TARGET Business Day. 
7. 
Taxation 
7.1 
Tax Exemption 
All payments of principal and interest (if any) by the Issuer will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of France or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction 
of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. 
7.2 
Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that payments in respect of any Note be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the amounts receivable by

--- Page 64 ---
-57- 
 
the holders of Notes, Receipts or Coupons, after such deduction or withholding, will equal the 
respective amounts which would have been received by such holders in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be liable to pay any such 
additional amounts which shall be due in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon presented for 
payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is subject to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of such Note, 
Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant 
Date, except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on the last day of such period of 
30 days. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts 
and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment 
or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) 
"principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be 
payable under this Condition. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for 
this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 
years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the date for payment 
thereof. 
9. 
Events of Default 
Any Noteholder, may, upon written notice to the Issuer, the Representative (as defined in 
Condition 10.1) and the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause the 
principal amount of all of the Notes (but not some only) held by such Noteholder to become 
immediately due and payable at the Final Redemption Amount of such Note, together with any 
accrued interest (including, where applicable, any accrued interest), as of the date on which such 
notice for payment is received by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent without further formality, if one 
or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have occurred and is continuing: 
9.1 
any amount of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any Note is not paid on the due date 
thereof and such default is not remedied within a period of 15 calendar days from such due date; 
or 
9.2 
any other obligation relating to the Notes is not complied with or performed within a period of 30 
calendar days following a written notification of such default given to the Fiscal Agent by a 
Noteholder; or 
9.3 
any indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of monies borrowed by the Issuer other than the Notes in 
excess of Euro 7,500,000 or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies, is not paid when it 
becomes due or, as the case may be, at the expiry of any initial or extended grace period, or if any 
guarantee of such indebtedness of any person given by the Issuer is not honoured when called upon, 
unless the Issuer has disputed in good faith that such indebtedness is due or that such guarantee is 
callable, and such dispute has been submitted to a competent court, in which event such default 
shall not constitute an Event of Default hereunder so long as the dispute shall not have been finally 
adjudicated; or if any such indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, the Issuer shall have become 
repayable before the due date thereof as a result of acceleration of maturity caused by the 
occurrence of any event of default thereunder; or 
9.4 
the Issuer is dissolved or all or substantially all of its assets are transferred to another entity prior 
to the repayment in full of the Notes, unless (A) all or substantially all of its assets shall be

--- Page 65 ---
-58- 
 
transferred to and all or substantially all of its debts and liabilities assumed by (i) the French State, 
another établissement public, exploitant public or collectivité territoriale or (ii) a French legal 
entity which continues to carry on the activities of the Issuer, which is controlled by the French 
State or by one or more établissements publics, exploitants publics or collectivités territoriales and 
the share capital of which is held, directly or indirectly, as to at least 51 per cent., by the French 
State and/or one or more établissements publics, exploitants publics or collectivités territoriales or 
(iii) a company which, expressly by contract or by virtue of applicable law, assumes the obligations 
and liabilities of the Issuer or (B) the obligations and liabilities under the Notes are unconditionally 
guaranteed by the French State or by an établissement public, an exploitant public or a collectivité 
territoriale. 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically 
for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the 
provisions of articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de Commerce as amended by this 
Condition 10. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights 
that Noteholders may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of 
the Conditions of the Notes. 
10.1 
Legal Personality of the Masse 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
10.2 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of the Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any 
subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or 
replacement of the Representative shall be published in accordance with Condition 10.10. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the name and address of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer. 
10.3 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power 
to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affaires of the Issuer. 
10.4 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), or (ii) 
by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written

--- Page 66 ---
-59- 
 
Unanimous Decisions", as further described in Condition 10.6(i) below, or (iii) by the consent of 
one or more Noteholders holding together at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, following a written consultation (the "Written Majority Decisions", as further 
described in Condition 10.6(ii) below and together with the Written Unanimous Decisions, the 
"Written Decisions"). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the 
name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding 
the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 10.10. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, 
to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
10.5 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One 
or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to 
be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, 
the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be 
taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General 
Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 10.10 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General 
Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General 
Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text 
of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the 
General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, 
during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General 
Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at 
the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of article L.228-64 of the 
French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until a new Representative has been 
appointed. 
10.6 
Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous 
Decisions or Written Majority Decisions. 
(i) 
Written Unanimous Decision

--- Page 67 ---
-60- 
 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders 
without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 10.5. 
Approval of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article 
L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision 
shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of 
such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be contained in one document, 
or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such 
Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 10.10. 
(ii) 
Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision, which shall include the text 
of the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be published as provided 
under Condition 10.10 no less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Written Majority Decision (the "Written Majority Decision Date"). 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will contain the conditions 
of form and time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Majority Decision. Noteholders expressing 
their approval or rejection before the Written Majority Decision Date will undertake not 
to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together 
at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding. Approval of a 
Written Majority Decision may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any Written 
Majority Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a 
General Meeting of the Noteholders. Such Written Majority Decisions may be contained 
in one document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on one behalf of 
one or more of the Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with 
Condition 10.10. 
10.7 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses 
may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
10.8 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have 
been assimilated with the Notes of such first-mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 12 
(Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single 
Masse. 
10.9 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this 
capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of 
such Series. 
10.10 
Notices for the purposes of this Condition 10 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10 shall be published on 
the website of RATP (www.ratp.fr) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or

--- Page 68 ---
-61- 
 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared.  
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' 
approval, as contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de commerce, will be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10.10. Any Noteholder will then have the right 
to request redemption of its Notes at par within three (3) months of the date of notification, in 
which case the Issuer shall redeem such Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's 
request for redemption. 
In this Condition 10, the expression "outstanding" does not include the Notes subscribed or 
purchased by the Issuer in accordance with Article L.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier which are held by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified 
office of the Paying Agent in France or such other Paying Agent, as the case may be, as may from 
time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given 
to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes and so that the same 
shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions 
to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
13.1 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if 
either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed 
to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as such Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so 
require in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated 
Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located, which in the case of 
Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos. 
13.2 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they 
will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as such 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated 
Market so require in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the 
Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located, which in the 
case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos. 
13.3 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
13.4 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other clearing system through 
which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as

--- Page 69 ---
-62- 
 
required by Conditions 13.1, 13.2 and 13.3 above; except notices will be published so long as such 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated 
Market so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the 
Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located, which in the 
case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos.  
13.5 
Any notice published pursuant to this Condition 13 shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above. 
13.6 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
14. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
14.1 
Governing Law 
The Notes (and where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by French law. 
14.2 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons will be submitted 
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts in Paris.

--- Page 70 ---
-63- 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with 
(if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal 
amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see 
"Subscription and Sale" below), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form 
of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive 
Materialised Notes. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Materialised Notes before 
interest or any amount payable in respect of eth Notes will be paid.  
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, 
in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such 
Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and 
Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary 
Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with 
any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Bearer Materialised 
Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of 
40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued 
prior to such day pursuant to Condition 15(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate 
shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days after the issue of such further 
Materialised Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
-64- 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used for the financing of the Issuer's investment programme 
or the buy-back of outstanding bonds of the Issuer. If there is another particular identified use of proceeds, 
such as that described below, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes might concern one or more of the Eligible Green Projects (as defined 
below) for which objectives and categories are defined in the Issuer's green bond framework available on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.ratp.fr/sites/default/files/inline-
files/RATP%20Green%20Bond%20Framework%20version%20finale%2025042018_0.pdf (the "Green 
Bond Framework"). 
 
For the purposes of this programme, "Eligible Green Projects" include the following categories (i) public 
transport infrastructures maintenance and renovation, (ii) public transport rolling stock renovation and 
renewal, (iii) public transport station and spaces modernization and (iv) other public transport low-carbon 
vehicles. 
 
As further detailed in Issuer's Green Bond Framework, the following principles were used for the Eligible 
Green Projects selection: (i) projects should be financed in equity, (ii) projects should not likely be the 
subject of major controversy and (iii) projects should meet environmental and sustainability objectives. The 
Issuer has set up a dedicated Green Bond Committee which will (i) review and approve annually the projects 
complying with the environmental objectives and falling under one or more of the Eligible Green Projects 
categories outlined above and (ii) review the allocation of the proceeds annually to ensure maximum 
allocation of green bond proceeds and facilitate ongoing green bond reporting. Pending the allocation to 
Eligible Green Projects, unallocated proceeds will temporarily be invested in accordance with RATP’s 
established investment guidelines, including in cash, deposits and money market instruments. 
 
The Issuer commits to (i) publishing a green bonds update that will provide information on the allocation 
of the proceeds to Eligible Green Projects and (ii) publishing an impact report that will provide information 
on the environmental and other sustainable development impact of Eligible Green Projects the green bond 
proceeds has been allocated to. In addition, the Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to assess the sustainability, 
transparency and governance of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and its alignment with the ICMA's 
Green Bond Principles. Vigeo Eiris applies its own methodology in line with international standards and 
ICMA's Green Bond Principles guidelines to carry out this assessment. The results are documented in Vigeo 
Eiris’ Second Party Opinion available on the Issuer's website (https://www.ratp.fr/sites/default/files/inline-
files/secondopinionuk.pdf. Auditors appointed by the Issuer will verify on an annual basis and until the full 
allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds, the allocated proceeds to Eligible Green Projects and the 
remaining balance of unallocated proceeds. Such auditors will also verify the compliance of the allocated 
proceeds with the Eligible Green Project categories. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the information in relation to the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework on 
the Issuer’s website is incorporated or the Vigeo Eiris’ Second Party Opinion available on the Issuer’s 
website is incorporated into this Base Prospectus. 
 
None of the Dealers have reviewed the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework nor assessed any of the Eligible 
Green Projects and makes no representation that any issue of Notes for Eligible Green Projects will fulfil 
any investor’s green investment requirements.

--- Page 72 ---
-65- 
 
REGIE AUTONOME DES TRANSPORTS PARISIENS 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
GENERAL  
 
The information relating to the Issuer and its activity is respectively detailed on (i) pages 4 to 14 of the 
2020 Annual Report, (ii) pages 12 to 19 of the 2019 Annual Report and (iii) 14 to 21 of the 2018 Annual 
Report, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, and relates to the following topics, 
amongst others:  
 
• A description of the Issuer’s business and its historical evolution;  
• Environmental policies and issues;  
• Works and supply;  
• Safety policies;  
• Investments;  
• Financial control;  
• Accounting standards;  
• Property;  
• Employees;  
• Management;  
• Financial statements;  
• Statutory auditors; and  
• Structure chart. 
 
For RATP Group and indeed all public transport operators, 2020 was marked by the Covid-19 health crisis. 
The crisis led to a drastic drop in passenger traffic on RATP's networks in the Île-de-France region, other 
regions in France and the 13 countries where RATP's Group operates. This severely impacted RATP Group 
results in 2020, in the amount of –€414 million for the RATP Group’s turnover and –€356 million for the 
Group share of net income. 
 
However, government support has considerably mitigated the impact of the crisis, with €3.4 billion 
invested in public transport, of which €2.3 billion was invested in the Île-de- France region. A budget of 
€1.6 billion was set aside by the government in September 2020 for Île-de-France Mobilités, to 
compensate for estimated losses related to mobility allowance and passenger by an additional sum of almost 
€700 million to quicken the pace of investment in Île-de- France public transport upgrades as part of the 
France Relance (France recovery) plan. For its part, RATP Group has continued to fulfil its public service 
mission in spite of the crisis. Thanks to the mobilisation of its team, RATP Group is perceived as a reliable 
partner by all its contacts, local authorities, transport authorities, passengers, among others. This reliability 
is demonstrated in the recognised quality of RATP's brand in the field, which has enabled us to mobilise 
substantial financing on very satisfactory terms at the peak of the pandemic: between March and December 
2020, RATP issued €174 million in five-year bonds, €480 million in thirty-year bonds and €200 million 
in sixty-year bonds, as well as nearly €3 billion in one-to-twelve-month treasury notes.  
RATP Group has remained mobilised from the start of the crisis, to ensure the continuity of public service 
and maintain an efficient service, notably for the people who need it most, and to regain the trust of RATP 
Group's passengers. With this in mind, RATP almost doubled the budget allocated to the cleaning and 
disinfection of rolling stock and stations, which increased from €100 million to €185 million in 2020, 
while undertaking a complete review of all RATP's industrial processes. This trust is the foundation of all 
nine commitments in RATP's Passenger Commitment Charter, prepared over the course of 2020 and 
unveiled at the start of 2021. 
 
Furthermore, RATP Group continued to invest and innovate in 2020. Despite the difficulties brought about 
by the 2020 spring lockdown and with the support of Île-de-France Mobilités, RATP invested €1.8 billion 
in the Île-de-France region in 2020 and just under €400 million on behalf of the Société du Grand Paris 
(SGP), amounting to a total investment of €2.2 billion, up 3.4% compared to 2019. These investments 
have allowed the Group to pursue structural projects in line with its commitments, such as the extension of 
metro line 14 to the north, inaugurated in December. RATP also pursued the massive conversion of RATP's

--- Page 73 ---
-66- 
 
buses and bus depots to clean energies, the extension of metro lines 4, 11, 12 and 14 to the south, the 
automation of line 4, the upgrading of metro and regional express trains (RER) rolling stock, investments 
in station renovation and passenger information improvement, etc. RATP also worked to prepare RATP 
Group’s long-term future by investing in the mobility of tomorrow, including autonomous vehicles and 
urban air mobility solutions, by launching RATP's mobility as a service (MaaS) programme in partnership 
with RATP's new subsidiary Mappy, and developing RATP's activity to promote smart and sustainable 
cities, with the creation of RATP Solutions Ville. 
RATP's mission to deliver the mobility solutions and cities of the future is also at the heart of RATP's 
driving purpose: RATP dedicate every day to better city living. RATP is a unique company and RATP 
Group is at a turning point in its history, for this reason it was essential that RATP establish what unites 
RATP's team, together. These priorities guided the entire driving purpose identification process, with 
RATP’s employees playing a major role. This driving purpose will now be broken down into principles of 
action. 
 
RATP Group’s driving purpose 
 
As the social role of companies, above and beyond their economic performance, is coming under greater 
scrutiny 
and as the French Pacte law encourages companies to better account for their contribution to the common 
good, RATP Group launched a major approach to identify its driving purpose. As a key operator in cities 
with a public service role, the Group believed this was the logical and natural initiative to take. The Group’s 
driving purpose is the result of a collaborative approach and over a year of brainstorming and discussions 
in consultation with employees and external stakeholders. Acting as RATP's strategy compass, RATP's 
driving purpose is a natural extension of what has made RATP's company so special since its inception, 
reaffirming the company’s DNA by examining the role that the Group intends to play in society and what 
makes it unique.  
 
RATP Group today  
 
RATP Group is a historic leader in passenger transport and a recognised pioneer in automated systems. 
Today, it is leading the way in new forms of mobility, harnessing its wide-ranging expertise to deliver 
flexible urban mobility solutions meeting exacting standards. RATP work with territories to design made-
to-measure solutions for passengers and residents, adopting an integrated approach all along the mobility 
chain and delivering innovative services and infrastructure to shape sustainable cities. 
 
RATP Group is a major urban public transport stakeholder in France and notably in the Île-de-France region. 
As a recognised sustainable mobility provider both in France and abroad, RATP Group daily uses 
innovative solutions regarding urban, engineering and infrastructure management solutions to contribute 
its expert knowledge to benefit the Île-de-France region and its inhabitants. In 2020, throughout a year 
marked by the health crisis and its consequences, the Group made a strong commitment and took action to 
ensure business continuity, with a high level of safety for its employees and passengers, and to preserve its 
business model. Resilient in this context, the Group has at the same time reinforced its development strategy 
in the growth markets of sustainable mobility and smart cities, in France and abroad, while preparing for 
the competitive tendering of buses in its historic region of Paris and its inner suburbs. 
 
Parent company and its contractual environment 
 
The parent company, Régie autonome des transports parisiens (RATP), is a State-owned industrial and 
commercial public utility (établissement public à caractère industriel et commercial – EPIC) created by 
the law of 21 March 1948. It is a legal entity under public law. Its head office is located at 54, quai de la 
Rapée, 75012 Paris, and it is registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Register.  
RATP was set up to run public transport services in Île-de-France. Its mission, as laid down in French law 
No. 2009-1503 of 8 December 2009 on public passenger services by rail (loi relative à l’organisation et à 
la régulation des transports ferroviaires – ORTF law), is to act as infrastructure manager for urban public 
transport services in Île-de- France, subject to the powers granted to SNCF Réseau.

--- Page 74 ---
-67- 
 
The same law specified that transport lines created before 3 December 2009 should continue to be operated 
under the terms of the agreements effective as at that date and the agreements to be negotiated under the 
defined legal framework, until 31 December 2024 for bus services, 31 December 2029 for tram services 
and 31 December 2039 for other transport services (metro and RER). The operating rights granted to RATP 
are thus limited in duration, with their renewal being subject to calls for tender.  
Lastly, the ORTF law defines the framework for RATP’s compensation in its role as infrastructure manager 
and line operator.  
The transport offer and pricing in Île-de-France is defined by Île-de- France Mobilités (formerly STIF). 
RATP’s activity as an operator is governed by multi-year agreements with Île-de-France Mobilités. Under 
these agreements, RATP undertakes to provide a transport service defined in terms of quantity and quality 
and receives compensation based on the direct revenues and flat-rate contributions paid by Île-de-France 
Mobilités. 
 If RATP were compensated for the contractual service through direct revenues alone, it would be unable 
to balance its business model. This is because the fares and the price of season tickets set by the transport 
authorities do not cover the actual cost of the service. The flat-rate contributions paid by Île-de-France 
Mobilités thus enable RATP to restore the financial equilibrium needed to provide the service, make 
investments and achieve the associated contractual targets. Thus, the level of public tenders equates to 
around 42% of RATP’s revenue. At the national level, on less dense networks, the average subsidy is 70% 
(Centre d'études et d’expertise sur les risques, l’environnement, la mobilité et l’aménagement – Cerema, 
2016, for French networks with more than 200,000 inhabitants outside Paris). 
Since the adoption of French law No. 2000-1208 on solidarity and urban renewal, RATP has been 
authorised to design and operate public transport networks via its subsidiaries throughout France and abroad. 
Under the RATP-Île-de-France Mobilités 2016-2020 operating contract, RATP is compensated by Île-de-
France Mobilités via four contributions, the first two of which are flat-rate and non-revisable, except by 
discounting and amendments (mainly under the terms of new offers and price reforms): 
• 
the contribution towards the operation of the service and public service obligations, which enables 
operating expenses not met through direct passenger revenues to be covered; 
• 
 the contribution towards the financing of investments is contractually intended to cover 
amortisation and depreciation and financial expenses; 
• 
 the contribution relating to certain taxes and duties passed on to Île-de-France Mobilités in euros 
(mainly the regional economic contribution and property tax); 
• 
the specific lease contribution to finance the purchase of rolling stock for the T3, T5, T6, T7 and 
T8 tram lines. 
The index used to revise contributions is linked to the performance of indices tracked by Insee, less 0.5% 
per annum for productivity returned to Île-de-France Mobilités.  
Despite a significant downward adjustment from the previous contract, Île-de-France Mobilités 
contributions are calculated to achieve sufficient cash flow (€4,263 million) to finance cumulative 
investments from own funds (€4,221 million) over the term of the current contract (2016-2020).  
The 2016-2020 Île-de-France Mobilités-RATP operating contract provides secure funding for significant 
investments by RATP, while maintaining near-stable levels of debt after five years. This financing is in the 
form of investment grants and cash flow from operations.  
The total investment thus reflects an overall, record effort of €8.5 billion over five years, of which €4.2 
billion is from RATP’s own funds, with an annual clause to monitor differences in the investment plan that 
could lead to a penalty directly impacting compensation. 
At the same time, RATP has undertaken to deliver a contractual transport service defined in terms of volume 
and quality. The passenger is at the focus of the contract, with demanding specifications in terms of service 
delivery, regularity and quality, a system based on indicators to measure the achievement of objectives, and 
a bonus budget of a maximum amount of €25 million.  
Commercial risk (traffic revenues) is shared between RATP and Île-de- France Mobilités. The contract 
provides for a 1% annual increase in the volume of passenger revenues. If this target is not achieved, or if

--- Page 75 ---
-68- 
 
it is exceeded, Île-de-France Mobilités and RATP share the gap according to a 50%/50% split. A specific 
amendment was planned in 2016 and 2017 to mitigate the impact of the introduction of a flatrate fare for 
all zones. 
The price risk is borne by Île-de-France Mobilités: changes in the selling price of transport tickets therefore 
give rise to an equivalent adjustment of Île-de-France Mobilités contributions through an amendment.  
The risk on operating expenses is borne by RATP. 
The 2016-2020 contract takes into account: 
• 
a budget for additional services included in the compensation to fulfil Île-de-France Mobilités’s 
objectives and meet passengers’ expectations (€100 million over five years for improvements to 
cleanliness, safety and bus journey times and assistance on the Noctilien night bus network); and 
• 
 the standardisation of RATP’s tax policy, in accordance with common law on EPIC’s tax policy, 
particularly regarding corporate income tax. 
 
Subsidiaries’ areas of expertise 
In 2020, the year was marked by three structuring events for the subsidiaries: 
1/ The unwinding of the Group’s reconfiguration operations at the level of the leading holding companies: 
after the creation of RATP Participations and RATP Paris Région (renamed “RATP Cap Île-de-France” 
in February 2021), the leading holding companies wholly owned by RATP EPIC, the Group’s 
reconfiguration was finalised, and the organizational structure simplified by linking all existing 
subsidiaries to RATP Participations (see organisational chart). The minority equity investments (Systra, 
Metrolab and Wizway) continue to be held by RATP Coopération (formerly RATP International). 
RATP Cap Île-de-France is responsible for responding to future calls for tender within RATP’s 
historical scope in the Paris region, and for supporting future subsidiaries resulting from these calls for 
tender. 
2/ The creation of the “Solutions Ville” (city solutions) business unit (BU) around a parent subsidiary, 
RATP Solutions Ville. The business unit brings together several existing subsidiaries (RATP Connect, 
RATP Real Estate, RATP Habitat and RATP Capital Innovation), and is structured around five products: 
telecommunications, real estate, urban mobility, energy and logistics, with the aim of developing an 
offer that meets the needs of cities and local authorities. Its aim is to unify all urban services expertise 
in order to offer an attractive commercial offer and to develop the Group’s business in new markets. 
3/ The structuring of a Services division around RATP Smart Systems, which acquired Mappy in 2020, 
RATP Travel Retail and RATP Maintenance Services (previously owned by RATP Dev). RATP 
Participations and its subsidiaries Subsidiaries of RATP Participations are therefore structured around 
three divisions: 
• 
Transport (RATP Dev); 
• 
 City (RATP Solutions Ville, RATP Connect, RATP Real Estate, RATP Capital Innovation); 
• 
 Services (RATP Smart Systems, RATP Travel Retail, RATP Maintenance Services). 
 
Transport division 
RATP Développement (RATP Dev) is the subsidiary responsible for developing and managing operating 
agreements for public transport networks outside RATP’s traditional monopoly, in France and 
internationally. RATP Dev and its subsidiaries now account for most of the Group’s activity outside the 
parent company RATP.  
The sector generally relies on public subsidies, both for operations and investment. For corporate 
governance reasons, the customer (the network transport authority) typically requires specific subsidiaries 
to be set up for the agreement. RATP Dev, which houses the agreement portfolio and management activities, 
thus has 125 subsidiaries operating in 13 countries, the most important of which in terms of revenue 
contribution at the end of December 2020 were France, the United Kingdom, Algeria, the United States, 
South Africa and Saudi Arabia.

--- Page 76 ---
-69- 
 
RATP Dev’s activities span the entire mobility chain and encompass all modes of transport (metro, tram, 
bus and coach, train, sightseeing, demand-responsive transport, transport of people with reduced mobility 
and cable transport) and business lines (operation, maintenance and services). City division RATP 
Solutions Ville was created to meet the challenges of the smart, sustainable city of tomorrow. The 
subsidiary is responsible for developing a commercial offer of urban services for cities/local authorities, 
around five areas: real estate, urban mobility, telecommunications, logistics and energy. It will be able to 
draw on the existing subsidiaries, which already cover some of this essential expertise to respond to the 
necessary changes in the urban model. 
For real estate, RATP Group’s real estate management and engineering subsidiary is RATP Real Estate. 
It provides support to its customers (notably RATP EPIC) for all their real estate projects: 
• 
 development of the real estate portfolio through studies, the construction of facilities and the 
renovation of buildings and sites, taking into account regulatory developments and economic 
prospects (master plans or multi-annual plans); 
• 
 cost control via energy and asset audits; 
• 
 project management assignments (heating, ventilation and air-conditioning, fire safety system); 
• 
 project management support, particularly with complex real estate projects combining industrial 
sites and housing in densely populated areas; 
• 
 fitting out office premises and providing workstations for RATP Group entities; 
• 
 facility management and project management support for major maintenance works; 
• 
 management of tertiary sites and event venues. 
As an extension of the site management activities of RATP Real Estate, the wholly owned subsidiary SEDP 
2 leads projects aimed at modernising and reducing the tertiary footprint on behalf of RATP. 
The real estate business is also driven by RATP Habitat, the Group’s social real estate subsidiary (not 
consolidated in the financial statements). 
RATP Habitat, created in 1959, builds, rehabilitates and manages a portfolio of housing, shops and 
residences in Île-de-France. The portfolio accommodates RATP employees as well as housing for local 
authorities, the French State and other reservists such as Action Logement. 
RATP Habitat offers a complete and diversified range of housing: 
• 
 family, collective or individual social rentals; 
• 
 residences for students, young workers, or dedicated to specific audiences; 
• 
 intermediate rental, via its subsidiary RATP Habitat Intermédiaire; and 
• 
 property acquisition at controlled prices, through its RATP. 
 
Habitat Accession subsidiary. 
With regard to telecommunications, the business unit relies on RATP Connect, a subsidiary specialising in 
the deployment of dark fibre. Fibre is deployed in metro and RER tunnels with a view to leasing it to 
telecom operators, insurance companies, major public accounts and SMEs. The network features some 
170,000 kilometers of fibre. Telcité NAO is the subsidiary of RATP Connect carrying the contract for the 
deployment of 3G/4G whose deployment was finalised on 24 May 2020. All metro and RER stations are 
now covered by 3G/4G.  
In the field of urban mobility, in 2017 RATP created RATP Capital Innovation (RATP CI), now wholly 
owned by RATP Participations. With capital of €30 million, this entity invests both directly in innovative 
companies and indirectly through carefully chosen investment funds whose themes match the Group’s core 
focus areas of innovation and development (new mobility, smart city). RATP CI has been a shareholder of 
Communauto, Klaxit, Cityscoot, Zenpark and Vianova since the end of 2020.  
 
Services division 
The division is structured around three subsidiaries. RATP Smart Systems, specialised in the development 
of mobility assistance services, was created to promote its know-how in the field of intelligent 
transportation systems (ITS) and MaaS and support RATP Group in these areas, both in France and 
internationally.

--- Page 77 ---
-70- 
 
It designs, integrates, operates and maintains ticketing, multimodal information and operating support 
systems. The company also manages the ticketing system for Paris and its suburbs, which is the world’s 
largest multimodal network with 12 million trips taken each day on its metros, buses, trams and RER. Via 
its subsidiaries Ixxi Techside, Navocap and Setim, RATP Smart Systems also operates in Bordeaux, 
Toulouse, Saint-Étienne and Mexico City. 
At the end of 2020, the subsidiary Mappy joined the scope of RATP Smart Systems, as part of the Group’s 
development of MaaS. RATP Group is thus broadening its field of expertise by becoming the third-largest 
player in everyday mobility in France after Google Maps and Waze. RATP Group and Mappy digital 
services propose door-to-door journeys for users, combining several modes of transport. It is now a question 
of combining services in the same application and including the ability to book and pay for journeys directly 
from a mobile phone. 
The package must therefore offer new products for customers: 
• 
in Île-de-France: a complete map of the region, a pedestrian and bicycle GPS, and addresses of 
professionals “around me”; 
• 
across the country: integration of new partners into the Mappy multimodal comparator and roll-
out of combined car, park-and-ride and public transport facilities offer to better meet regional 
environmental and accessibility challenges; 
• 
for public transport authorities and local authorities: a turnkey RATP Smart Systems MaaS 
application. The mobility solutions that will appear will be tailored to each region’s characteristics.  
 
RATP Travel Retail is the subsidiary in charge of marketing and managing urban spaces. It is mainly 
involved in the design, planning, letting and management of retail space within the RATP EPIC’s metro 
and rail network. 
 
RATP Maintenance Services, previously held by RATP Dev, was the subject of an intra-group disposal at 
31 December 2020. RATP Maintenance Services is a player in multi-technical maintenance, both in the 
historical segment of elevators and escalators, as well as in building and personal safety installation and 
maintenance contracts for airports, public customers (local authorities, hospitals) and private customers 
(large housing developments).  
 
RATP Paris Région/RATP Cap Île-de-France  
RATP Paris Région was formed in response to the need for a new organisational structure to take part in 
calls for tender in RATP’s home region (Paris and the inner suburbs).  
If it wins a call for tender, a specific subsidiary is set up, at the request of the organising authority, Île-de-
France Mobilités, to operate the transport network. RATP Paris Région may hold RATP Group’s shares in 
these specific subsidiaries. 
RATP Paris Région becomes “RATP Cap Île-de-France” in February 2021 with the arrival of the 
management team that will be in charge of preparing the first calls for tender conducted by Île-de-France 
Mobilités. 
 
RATP Coopération and its equity investments 
RATP Coopération is the holding company for the Group4s above-mentioned minority equity investments 
(Systra, Wizway and Metrolab). It also provides technical support for public authorities managing public 
transport networks in countries where RATP Group does not have a permanent establishment, particularly 
in Africa. 
Systra is an equity investment of RATP, 43.4% held via RATP Coopération. Systra is a consulting and 
engineering group and a world leader in transport infrastructure design. Active in more than 80 countries 
through subsidiaries, branches or contracts, Systra is involved in the various phases of transport projects: 
from preliminary studies and conceptual design through to construction, testing and commissioning, 
operation and maintenance.

--- Page 78 ---
-71- 
 
CONFLICT OF INTEREST 
To the knowledge of RATP, there are no potential conflicts between any duties of the issuing entity of the 
members of the Conseil d’Administration of RATP and their private interests and/or other duties. 
 
MANAGEMENT 
The Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of RATP includes representatives of the French State, 
the Region, local authorities, staff and passengers, in addition to persons appointed as a result of their 
particular competence (Article 1 of Decree No. 84-276 of 13 April 1984). The Chairman and Chief 
Executive (Président Directeur Général) are appointed by a Decree of the Council of Ministers pursuant 
to a proposal by the Board of Directors. A government commissioner is a member of the Board to ensure 
that the general strategy and orientation of RATP conform to the Cahier des Charges and to state the 
Government's position on issues discussed. The French State's financial and economic control over RATP 
is carried out by the Mission de Contrôle Economique et Financier des Transports (a department of the 
Ministry of Planning, Equipment and Transport) created by the Decree of 26 May 1955.  
The composition of the Conseil d'Administration of RATP is as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Other significant mandates 
French State Representatives  
Suzanne 
KUCHAREKOVA-
MILKO 
General secretary of the APE 
None 
Nicolas FERRAND 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
of 
Solideo 
None 
Corrine FAU 
Member of the Executive Board 
of Enedis and Head of Finance, 
Purchasing and Insurance 
Member 
of 
the 
board 
of 
Directors and Audit Committee 
of LBF SA 
Laurent PICHARD 
Deputy Director of the Budget 
Department 
Director 
of 
SNCF 
Réseau, 
ADEME, SGP 
Emmanuelle GAY 
Regional and Interdepartmental 
manager 
of 
equipment 
and 
development IDF 
Board member of EPFIF, GPA, 
PAP,Solideo, Ports de Paris, 
APUR, IAU-SGP (sociéte du 
grand 
Paris)   
and 
EPAPS 
(as 
alternate 
member) 
Augustin DE ROMANET 
Chairman and CEO President of 
Aéroports de Paris 
Member 
of 
the 
board 
of 
Directors of TAV, SDA, SCOR 
and le cercle des économistes 
and  Chairman and Director of 
Média Aéroports de Paris and 
ACI 
Catherine GUILLOUARD 
Chairwoman 
and 
Chief 
Executive officer 
Member 
of 
the 
board 
of 
Directors of Engie and Airbus 
S.E. 
Pierre Alain ROCHE 
Chairman of the Mobility and 
Transport Section of the General 
Council for the environment and 
Sustainable Development 
None

--- Page 79 ---
-72- 
 
Marc GUILLAUME 
Préfet of the région Ile de France 
and Préfet de Paris 
None 
Didier TRUTT 
Independent Director, Chairman 
of the Board of Directors and 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
of 
Imprimerie nationale SA (IN 
GROUPE) 
Director and member of the CSR 
Committee of Française des 
Jeux (FDJ) 
Representatives, of socio-economic interest group 
Michèle BELLON 
Former president of ERDF 
Director of Athena Investments 
A/S, HF Company and Resolis 
Magali JOESSEL 
Director of the Investement Fund 
Societes de Projets Industriels 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors of Mersen, Yposkesi, 
Njfaval Energie 
Patrice RAULIN 
Former chairman of the Society 
Lyon-Turin Train and chairman 
of CMTTT 
Director of HH Gestion, Collia 
and Mouvement d’Aide au 
Logement. 
Bruno ANGLES 
President of Credit Suisse France 
and Belgium 
Member of the advisory panel of 
MEIF 
Passenger Representatives of public transport customers 
Stéphane BERNARDELLI 
National  Union of Family 
Associations (UNAF) 
Director of UNAF, CSER, 
CNAF, 
CNAMTS 
and 
consultative 
committee 
of 
SNCF’s users 
Michel BABUT 
National  Union of Family 
Associations (UNAF) 
None 
Representatives elected by the employees 
Claire JEUNET-MANCY 
CFE-CGC 
Member 
of 
the 
board 
of 
Directors of RATP Travel Retail 
Fatma BENBOUZANE 
Rassemblement union member 
Member 
of 
the 
board 
of 
Directors 
of 
the 
RATP 
Foundation 
Mohamed BOUZOURENE 
UNSA 
Member 
of 
the 
board 
of 
Directors  of RATP Habitat 
Laurence DE WILDE-GHIKH 
UNSA 
Member 
of 
the 
board 
of 
Directors of RATP Foundation 
Hervé TECHER 
SUD 
Member 
of 
the 
board 
of 
Directors of RATP Connect 
Arole LAMASSE 
UNSA 
Member 
of 
the 
board 
of 
Directors of Real Estate 
Gaelle PEDRAZA 
CGT  
Member of the board of RATP 
Habitat 
Gilles ROUE 
CGT 
Member 
of 
the 
board 
of 
Directors of Real Estate

--- Page 80 ---
-73- 
 
Abdelmalek HACHEMI 
Rassemblement union member 
Member 
of 
the 
board 
of 
Directors of RATP Connect 
The contact address of the members of the Management is the same as that of the Issuer.

--- Page 81 ---
-74- 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Press release dated 12 March 2021: RATP Group 2020 results: An unprecedented mobilisation for 
RATP Group over a year marked by the health crisis 
 
Highlights of the financial year 
 ●  Passenger traffic in the Île-de-France region was historically down 43% with 1,901 million journeys, 
due to the impact of the health measures in response to the pandemic (lockdowns and curfews among 
others) and to the industrial action in January 2020. Traffic drastically dropped on the networks 
operated by RATP Dev both in France and abroad.  
● Activities were slowed down by successive crises (strikes, Covid-19). The health crisis’ impact on 
turnover amounted to -€414 million. The Group's consolidated turnover reached €5,523 million, 
down 3,2% compared to 2019. 
●  An unprecedented mobilisation for the Group in order to reduce the impact of the crisis: the Covid-
19 crisis strongly affected the 2020 results, with an impact of -€352m on operating income (EBIT), 
-€356m on the Group share of net income, and +€338m in consolidated net debt. The cost-cutting 
plans initiated by the Group entities allowed to cushion the impact on the results, with: 
○ An operating income (EBIT) of €99m, or 1.8 % of turnover, compared to 5.6 % at the end 
of 2019; 
○ The Group share of recurring net income fell by €134m, or -2.4 % of turnover, compared to 
2.3 % in 2019; 
○ Net debt of €5,544m at the end of 2020, up 7% compared to 2019, due to the combined 
impact of the pandemic and the strikes in winter 2019/2020. 
●  Despite the difficulties linked to the spring 2020 lockdown, RATP remained strongly mobilised to 
pursue its ambitious investment programme in the Île-de-France region, with the support of Île-de-
France Mobilités: investment in the Île-de-France region reached a historical high with €2.2 billion 
in 2020 (including investments made on behalf of the SGP), representing growth of 3.4% compared 
to 2019. Over the period of the 2016-2020 operating contract, RATP has invested €8.4 billion, which 
is the entirety of the investment plan contracted with IDFM. Overall, RATP Group's consolidated 
gross investments continued to grow, increasing by €36m (+1.9%) compared to 2019, reaching 
€1.889bn. 
●  The Group pursued its transformation and reached several major milestones, such as the 
transformation and integration of the Surface network and Infrastructure Manager, the Mappy 
acquisition and the acceleration of the MaaS programme. 
●  RATP Group continued to work on its development, with the signing of contracts to operate the 
Cairo metro (line 3) and the Tuscany bus network. It also created the RATP Solutions Ville business 
unit, bringing together its expertise in real estate, connectivity, energy and urban logistics. 
●  Finally, the Group has created a new subsidiary, RATP Cap Île-de-France, to respond to future calls 
for tenders in the Île-de-France region. 
RATP Group’s Board of Directors, which convened on 12 March 2021 chaired by Chairwoman and Chief 
Executive Officer Catherine Guillouard, examined and approved RATP Group's consolidated financial 
statements and the EPIC's (state-owned industrial and commercial enterprise) corporate financial 
statements, as of 31 December 2020.  
 
On this occasion, Catherine Guillouard stated the following: “The unprecedented health crisis RATP 
are currently experiencing has weighed heavily on the 2020 Group results, with a negative impact of -
€414m on turnover and - €356m on the Group's share in net income, leading to a Group share in net profits 
of -€134m. However, I would also like to highlight the unfailing mobilisation of RATP Group's employees 
in 2020, which enabled us to ensure the continuity of a public service that is essential to the country's 
proper functioning and to resolutely pursue the major development and modernisation projects for the Île-

--- Page 82 ---
-75- 
 
de-France transport network, notably with the commissioning in December 2020 of the metro line 14 
extension to Mairie de Saint-Ouen. In this difficult period, RATP have also made steady progress in 
preparing RATP Group for the opening of its historic market to competition and accelerated RATP's 
development, with the signing of major contracts in Tuscany and Egypt and the launch of new activities at 
the service of cities. The great resilience that the company has shown in this difficult period makes me 
confident in RATP's ability to meet the major challenges that lie ahead: the opening up to competition in 
the Île-de-France region, RATP's development in France and abroad, the major conversion of RATP's 
industrial assets (Bus 2025, new workshops and new rail rolling stock) and the continuation of RATP's 
major metro and tram line extension projects for the benefit of Île-de-France residents.” 
 
Trends in RATP Group's key performance indicators  
 
 
 
The economic and health crises had a strong impact on the Group’s results: 
 
●  In 2020, the Group’s consolidated turnover reached €5.523bn, down €181m (-3,2 %) compared to 
2019.  
○ The net impact of the health crisis on the EPIC's turnover was -€259m. The -€900m shortfall 
in passenger revenue was absorbed to the tune of €751m, mainly through the contractual 
revenue risk-sharing mechanism with IDFM. The lockdowns also had a significant impact 
on secondary revenues (advertising, shops, Orlyval, fines, etc.), amounting to -€103m;  
○ Subsidiaries' turnover was down by €138m (-10.2%), including a -€27m currency effect. The 
change is mainly due to the impact of the Covid-19 crisis (-€155m), which conceals a good 
underlying dynamic (+€44m excluding the currency effect), driven by the full-year effect 
of the contracts won in France and the United States and the increase in contracts in the 
Middle East (Riyadh, Cairo), which more than offset the impact of the deconsolidations 
(Austin, Algiers metro).  
●  Despite the savings plans implemented in all of the Group's entities to limit the impact of the health 
crisis as much as possible (over €300m saved), the Group's results deteriorated in 2020:  
○ The operating profit (EBIT) stands at €99m, down €220m compared to 2019 (-69%):  
■ The EPIC's EBIT, reaching €181m, was down €108m, mainly due to the impact of the 
health crisis (-€251m), partly offset by the net effect of the strikes in December 2019

--- Page 83 ---
-76- 
 
and January 2020 (+€99m), by the continued productivity effort and by the 
implementation of a savings plan that contained the increase in expenses compared 
with the initial budget. Overall, the EPIC saved over €200 million compared with the 
initial budget, enabling RATP to absorb all the additional costs associated with the 
health crisis;  
■ the subsidiaries' contribution to the consolidated EBIT fell by €112 million, therefore 
amounting to €82 million. The pandemic had a negative impact of -€102m on the 
subsidiaries’ operating income, of which -€58m was due to the direct effects of the 
crisis on operations and other non-recurring factors (asset depreciation, restructuring 
costs, notably in the United Kingdom) and -€45m due to goodwill impairment in the 
sightseeing business, which was severely impacted by the fall in tourism. Overall, 
RATP Dev achieved savings of over €110m on its operating expenses, which partly 
offset the loss of revenue.  
○ The Group's share of net income amounted to -€134m, a decrease of -€265m compared to 
2019. The EPIC's net income was close to breakeven (-€21m), compared to €143m in 2019. 
The net result of the subsidiaries was -€113m, compared to -€12m in 2019.  
○ Consolidated net debt is up 7% (+€362m), to €5.544bn, mainly due to the major impacts of 
the health crisis (€338m) and the strike regarding the pension reform (€120m over 2020). 
The change relative to 2019 is explained by the deterioration in cash flow, down €156m 
therefore amounting to €858m, combined with the continued investment effort at a 
sustained rate (€974m of net investment using subsidies), an unfavourable change in 
working capital (refunds to subscribers following the strike, local CVAE tax refunds to Île-
de-France Mobilités) and a one-off increase in subsidy receivables.  
○ The net debt/equity ratio (gearing) thus stands at 1.20x, compared with 1.07x at the end of 
2019. Excluding the impact of the industrial action regarding the pension reform and the 
Covid-19 epidemic, gearing would have reached 1.08x at the end of 2020, ahead of the 
Challenges 2025 plan objectives for 2020 (1.1x).  
○ Despite the impact of the health crisis, RATP Group's financial fundamentals remain solid. 
This is evidenced by the ratings assigned by the Moody's (Aa2 with negative outlook) and 
FitchRatings (AA with negative outlook) agencies and the success of its bond issues 
between March and August 2020 (€174 million with a 5-year maturity, €480 million with 
a 30-year maturity and, for the first time, €200 million with a 60-year maturity), under very 
favourable financial conditions.  
 
A resilient Group facing the consequences of the Covid-19 pandemic on its activities in 2020 
 
1. 2020 was marked by a major challenge for the Group: to restore customers’ trust in public 
transport  
 
The health measures implemented to fight against the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic had a major impact 
on passenger traffic in the Île-de-France region, which fell by -43%, with 1,901 million journeys in 2020. 
The first lockdown had the strongest impact, with a -73% decrease in traffic compared to the 2nd quarter 
of 2019. Traffic improved in June, before falling again in October due to the curfew, and to the second 
lockdown (-35% in October and -59% in November):  
 
●  The rail network was the most impacted (-50% on the metro network and -47% on the RER network 
compared to 2019), with almost nonexistent traffic during the first lockdown and a slower recovery 
over the summer.  
●  The surface network recorded a more limited decrease (-33% on the bus network and -35% on the 
tram network compared to 2019), due to a positive modal shift during the January industrial action 
and a more favourable perception of the network during the health crisis.

--- Page 84 ---
-77- 
 
2.  An unprecedented collective mobilisation to ensure staff members and passengers’ peace of 
mind while working and travelling.  
 
The Group’s policy regarding maintenance, cleaning and disinfection was a priority this year, more than 
ever. The budget dedicated to cleanliness and disinfection on the network and health protection equipment 
(masks) was almost doubled in 2020 (from €97m in 2019 to €184m) and the teams dedicated to cleanliness 
on the network grew by +38% (from 1,300 to 1,800 staff members).  
Due to the health crisis, the Group quickly deployed a wide-reaching plan in the spring of 2020, aiming to 
ensure optimal protection of its customers during their journeys, and to provide safe working conditions for 
its staff members: enforced cleanliness and disinfection on all its vehicles, with the deployment of a 
disinfection procedure using fogging techniques (spraying virucidal disinfectant) in passenger spaces and 
professional sites, distribution of health protection kits to staff members, application of stickers to spur the 
respect of barrier measures, installation of hand sanitizer dispensers in stations, along other actions.  
In order to ensure the continuity of RATP's public service mission during this highly restrictive situation, 
RATP offered new alternative services to passengers to regulate flows and limit physical contact: electronic 
transport tickets (with the SMS Ticketing service for buses) and deployment of passenger crowd-sourcing 
on the RATP app to report on crowding on the lines.  
 
3.  A sustained investment dynamic, to the benefit of the Île-de-France residents  
 
●  Despite the crisis, RATP continued and amplified its investment efforts and carried out an 
unprecedented number of upgrading, extension and maintenance works on the network.  
●  RATP Group’s consolidated 2020 investments reached a total of €1,898m, with €1,805m from the 
RATP EPIC in the Île-de-France region, as part of its contract with Île-de-France Mobilités. Along 
with the €399m invested on behalf of the Société du Grand Paris, RATP’s investments in the Île-de-
France region reached €2.2bn in 2020, up 3.4% compared to 2019. 
●  Major investments were carried out for:  
○ network and infrastructure upgrading (€1,024m): MI2N (RER line A) and MI84 (RER line 
B) trains upgrading works, metro rolling stock renewal (MF19 programme), continuation 
of RER line A tracks renewal works (RVB), metro line 4 automation, metro line 6 
upgrading, bus depots’ conversion to electricity and NGV, purchase of 166 electric buses, 
among others.  
○ Metro and tram lines extension (€1,011m): commissioning of the extension of metro line 14 
to Mairie de St Ouen in December, extension of tram line T1 to Asnières and tram line T3B 
to Porte Dauphine, continuation of the extensions of metro lines 4, 11 and 12, extension of 
metro line 14 to the south on behalf of the Société du Grand Paris, among others.  
○ Station and passenger information upgrading (€169m) to improve service quality: station 
renovations (Auber, Vincennes and Charles de Gaulle - Étoile stations), creation of 
additional entrances, improved Passenger Information with information screens on metro 
line 4’s platform doors, new information screens on metro line 14, creation of the passenger 
crowding crowdsourcing feature on the RATP app, launch of a cleanliness trial using QR 
codes on metro lines 2 and 14, rolling out of new service information screens on RER line 
A (SYSPAD), finalisation of the 3G/4G coverage at stations, continuation of the 
Symphonie project to supervise station equipment, among other projects.  
4. A good subsidiary and shareholdings development dynamic in France and abroad  
 
RATP Dev kept up its development dynamic. It is now present in 14 countries, with 4 regional development 
offices.  
RATP Dev demonstrated unprecedented mobilisation during the crisis, and reached many development 
milestones in France and abroad:  
●  Ongoing development in France:

--- Page 85 ---
-78- 
 
○ Awarding of the Quimperlé network and of the contract for the Mantois area network as part 
of the opening up to competition of Optile;  
○ Creation of the Régionéo subsidiary with Getlink for the development of regional rail: 
preparation for the upcoming calls for tenders in the Grand Est and Hauts-de-France regions;  
○ Grand Paris Express: creation of a partnership with Singapore company ComfortDelGro 
Transit and Alstom to respond to calls for tenders for metro lines 16, 17 (ongoing) and 15 
(upcoming).  
●  Major successes abroad: ○ Signing of a contract for the operation and maintenance of the entire fleet 
of bus of the Tuscany region in Italy for 11 years (approximately 3,000 buses), which will come into 
effect once the Italian Council of State gives the green light;  
○ Signing of the “Cairo L3” contract in September 2020 for the operation and maintenance of 
Cairo metro line 3 (15km at the moment, 40km including planned extensions);  
○ Continued electrification of London buses (goal of 20% by the end of 2021).  
● Various innovations deployed:  
○ The Holostop technology (a world-first, with the installation of holographic stop buttons in 
some Île-de-France region buses);  
○ The Load Tracker (innovative solution predicting bus loads in real time, trialled in the Île-de 
France region);  
○ The Fraud Tracker (innovative tool to combat fraud, winner of the Netexplo Change 2020 
prize);  
○ Launch of an autonomous shuttle trial at Archamps. The health crisis had a limited impact 
on RATP Smart Systems’ development, which continued at a sustained pace (+40%), 
notably with the ramp-up of the MaaS programme and the acquisition of Mappy. 
Systra, which is held at 43.4% by RATP Group jointly with SNCF, is an engineering and consulting group 
and the global leader in transport infrastructure design, with 70% of its activities carried out abroad. Systra 
reported commendable commercial successes in 2020, with €726m in order intake in 2020, despite the 
health crisis, notably with the continuation of the HS2 Project in the United Kingdom and the Riyadh metro 
project, and the winning of new contracts (East line of the Montréal metro, high-speed line in Thailand). 
Its activities resisted well against the pandemic, despite works slowing down on site, and thanks to the 
generalisation of teleworking for design activities.  
 
5. The Group accelerated its innovation programmes during the crisis, with a focus on 
developing news forms of autonomous, clean and shared mobility.  
 
The company structured its innovation plan around a dozen technological clusters like Big Data, the Internet 
of Things (IOT) and artificial intelligence, among other things. In 2020, RATP Group progressed on the 
following topics:  
 
●  Programme Véhicules Autonomes: autonomous bus programme, extension of trials for autonomous 
shuttles, development of smart infrastructure with Paris2Connect, urban air mobility programme 
with Aéroports de Paris and Choose Paris Region. 
 ●  Clean mobility: 12 bus depots were converted or are in the process of being converted to biogas or 
electricity, out of a goal of 25 depots by 2025, air quality improvement programme in underground 
stations with industrial partners and startups.  
●  MaaS: integration of Mappy in RATP Smart Systems to accelerate the development of MaaS.

--- Page 86 ---
-79- 
 
Summary of press release published on 14 April 2021 in the French language : new contract between 
Ile-de-France Mobilites and RATP for the next four years increasing the total investments up to a 
total amount of EUR 21 billion  
 
The board of directors of Île-de-France Mobilités and the board of director of RATP have approved the 
new operating and investment contract relating to the network operated by RATP for the period 2021 - 
2024.  
The Organizing Authority and the public company have concluded an ambitious agreement, with a 25% 
increase in total investments and subsidies granted by Ile-de-France Mobilités multiplied by 4 up to an 
amount of EUR 800 million per year in order to continue to improve the quality of service offered to Ile-
de-France residents and the modernization of all networks operated by RATP in Île-de-France: 14 metro 
lines, 341 bus lines, 8 tram lines, and in the framework of a joint operation with SNCF:  the RER A and the 
RER B, the two busiest train lines in Europe.

--- Page 87 ---
-80- 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF SECURITIES 
TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN EU REGULATED MARKET 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MIFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC, 
as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MIFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes or [the/each] manufacturer's approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA dated 5 February 
2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in EU MIFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MIFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.5 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy 
statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
 
5  Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes by EU manufacturers, taking 
into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.

--- Page 88 ---
-81- 
 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]6 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is 
not "prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]7 
Final Terms dated [•] 
REGIE AUTONOME DES TRANSPORTS PARISIENS 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 7,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500K59E47ULNCAQ69 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 28 July 2021 [and the supplement to the base prospectus dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
may be amended from time to time) (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus[, the supplement[s] thereto] [and these Final Terms] [is] [are] available for viewing 
on the websites of the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) and the Issuer 
(https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-ratp/newsroom/corporate/publications-legales 
and 
https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-ratp/presentation-du-groupe/documents-de-reference). 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 28 July 2021 [and the supplement to the base 
prospectus dated [●]]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 28 July 2021 [and the supplement to the base 
prospectus dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 
base prospectus dated 28 July 2021 [and the supplement to the base prospectus dated [●]] and are attached 
hereto. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the base prospectus dated 28 July 2021 [and 
the supplement to the base prospectus dated [●] and [●]]. [The Base Prospectus, the base prospectus dated 
[●] [and the supplement to the base prospectus] and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the 
websites 
of 
the 
Autorité 
des 
marchés 
financiers 
(www.amf-france.org) 
and 
the 
Issuer 
 
6  Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes by UK manufacturers, taking 
into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance 
with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials") 
7  Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 89 ---
-82- 
 
(https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-ratp/newsroom/corporate/publications-legales 
and 
https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-ratp/presentation-du-groupe/documents-de-reference). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing final terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given 
as to whether such terms or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the 
need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
Issuer: 
Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens  
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[     ]  
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:  
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
earlier tranche] on [insert date/as from the date of 
assimilation which is expected to be on or about 40 
calendar 
days 
after 
the 
Issue 
Date 
(the 
"Consolidation Date") of this Tranche/as from the 
Issue Date of this Tranche] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] (In case of Dual Currency Notes, specify the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated and the 
currency in which principal and/or interest are 
payable) 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[     ] 
[(i)]  Series: 
[     ] 
[(ii)  Tranche: 
[     ]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible notes only, if applicable)] 
6.  
Specified Denominations: 8 
[     ] 
7. 
[(i)]  Issue Date: 
[     ]   
[(ii)] Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]   
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Fixed to Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
8 If an issue of Notes is (i) not admitted to trading on a EEA regulated market and (ii) only offered within the EEA in circumstances 
where a prospectus is not required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation the €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) minimum denomination is not required.

--- Page 90 ---
-83- 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par]  
[Dual Currency]  
[Partly Paid]  
[Instalment] 
[Other (specify)] 
11.  
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for convertibility of 
Notes into another interest or redemption/ payment 
basis] 
12.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put] 
[Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[     ] [and [     ], respectively]] 
[(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)]  
14.  
Method of distribution 
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year  
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[      ] per [     ] Specified Denomination 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[     ] per Specified Denomination, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual/365 / 
Actual/Actual-([ICMA]/ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/360 
/ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(vii) 
Determination Dates: 
[     ] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
([ICMA])) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ]

--- Page 91 ---
-84- 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination (give details)] 
(vi)  
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not  the 
[Calculation Agent]): 
[     ] 
(vii) 
Interest Period Date(s):  
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination - 
IBOR: 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[Not Applicable/specify dates]  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[     ] 
- 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[[     ] [TARGET2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date]] 
- 
Primary 
Source 
for 
Floating Rate: 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference Banks"] 
- 
Reference 
Banks 
(if 
Primary 
Source 
is 
"Reference Banks"): 
[Specify four] 
- 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the 
Benchmark - specify if not London] 
- 
Benchmark: 
[LIBOR, EURIBOR or other benchmark] 
- 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are 
to be given in respect of a transaction of a specified 
notional amount] 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period] 
- 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period] 
(ix)         Screen Rate Determination – 
SONIA: 
- "p": 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
- Calculation Method: 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[Lag 
Method/Observation 
Shift 
Method/Not 
Applicable] 
[+/-][     ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 92 ---
-85- 
 
(xi)  
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per annum/ 
0 as per Condition 5(i)] 
(xii)  
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual/365 / 
Actual/Actual-([ICMA]/ISDA) /  Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(ix) 
Rate Multiplier 
[     ] 
17.  
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[      ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual/365 / 
Actual/Actual-([ICMA]/ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/360 
/ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
18. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Interest Periods preceding 
the Switch Date (excluded): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 4.3, as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/[Condition 
4.4, as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in items [15/16] of these 
Final Terms 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Interest Periods following 
the Switch Date (included): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 4.3, as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/[Condition 
4.4, as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in items [15/16] of these 
Final Terms 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[    ] 
(vi) 
Minimum 
notice 
period 
required for notice from the 
Issuer: 
[[     ] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / [(for 
Automatic Change of Interest :) [    ]] [Not 
Applicable]] 
19. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange: 
[give details] 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent, if any, 
responsible for calculating the 
principal and/or interest due: 
[     ]

--- Page 93 ---
-86- 
 
(iii) 
Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[       ] 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / Actual/365 / 
Actual/Actual [ICMA/ISDA]) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20.  
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[     ] per Note of [     ] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[     ]  
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[     ]  
(iv) 
Option Exercise Dates: 
[     ] 
(v) 
Description 
of 
any 
other 
Issuer's option: 
[     ] 
(vi) 
Notice period: 
[     ] 
21.  
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[     ] per Note of [     ] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
Option Exercise Dates: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Description 
of 
any 
other 
Noteholder's option: 
[     ] 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[     ] 
22.  
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[[      ] per Note of [     ] Specified Denomination/other] 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note payable on 
redemption 
for 
taxation 
[     ]

--- Page 94 ---
-87- 
 
reasons or on event of default 
or other early redemption 
and/or 
the 
method 
of 
calculating 
the 
same 
(if 
required): 
(ii) 
Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons permitted on days 
other than Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Yes/No]  
 
(iii) 
Unmatured 
Coupons 
to 
become 
void 
upon 
early 
redemption 
(Bearer 
Notes 
only): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24.  
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) (Delete 
as appropriate) 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/Bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur)/ Registered dematerialised form (au 
nominative)] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/ [Applicable] (if Applicable give 
name and details. Note that a Registration Agent 
must be appointed in relation to Registered Notes 
only.) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive Materialised Notes on [•] (the "Exchange 
Date"), being 40 calendar days after the Issue Date 
subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate 
25. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which items 15(ii) and 
16(ii) relate] 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
27. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment 
is 
to 
be 
made 
and 
consequences (if any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
28. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes:  
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[     ] 
[     ]

--- Page 95 ---
-88- 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
(iv) 
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[     ] 
[     ] 
29. 
Representation 
of 
holders 
of 
Notes/Masse: 
Condition 10 applies. 
[The Representative shall be: [•]] 
 [The 
Representative 
will 
be 
entitled 
to 
a 
remuneration of [•] per year/The Representative will 
not be entitled to a remuneration] 
DISTRIBUTION 
30. 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
31. 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
32. 
Dealer's Commission: 
[    ] 
33. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA 
not applicable] 
34. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [●] has been extracted 
from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: 
 
………………………………………. 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 96 ---
-89- 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing:  
[Paris/other (specify)/None]  
(ii) 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [●] 
with effect from [●].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on [specify relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●]  
(iv) 
Regulated 
markets 
or 
equivalent markets on which to 
the knowledge of the Issuer, 
securities of the same class of 
the securities to be offered or 
admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings:  
The Notes to be issued [have been rated/are expected 
to be rated]:  
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]]  
[[Other]: [●]]  
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 9 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established 
in the European Economic Area and [has/have each] 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation"), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.]   
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established 
in the European Economic Area and [is/are] 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
established in the European Economic Area and 
 
9  It is important to liaise with the Issuer and/or the relevant credit rating agencies to determine (i) the specific legal entity which will 
issue the credit ratings, and (ii) the status of any application which has been made to the relevant competent authority by that entity. 
It is recommended that these enquiries are made at an early stage to allow sufficient time for the information to be obtained.

--- Page 97 ---
-90- 
 
[has/have] not applied for registration under the EU 
CRA Regulation.] 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency] has given to the Notes is endorsed by a credit 
agency which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
( 
the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
( 
the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 (The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)  
[The Notes are not rated.] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) Reasons for the offer 
[●] 
 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks will need 
to include those reasons here.)]  
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.)

--- Page 98 ---
-91- 
 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. ]  
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes and Dual Currency Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF 
EXCHANGE 
 
[Details of historic [●] rates can be obtained from [●] 
[BENCHMARKS 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
(as amended, the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable] 
[(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation)] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●]  
Common Code: 
[●] 
Depositaries:  
 
(a) Euroclear France to act as Common 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(a) Euroclear Bank and Clearstream Banking 
Société Anonyme to act as Common 
Depository:  
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
France, Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•] (give name(s) and 
number(s) and address(es))  
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):   
[●]

--- Page 99 ---
-92- 
 
8. 
GENERAL 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes has 
been translated into Euro at the rate of [●], 
producing a sum of (for Notes note denominated 
in Euro): 
[Not Applicable/Euro [●]]

--- Page 100 ---
-93- 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms of the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 28 July 2021 between the Issuer 
and the Permanent Dealers (together, as further supplemented or amended from time to time, (the "Dealer 
Agreement"), the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. 
However, the Issuer has reserved the right to issue Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers which are 
not Permanent Dealers. Such Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, 
at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for 
Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more 
Dealers. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as solicitation agents of the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer will pay each Dealer a commission as will be agreed between the Issuer and such Dealer in 
respect of Notes subscribed by it or whose subscription has been procured by it. The Issuer has agreed to 
reimburse BNP Paribas for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the update of the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of them by 
the Issuer or, in relation to itself and the Issuer only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than 10 
business days' notice. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. 
(i) 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MIFID II); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (as amended or superseded), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MIFID II; or  
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(ii) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  or

--- Page 101 ---
-94- 
 
 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and  
(ii) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer subscribing for or purchasing such Notes has agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent agree that: 
(i) 
No deposit taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: 
(a) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(b) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(1) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(2) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(iii) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities 
Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S"). 
Notes with a maturity of more than 12 months are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 calendar days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to 
the Issuer and each relevant Dealer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated 
basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and 
it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the 
meaning given to them by Regulation S.

--- Page 102 ---
-95- 
 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on  
Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase 
the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any 
person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United 
States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure 
without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of the its contents to any such U.S. person or other 
person within the United States, is prohibited. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act") and has agreed or will agree, as the case may be, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, or otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
a) it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to 
qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1o of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed in France to such 
qualified investors the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes; and  
b) Material Notes may only be issued outside of France. 
Belgium 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, each Dealer represents and 
agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to Belgian Consumers, 
and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, this 
Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to Belgian 
Consumers.  
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 
février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and any acting 
for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Switzerland  
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
under the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") as long as such offering is made to professional clients 
within the meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 
100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.. This Base Prospectus does not

--- Page 103 ---
-96- 
 
constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or 
in connection with the offering of the Notes.  
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 
289 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA. Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the 
SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or 
where such transfer to any person arises from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or 
an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be amended or supplemented in a Supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to 
the public of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer

--- Page 104 ---
-97- 
 
shall have responsibility therefor except as may result from a breach of its own obligations under the Dealer 
Agreement.

--- Page 105 ---
-98- 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application for approval 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, as competent authority under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and has received the approval no. 21-348 on 28 July 2021. The AMF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as 
an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus or the Issuer. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for 
twelve (12) months after the approval by the AMF, until 28 July 2021, provided that it is completed 
by one or more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following 
the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to 
the information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and 
the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading 
on such Regulated Market as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
2. 
Corporate authorisations  
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of 
France in connection with the update of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was 
authorised by a resolution of the Conseil d'Administration passed on 24 May 1995. On 14 April 
2021, the Conseil d'Administration authorised the issuance of Notes under the Programme in the 
year 2021.  
3. 
United States income tax laws 
Each Note with a maturity of more than 12 months and each Receipt, Coupon and Talon relating 
thereto will bear the following legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will 
be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code". 
4. 
Clearing Systems 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France 
and/or Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The 
address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France, the address of Euroclear 
is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream is 42 
avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. If the Notes are to be 
cleared through an addition or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
5. 
Documents on display 
The 
following 
documents 
can 
be 
inspected 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.ratp.fr/groupe-ratp/newsroom/corporate/publications-légales):  
(i) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other 
Regulated Market; and

--- Page 106 ---
-99- 
 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto and any document 
incorporated by reference, 
and the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the form of the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the forms of the Definitive Materialised Notes and the Coupons, 
Receipts and Talons in relation thereto) will be available for inspection at the specified offices of 
the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as Notes may 
be issued pursuant to, or are outstanding under, this Base Prospectus.  
The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
6. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have had 
in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's and/or the Group's financial position or 
profitability.  
7. 
No significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base 
Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance 
of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2020. 
8. 
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base 
Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2020. 
9. 
No material contracts 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base 
Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the 
Issuer's business which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect 
of the Notes being issued.  
10. 
Rating 
The Issuer is rated Aa2 (outlook negative) by Moody’s and AA (outlook negative) by Fitch. The 
Programme is rated Aa2 by Moody's and AA by Fitch.  
Moody's and S&P are credit rating agencies established in the European Economic Area and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit rating agencies. Neither 
Moody’s nor Fitch is established in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or are registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings of 
Moody's and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, 
the ratings issued by each of Moody's and Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
11. 
Statutory auditors 
KPMG Audit, a Department of KPMG S.A. and Mazars have audited and rendered an unqualified 
audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2020. They have also audited and rendered an unqualified audit opinion on the annual non-
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 107 ---
-100- 
 
KPMG Audit, a Department of KPMG S.A. and Mazars have audited and rendered an unqualified 
audit opinion (with an emphasis of matter) on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2019. They have also audited and rendered an unqualified audit 
opinion on the annual non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2019.  
The statutory auditors are registered with the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux 
Comptes (official statutory auditors’ representative body) and subject to the authority of the Haut 
Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes (French High Council of Statutory Auditors). 
12. 
Post-issuance information 
In respect of derivatives securities as defined in Article 20(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation 
2019/980, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the Issuer intends to provide post-issuance 
information concerning the underlying. If the Issuer intends to report such information, the Final 
Terms will specify what information will be reported and where such information can be obtained.  
13. 
Conflicts 
(i) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, 
in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. 
(ii) 
If any of the Dealers or their affiliates has a lending relationship with the Issuer, certain of 
those Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge, and certain other of those Dealers or their 
affiliates may hedge, their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
(iii) 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Tranche 
of Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary 
determinations and judgements that such calculation agent may make pursuant to the 
Terms and Conditions. 
14. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 calendar days after the date of 
the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) shall be 
conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
15. 
EU Benchmark Regulations  
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. In such a case, the relevant

--- Page 108 ---
-101- 
 
Final Terms in respect of such issuance of Floating Rate Notes will specify the relevant benchmark, 
the relevant administrator of such benchmark and whether such administrator appears on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority. 
16. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI) Code 
The Issuer's LEI Code is 969500K59E47ULNCAQ69.

--- Page 109 ---
-102- 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
1. 
Persons responsible for the Base Prospectus 
Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens, LAC C22, 54, quai de la Rapée, 75599 Paris Cedex 12, 
France. 
2. 
Declaration by persons responsible for the Base Prospectus 
The Issuer declare that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens 
LAC C22 
54, quai de la Rapée 
75599 Paris 
duly represented by Jean Yves LECLERCQ, Directeur Financier on 28 July 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "EU Prospectus Regulation").. 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible in accordance with EU Prospectus Regulation. 
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the 
Notes described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity 
to invest in such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 28 July 2021 and is valid until 28 July 2022 and shall during 
this period, in accordance with Article 23 of EU Prospectus Regulation, be completed by a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy. The Base 
Prospectus has obtained the following approval no. 21-348.

--- Page 110 ---
-103- 
 
NAME AND REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens 
LAC C22 
54, quai de la Rapée 
75599 Paris Cedex 12 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Paris 75009 
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores 
S.A. 
Calle de Ayala 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4,  
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
ARRANGER FOR THE PROGRAMME 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Paris 75009 
France

--- Page 111 ---
-104- 
 
INITIAL FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Euroclear France number 29106 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
AUDITORS 
KPMG Audit Department of 
KPMG SA 
Tour Eqho 
2, Avenue Gambetta 
92066 Paris La Défense 
France 
Mazars 
61 Rue Henri Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
in respect of French law 
To the Dealers 
in respect of French law 
Asafo & Co. 
63 Avenue des Champs-Élysées 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1, rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France

--- Page 112 ---
-105-