--- Page 1 ---
FINAL VERSION 
10292444439-v26 
- 1 - 
66-41080316 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. 
and 
REN FINANCE B.V. 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. ("REN") and REN 
Finance B.V. ("REN B.V." and together with REN, the "Issuers" and each an "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The Notes issued by REN B.V. will not be guaranteed by REN but 
REN B.V. has the benefit of the Keep Well Agreement executed by REN as more fully described herein under "Relationship of REN B.V. with REN". 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000, subject to 
increase as described herein. The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Summary of the Programme" and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the relevant Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes and relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the 
"EEA"). Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date hereof to be 
admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange Plc, trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"). Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a 
period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Programme provides that Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Lisbon ("Euronext Lisbon"). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further 
competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. Euronext Dublin's regulated market and Euronext 
Lisbon's regulated market are each regulated markets ("Regulated Markets") for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") on markets 
in financial instruments. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on Euronext Dublin 
or Euronext Lisbon. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid. Notes issued under the Programme by REN will have a maturity of 398 days or more. Notes issued under the Programme 
by REN B.V. will have a maturity of one year or more. 
Notes issued by REN will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form (forma escritural) ("Book-Entry Notes") and will be nominativas which means that 
Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa"), at the Issuer's (REN's) 
request, can ask the affiliate members of Interbolsa (the "Affiliate Members of Interbolsa") for information regarding the identity of the Noteholders and 
transmit such information to the Issuer. Book-Entry Notes will be registered by Interbolsa as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System of 
Registration of Securities (Central de Valores Mobiliários) ("CVM"). 
Notes issued by REN B.V. will be issued in bearer form (which may initially be in the form of a temporary global note, exchangeable for a permanent global 
note, which is exchangeable for definitive bearer Notes or a registered Note in definitive form in certain limited circumstances) or registered form (which may 
initially be in the form of registered global note, exchangeable for registered Notes in definitive form in certain limited circumstances) ("Non-Book-Entry 
Notes").The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes are described in "Form of the Notes, Clearing Systems, Exercise of Rights and 
Listing". 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA 
or offered to the public either in a Member State of the EEA or in the United Kingdom in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
EU Prospectus Regulation or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation") will be EUR 1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's") and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") has rated 
REN and the Programme (see page 12). Each of Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such, each of Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with such Regulation.  
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. If a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or 
not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the "EU CRA Regulation" will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
 
Arrangers 
 
Barclays 
 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento 
 
Dealers 
 
BBVA 
 
Banco BPI CaixaBank 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento 
 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
 
Haitong Bank 
ICBC Standard Bank 
 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
NatWest Markets 
 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus is dated 12 November 2024

--- Page 2 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 2 - 
66-41080316 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
REN B.V. as Issuer and REN in its capacities as Issuer and as Keep Well Provider each accept responsibility 
for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of REN and REN B.V. (the "Responsible Persons"), 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Non-Exempt Public Offers of Notes in the European Economic Area 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may, subject as provided below, be offered in any Member State of the EEA in circumstances 
where there is no exemption from the obligation under the EU Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus as a "Non-Exempt Public Offer". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that it permits Non-Exempt Public Offers of Notes in 
Ireland. In addition, the Issuers have requested the Central Bank of Ireland to provide a certificate of 
approval in accordance with Article 25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation (a "passport") in relation to the 
passporting of the Base Prospectus to the competent authority of Portugal (the "Host Member State" and, 
together with Ireland, each a "Public Offer Jurisdiction"). Even though the Issuers have passported the 
Base Prospectus into the Host Member State, it does not mean that either Issuer will choose to make any 
Non-Exempt Public Offer in the Host Member State. Investors should refer to the Final Terms for any issue 
of Notes to see whether the relevant Issuer has elected to make a Non-Exempt Public Offer of Notes in the 
Public Offer Jurisdictions and the period during which it intends to make such a Non-Exempt Public Offer 
in the Public Offer Jurisdictions. Any person making or intending to make a Non-Exempt Public Offer of 
Notes in a Public Offer Jurisdiction on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the consent 
of the Responsible Persons – see "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (Retail Cascades)" below. 
If after the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuers intend to add one or more Member States to the list of 
Non-Exempt Public Offer Jurisdictions for any purpose, they will prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus specifying such Member State(s) and any relevant additional information required by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Such supplement will also set out provisions relating to the consent of the 
Responsible Persons to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with any Non-Exempt Public Offer 
in any such additional Public Offer Jurisdiction. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of any Non-Exempt Public Offer of Notes in a Public Offer Jurisdiction, the Responsible 
Persons accept responsibility in that Public Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus in 
relation to any person (an "Investor") who purchases any Notes in a Non-Exempt Public Offer made by a 
Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period (as 
defined below). 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Responsible Persons have not authorised the making of 
any offer by any offeror or consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection 
with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Responsible 
Persons is unauthorised and neither the Responsible Persons nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee or 
any of the Dealers accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the 
persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-Exempt Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Non-Exempt Public Offer and, if so, who that person is.

--- Page 3 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 3 - 
66-41080316 
 
If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible 
for its contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
Common conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the consent of the Responsible Persons are (in addition to the conditions described in 
either sub-paragraph (a) (Specific Consent) or sub-paragraph (b) (General Consent) under "Consent" 
below) that such consent: 
i. 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes; 
ii. 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
iii. 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-Exempt Public Offers of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes in such of the Non-Exempt Public Offer Jurisdictions as are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Non-Exempt Public Offers occurring within 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
Specific Consent and General Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out above under "Common Conditions to Consent", each of the Responsible 
Persons consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-Exempt Public Offer of Notes 
in any Public Offer Jurisdiction by: 
(a) 
Specific Consent: 
(i) the Dealers specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
(iii) any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose 
name is published on the website of the Keep Well Provider (www.ren.pt) and identified as 
an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-Exempt Public Offer, and 
(b) 
General Consent: 
If General Consent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, any other financial 
intermediary which: 
(i) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II; and 
(ii) accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information 
in square brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the "Acceptance 
Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of 
relevant Notes] (the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final 
Terms") published by [REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A./REN Finance 
B.V.] (the "Issuer"). 
In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base 
Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in 
[insert name(s) of relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)] during the Offer Period in 
accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus), we 
accept the offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID II to make, 
and are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Non-Exempt Public Offer 
accordingly.

--- Page 4 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 4 - 
66-41080316 
 
Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such 
terms in the Base Prospectus." 
Any financial intermediary falling within sub-paragraph (b) above who wishes to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with a Non-Exempt Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant 
Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, to publish a duly completed Acceptance 
Statement on its website. 
Authorised Offerors 
The financial intermediaries referred to in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) and sub-paragraph (b) above 
are together referred to herein as the "Authorised Offerors". 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Notes 
Neither the Issuers nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee or any of the Dealers has any responsibility 
for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with 
applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law 
requirements in relation to such offer. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT 
PUBLIC OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF 
SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, 
EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. NEITHER OF THE ISSUERS WILL BE A 
PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE NON-EXEMPT PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN 
SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND 
THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF 
THE ISSUERS, THE TRUSTEE OR THE DEALERS HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY 
TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
IN THE EVENT OF AN OFFER BEING MADE BY A FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY, SUCH 
FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY WILL PROVIDE INFORMATION TO INVESTORS ON THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER AT THE TIME THE OFFER IS MADE. 
Non-Exempt Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Notes to be offered pursuant to a Non-Exempt Public Offer will be issued by the relevant Issuer at the Issue 
Price specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by such Issuer in 
consultation with the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the relevant Non-Exempt Public Offer and will 
depend, amongst other things, on the interest rate applicable to the Notes and prevailing market conditions 
at that time. The offer price of such Notes will be the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed 
between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Notes to such Investor. Neither of 
the Issuers will be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor 
will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror 
is offering the Notes to such Investor. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements hereto and with all documents 
which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") 
and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language so that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Non-Book-Entry Notes will be available from the registered office of 
REN B.V. and the specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (other than the Portuguese

--- Page 5 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 5 - 
66-41080316 
 
Paying Agent) and copies of Final Terms in relation to Book-Entry Notes will be available from the 
registered office of REN and the specified office set out below of the Portuguese Paying Agent. 
Green Bonds and/or Sustainability-Linked Notes  
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates makes any 
representation as to the suitability of the Notes to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required 
by any prospective investors. Neither the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective 
affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the projects related to Eligible 
Green Assets (as defined below), any verification of whether the projects related to Eligible Green Assets 
meet any such eligibility criteria or the monitoring or allocation of the use of proceeds.  
ISS Corporate Solutions, Inc. has issued an independent opinion, dated 8 November 2024, on REN's 
Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion 
provides an opinion on certain environmental considerations and is not intended to address any credit, 
market, or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement 
of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by any of the Arrangers, the 
Dealers, the Trustee, or any of their respective affiliates as to the suitability or reliability of the Second 
Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue 
of Notes issued as Green Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. The Second Party 
Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by any of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates to buy, sell or hold 
any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. The Second Party Opinion and any other 
such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion or any such other 
opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. REN's Integrated 
Sustainable Financing Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from 
any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework does not 
form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should refer to the Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework (as defined in "Use of Proceeds"), 
any Second Party Opinion and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuers in respect of the 
application of net proceeds (each of which are available on the Group's website (https://www.ren.pt/) and 
which for the avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) for 
information. Neither the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates make any 
representation as to the suitability or content of such materials. 
With respect to Notes described as "Sustainability-Linked Notes", none of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the 
Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates will verify or monitor if the Sustainability-Linked Notes satisfy 
the investors' requirements or standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics, nor the 
consistency of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) 
Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Condition, the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Target, the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage Target and the Scope 
3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Percentage Target (each as defined in the Conditions) with the 
investment requirements and expectation of any potential investor in the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
In connection with the issue of Notes described as "Sustainability-Linked Notes" under the Programme, 
REN has requested ISS Corporate Solutions, Inc. to issue a Second Party Opinion confirming the adherence 
of REN's Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles and 
Green Bond Principles administered by the International Capital Markets Association ("ICMA"). In 
addition, in connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, REN will 
engage an Assurance Provider (as defined in the Conditions) to carry out the relevant assessments required 
for the purposes of providing an Assurance Report in relation to the Sustainability-Linked Notes, pursuant 
to Condition 5.5 (Step Up Event) and Condition 5.6 (Redemption Premium Event) of the Notes. Each such 
Second Party Opinion or Assurance Report will be accessible through REN's website. However, any 
information on, or accessible through, REN's website and the information in such opinions or report or any

--- Page 6 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 6 - 
66-41080316 
 
past or future Assurance Report is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in 
connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Sustainability-Linked Notes to be 
issued under the Programme. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the suitability, reliability 
and relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such opinion, assurance or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Sustainability-
Linked Notes. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuers, the Arrangers, the Dealers, 
the Trustee or any of their affiliates, second party opinion providers or the Assurance Provider as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report, assurance or certification of any 
third party in connection with the offering of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such opinion, report, assurance or certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall 
it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Neither the Arrangers, the 
Dealers, the Trustee, the Issue and Paying Agent nor the Portuguese Paying Agent shall be obliged to 
monitor or inquire as to whether a Step Up Event or Redemption Premium Event has occurred or have any 
liability in respect thereof.  
Unauthorised information 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers, the Trustee or any of the Dealers to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, any of the 
Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part 
of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility 
for the acts or omissions of the Issuers or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the 
Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained herein is correct at any time subsequent to the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the 
prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuers since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuers during the life of the Programme, nor to advise any investor in the Notes of any information that 
may come to the attention of the Dealers and of the Trustee. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuers and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions". 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The 
Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Dealers, the 
Trustee or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have 
made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuers.

--- Page 7 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 7 - 
66-41080316 
 
None of Issuers, the Dealers or the Trustee represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to 
the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuers, the Dealers or the 
Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
The Netherlands, Belgium and Portugal), the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Singapore and Japan, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise none of the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates is deemed to be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 8 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 8 - 
66-41080316 
 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and the appropriate channels for distribution of the Notes. Any distributor 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise none of the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK law by virtue of EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.  
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section

--- Page 9 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 9 - 
66-41080316 
 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the "SFA"). 
If applicable, the relevant Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification 
to "relevant persons" (as defined in section 309A(1) of the SFA) in relation to each issue under the 
Programme about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(l)(a) and 
section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.  
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Programme Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may 
be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme Agreement as defined under "Subscription and 
Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, all references to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer 
to United States dollars; all references to "Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling; all references to 
"Japanese Yen" and "¥" refer to Japanese yen; all references to "Swiss francs" and "CHF" refer to Swiss 
francs; all references to "euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community (as amended). 
"Group" means REN and its subsidiaries, including REN B.V. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, EEA regulated investors may no longer be able 
to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may 
result in EEA regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any 
secondary market. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
REN includes certain Alternative Performance Measures, which are not required by or presented in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards, as established by the European Union 
("IFRS-EU"), in this Base Prospectus. It presents Alternative Performance Measures because it is believed 
that these metrics provide useful information for investors, securities analysts and other interested parties 
in order to better understand REN's business, financial position, profitability, results of operations, the 
quality of its loan portfolio, the amount of equity per share and their progression over time. Other companies 
in the industry may calculate similarly titled measures differently, such that disclosure of similarly titled 
measures by other companies may not be comparable with that of REN. Investors are advised to review 
these Alternative Performance Measures in conjunction with the Group's audited consolidated financial 
statements and accompanying notes which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Such 
measures should not be considered as a substitute to profit or loss attributable to REN or any other

--- Page 10 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 10 - 
66-41080316 
 
performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS-EU or as an alternative to cash flow from 
operating, investing and financing activities as a measure of REN's liquidity. For more information see 
"Alternative Performance Measures." 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements.  The words "anticipate", "believe", 
"expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", 
"continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  All statements 
other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations 
of REN are forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown 
risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause REN's actual results, performance or achievements, 
or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking 
statements.  These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding REN's 
present and future business strategies and the environment in which REN expects to operate in the future.  
Important factors that could cause REN's actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially 
from those in the forward-looking statements include, among other factors described in this Base 
Prospectus: 
• 
REN's ability to integrate its newly-acquired operations and any future expansion of its business; 
• 
REN's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future investments in  its existing 
operations and pending expansion and development projects; 
• 
REN's ability to obtain requisite governmental or regulatory approvals to undertake planned or 
proposed terminal development projects; 
• 
REN's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and 
future operations; 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which REN's and its 
customers operate; 
• 
changes in the competitive environment in which REN and its customers operate; 
• 
failure to comply with regulations applicable to REN's business; and 
• 
fluctuations in the currency exchange rates in the markets in which REN operates.   
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors".  Any forward-looking statements made by or 
on behalf of REN speak only as at the date they are made. Neither REN or REN B.V. undertakes to update 
forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 11 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 11 - 
66-41080316 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
 
General Overview of the Programme ......................................................................................................... 12 
Risk Factors ................................................................................................................................................ 23 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ...................................................................................................... 45 
Form of the Notes, Clearing Systems, Exercise of Rights and Listing ....................................................... 47 
Form of Final Terms – Minimum Denomination of less than EUR 100,000 ............................................. 53 
Form of Final Terms – Minimum Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 ................................................ 70 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ............................................................................................................ 84 
Use of Proceeds ........................................................................................................................................ 130 
Summary of Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework ..................................................................... 131 
Keep Well Agreement .............................................................................................................................. 134 
REN Finance B.V. .................................................................................................................................... 138 
REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. ................................................................................... 140 
Electricity Industry ................................................................................................................................... 146 
Management ............................................................................................................................................. 186 
Financial Statements of REN ................................................................................................................... 195 
Taxation .................................................................................................................................................... 198 
Subscription and Sale ............................................................................................................................... 208 
General Consent – The Authorised Offeror Terms .................................................................................. 214 
Alternative Performance Measures .......................................................................................................... 216 
General Information ................................................................................................................................. 222

--- Page 12 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 12 - 
66-41080316 
 
GENERAL OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings 
in this overview. 
The Issuer and the Keep Well Provider: 
Names of the Issuers: 
REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. ("REN") 
REN Finance B.V. ("REN B.V.") 
Domicile/ legal form/ 
legislation/ country 
of incorporation: 
REN is a listed company organised as a "Sociedade Gestora de Participações 
Sociais" and a "Sociedade Anónima" under the laws of the Portuguese Republic 
and domiciled in the Portuguese Republic. 
REN B.V. is a limited liability company (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law and domiciled in The 
Netherlands. 
Principal activities of 
the Issuers: 
REN's principal activities consist of the management of shareholdings in other 
companies which carry out activities in the areas of transmission of electricity, 
transmission and storage of natural gas, gases of renewable origin and low-
carbon gases and of reception, storage and regasification of liquefied natural 
gas and other related activities. Being a holding company ("Sociedade Gestora 
de Participações Sociais"), REN does not directly perform operational 
activities. 
The principal activity of REN B.V. is to assist REN and the Group in raising 
funds and on-lending monies to companies in the Group. 
Keep Well Provider: 
REN 
Description of the 
Keep Well 
Agreement: 
REN has entered into a Keep Well Agreement with REN B.V., pursuant to 
which REN has agreed that, for so long as REN B.V. has any Notes outstanding 
under the Programme, it will make available to REN B.V. funds sufficient to 
meet its payment obligations or repay borrowings then maturing to the extent 
that REN B.V.'s funds or other liquid assets are insufficient to meet its payment 
obligations or repay its borrowings. Under the terms of the Keep Well 
Agreement the Trustee may, on behalf of holders of any Notes issued by REN 
B.V. under the Programme, enforce REN B.V.'s rights under the Keep Well 
Agreement against REN. Noteholders do not have any direct rights against 
REN. The Keep Well Agreement is not a guarantee and REN has no obligation 
to pay any amounts due under the Notes issued by REN B.V. 
Major shareholders 
of the Issuers: 
State Grid International Development Limited, holding a stake representing 25 
per cent. of REN's share capital and Pontegadea Inversiones S.L., holding a 
stake representing 12 per cent. of REN's share capital are the most significant 
of REN's shareholders as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
REN B.V. is a wholly owned subsidiary of REN.

--- Page 13 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 13 - 
66-41080316 
 
Ratings assigned to 
the Issuer(s) or their 
Debt Securities: 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, REN has a long-term debt rating of Baa2 
(stable outlook) from Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), BBB (stable outlook) 
from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's") and BBB 
(stable outlook) from Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). The Programme 
has been rated Baa2 (stable outlook) by Moody's, BBB (stable outlook) by 
Standard & Poor's and BBB+ (stable outlook) by Fitch. 
 
Each of Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where 
a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered (or which has applied for 
registration and not been refused) under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) issued 
by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but will be 
endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency 
which is not established in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 14 - 
66-41080316 
 
Selected Key Financial Information of the Group: 
Consolidated Income Statement of the Group 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the Group's audited consolidated 
income statement for each of the two years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and the 
unaudited consolidated income statement for each of the six months periods ended 30 June 2024 and 
30 June 2023: 
Consolidated Income Statement of the Group 
Six months ended 30 
June 
 
Year ended 31 
December 
2024 
  
2023 
 
2023 
 
2022 
Unaudited 
 
Audited 
  
(thousands of Euro) 
 
(thousands of Euro) 
Sales 
364 
 
74  
179  
96 
Services rendered 
307,691 
 
327,010  
651,581  
588,130 
Revenue from construction of concession assets 
129,634 
 
108,674  
296,123  
197,420 
Gains from associates and joint ventures 
5,856 
 
7,025  
12,850  
11,812 
Other operating income 
19,240 
 
16,237  
30,446  
27,225 
Operating income 
462,785 
 
459,021  
991,179  
824,683 
Cost of goods sold 
-445 
 
-465  
-1,008  
-901 
Cost with construction of concession assets 
-
114,773 
 
-96,370  -267,810  
-175,095 
External supplies and services 
-46,480 
 
-50,459  -115,453  
-82,516 
Personnel costs 
-33,669 
 
-31,226  
-63,980  
-58,519 
Depreciation and amortisations 
-
126,463 
 
-125,765  -253,202  
-249,276 
Provisions 
-2 
 
-232  
-812  
-2,230 
Impairments 
793 
 
-189  
-3,472  
-1,437 
Other expenses 
-13,159 
 
-12,910  
-21,719  
-14,988 
Operating costs 
-
334,199 
 
-317,615  -727,456  
-584,962 
Operating results 
128,586 
 
141,406  
263,723  
239,721  
Financial costs 
-47,902 
 
-36,433  
-83,151  
-67,394 
Financial income 
10,924 
 
8,916  
29,656  
11,911 
Investment income – dividends 
11,999 
 
8,524  
10,018  
9,815 
Financial results 
-24,980 
 
-18,994  
-43,477  
-45,668 
Profit before income tax and ESEC 
103,605 
 
122,412  
220,246  
194,053  
Income tax expense 
-26,698 
 
-31,280  
-42,655  
-54,263 
Energy sector extraordinary contribution (ESEC) 
-28,310 
 
-28,101  
-28,356  
-28,019 
Net profit for the year 
48,597 
 
63,031  
149,236  
111,771 
Attributable to: 
 
 
  
  
 
Equity holders of the company 
48,597 
 
63,031  
149,236  
111,771 
Non-controlling interests 
- 
 
-  
-  
- 
Consolidated profit for the year 
48,597 
 
63,031  
149,236  
111,771 
Earnings per share (expressed in euro per share) 
0.07 
 
0.09  
0.22  
0.17

--- Page 15 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 15 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position of the Group 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the Group's audited consolidated 
statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and from the Group's 
unaudited consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2024: 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position of Group 
As at 30 June 
 
As at 31 December 
2024 
 
2023 
  
2022 
 
Unaudited 
 
Audited 
  
(thousands of Euro) 
ASSETS 
  
   
Non-current assets 
  
   
Property, plant and equipment 
119,834 
 
121,110  
127,816 
Goodwill 
2,497 
 
2,770  
4,515 
Intangible assets 
4,123,463 
 
4,120,617  
4,077,471 
Investments in associates and joint ventures 
176,658 
 
171,879  
180,770 
Investments in equity instruments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
136,233 
 
135,741  
145,715 
Derivative financial instruments 
39,838 
 
45,745  
80,564 
Other financial assets 
6,164 
 
6,164  
179 
Trade and other receivables 
140,065 
 
93,211  
55,666 
Deferred tax assets 
52,651 
 
53,437  
69,803 
 
4,797,403 
 
4,750,674  
4,742,499 
Current assets 
  
  
 
Inventories 
2,429 
 
7,193  
5,134 
Trade and other receivables 
519,724 
 
721,129  
327,764 
Current income tax recoverable 
2,575 
 
25,419  
10,671 
Derivative financial instruments 
11,844 
 
8,619  
236 
Asset related to the transitional gas price stabilisation 
regime - Decree-Law 84-D/2022 
213,904 
 
228,789  
1,000,000 
Cash and cash equivalents 
36,125 
 
40,145  
365,292 
 
786,602 
 
1,031,294  
1,709,097 
Total assets 
5,584,005 
 
5,781,968  
6,451,596 
EQUITY 
  
  
 
Shareholders' equity 
  
  
 
Share capital  
667,191 
 
667,191  
667,191 
Own shares  
-10,728 
 
-10,728  
-10,728 
Share premium  
116,809 
 
116,809  
116,809 
Reserves  
353,824 
 
356,691  
396,065 
Retained earnings  
285,355 
 
238,478  
241,987 
Other changes in equity  
-5,561 
 
-5,561  
-5,561 
Net profit for the period  
48,597 
 
149,236  
111,771

--- Page 16 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 16 - 
66-41080316 
 
Total equity  
1,455,488 
 
1,512,116  
1,517,534 
LIABILITIES 
  
  
  
Non-current liabilities 
  
  
 
Borrowings 
1,730,742 
 
2,022,701  
1,695,362 
Liability for retirement benefits and others 
76,966 
 
75,855  
64,939 
Derivative financial instruments 
41,875 
 
52,006  
73,464 
Provisions 
9,801 
 
10,016  
10,576 
Trade and other payables  
469,355 
 
480,077  
450,297 
Deferred tax liabilities 
107,513 
 
107,905  
115,064 
 
2,436,252 
 
2,748,560  
2,409,702 
Current liabilities 
  
  
  
Borrowings 
940,275 
 
710,941  
638,944 
Trade and other payables 
528,666 
 
572,961  
885,416 
Income tax payable 
- 
 
-  
- 
Liability related to the transitional gas price 
stabilisation regime - Decree-Law 84-D/2022 
213,904 
 
228,789  
1,000,000 
Derivative financial instruments 
9,420 
 
8,601  
- 
 
1,692,265 
 
1,521,292  
2,524,360 
Total liabilities 
4,128,517 
 
4,269,852  
4,934,062 
Total equity and liabilities 
5,584,005 
 
5,781,968  
6,451,596 
 
 
Selected Key Financial Information of REN B.V.: 
Statement of Financial Position of REN B.V. 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from REN B.V's audited statement for 
financial position as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022: 
Statement of Financial Position of REN B.V. 
Audited 
information 
 
Audited 
information 
As at 31 December 
2023 
 As at 31 December  
2022 
(thousands of euro) 
 
(thousands of euro) 
ASSETS 
Non-current assets........................................................................................ 
1,134,297 
 
1,145,711 
Current assets.............................................................................................. 
229,691 
 
771,777 
Total assets................................................................................................. 
1,363,988 
 
1,917,488 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
Shareholder's equity..................................................................................... 
212,142 
 
202,033 
Total Shareholder's equity........................................................................ 
212,142 
 
202,033 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Non-current liabilities................................................................................... 
1,132,864 
 
1,143,725 
Current liabilities.......................................................................................... 
18,982 
 
571,731 
Total liabilities............................................................................................ 
1,151,846 
 
1,715,456

--- Page 17 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 17 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
Total Shareholders' equity and liabilities................................................ 
1,363,988 
 
1,917,488 
 
 
Statement of Cash flows of REN B.V. 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from REN B.V.'s audited statement of cash 
flows for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022: 
 
Statement of cash flows of REN B.V.  
 
Audited 
information Year  
ended 31 
December 
2023 
Audited 
information Year 
ended 31 
December 2022 
(thousands of euro) 
(thousands of euro) 
Net cash generated by (used in) operating 
activities 
19,418 
9,296 
Net cash used in investing activities 
550,418 
96,847 
Net cash generated by financing activities 
-569,849 
-106,198 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents..................................................... 
-13 
-55 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of 
the period 
248 
303 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the 
period............................................................. 
235 
248 
 
 
The Programme and the Notes 
Programme size: 
€5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. 
The Issuers may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited. 
Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.  
Issue and Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Portuguese Paying Agent: 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
Arrangers and Dealers: 
Arrangers: Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and Caixa – Banco de 
Investimento, S.A. 
Dealers: Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco BPI, S.A., 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays 
Bank Ireland PLC, BNP PARIBAS, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A., Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Haitong Bank, 
S.A., ICBC Standard Bank Plc, ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan SE 
and NatWest Markets N.V. 
There are no interests material to any issuance of Notes under the 
Programme, save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s) acting as 
underwriters of issuances of Notes. Any Dealer and its affiliates may 
also have engaged and may in the future engage in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may

--- Page 18 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 18 - 
66-41080316 
 
perform other services for, the Issuers and their affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. 
Type and class of Notes: 
Issuance in Series 
Notes are issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and 
the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in 
respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. 
 
Forms of Notes 
 
Non-Book-Entry Notes 
 
Bearer Notes: 
 
Notes issued by REN B.V. may be issued in bearer form. 
 
Notes in bearer form may initially either be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, 
or in the form of a Permanent Global Note, which is exchangeable 
for definitive bearer Notes or a registered Note in definitive form in 
certain limited circumstances. 
 
Temporary Global Notes may also be issued which are 
exchangeable for definitive bearer Notes and/or registered Notes on 
or after a specified date. 
 
Bearer Notes in definitive form will, if interest bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, where the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons for further Coupons. 
 
Each Bearer Global Note will be issued in either "Classic Global 
Note" (or "CGN") form or in "New Global Note" (or "NGN") form. 
CGN Notes will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date 
with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV 
("Euroclear") 
and/or 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and NGN Notes will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
Notes issued by REN B.V. may be issued in registered form. 
 
Notes may initially be in the form of a Registered Global Note, 
registered in the name of (i) a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and such Notes will be 
exchangeable for registered Notes in definitive form in certain 
limited circumstances. 
 
Each Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
may or may not be held under the new safekeeping structure ("New 
Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"). Notes that are not held under 
NSS will be registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and the relevant Registered Global

--- Page 19 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 19 - 
66-41080316 
 
Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary. Notes that are held under the NSS, will be registered in 
the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Registered 
Global Note will be deposited on or around the issue date with the 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and/or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
 
Book-Entry Notes 
 
Notes issued by REN will be issued in dematerialised book-entry 
form (forma escritural). 
 
Such Notes will be nominativas (which means that Interbolsa, at the 
Issuer's request, can ask the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for 
information regarding the identity of the Noteholders and transmit 
such information to the Issuer). Form and title to the Book-Entry 
Notes will be evidenced by book entries. 
Currency: 
With the exception of Book-Entry Notes, Notes may be 
denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue of such Series of Notes 
(the "Specified Currency"); and the Book-Entry Notes will be 
denominated in euro or such other currency as can be settled through 
Interbolsa, in all cases subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity of not less than 398 days in the case of Notes issued 
by REN and any maturity of not less than one year in the case of 
Notes issued by REN B.V., in each case, subject, in relation to 
specific currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. Notes issued under the 
Programme will have a maximum maturity of 50 years. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such higher Redemption 
Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders 
to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted if the relevant Issuer has paid or 
will become obliged to pay certain additional amounts in respect of 
the Notes as a result of any change in the tax laws of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction. 
The rights attached to the Notes: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the 
applicable Final Terms of each Series of Notes, describe the rights 
attaching to the Notes. Such rights include: 
Interest: The terms of the relevant Series of Notes will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
the issue of such Series of Notes. 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate based upon 
EURIBOR or SONIA. In respect of each Tranche of Notes, the date 
from which interest becomes payable and the due dates for interest, 
the maturity date the repayment procedures and an indication of 
yield will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 20 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 20 - 
66-41080316 
 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark specified in the applicable Final Terms, then 
such rate of interest may be substituted (subject to certain 
conditions) with a successor or alternative rate (with consequent 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the application 
of an adjustment spread (which could be positive, negative or zero)) 
as described in Condition 5.2(F) (Benchmark Discontinuation).  
 
Taxation: All payments in respect of Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by the 
relevant Issuer's country of incorporation. In the event that any such 
deduction is made, the relevant Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
 
Negative Pledge: The terms of the Notes will contain a negative 
pledge provision which restricts the right of the Issuers to create or 
have outstanding any mortgage, lien, pledge or other charge or to 
otherwise secure any obligations (subject to certain conditions and 
exceptions) over the whole or any part of their assets whilst any 
Notes remain outstanding. 
 
Events of Default: The terms of the Notes will contain Events of 
Default including those relating to (i) non-payment, (ii) breach of 
other obligations, (iii) cross default subject to a threshold of EUR 
40,000,000, (iv) winding-up, (v) cessation of business, (vi) 
insolvency, (vii) enforcement proceedings, (viii) unlawful 
compliance with terms of the notes, (ix) expiry of consents, (x) 
suspension of concessions awarded to REN, (xi) assignment of 
assets to third parties, (xii) REN's loss of control of certain 
subsidiaries, (xiii) any event occurs which, under the laws of the 
Republic of Portugal or, in the case of Notes issued by REN B.V., 
Dutch law, has or may have, an analogous effect to any of the events 
referred to in (iv) to (vii) above, and (xiv) cessation or non-
enforceability of the Keep Well Agreement. The provisions include 
certain minimum thresholds and grace periods. In addition, Trustee 
certification that certain events would be materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders of Non-Book-Entry Notes is 
required before certain events will be deemed to constitute Events 
of Default. 
 
Meetings: The conditions of the Notes will contain provisions for 
calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of the Issuers' negative pledge below) 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding. 
Transferability: 
The Issuers and the Dealers have agreed restrictions on offers, sales 
and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material 
in the United States of America, the European Economic Area

--- Page 21 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 21 - 
66-41080316 
 
(including Belgium, Portugal and The Netherlands), in Japan, in the 
United Kingdom, Switzerland and in Singapore. 
Admission to trading: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted during the period of 12 months after the date 
hereof to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"), and 
application may be made for the Notes to be admitted during the 
period of 12 months after the date hereof to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Lisbon, in each case with effect from the issue 
date of the relevant Notes. The Programme also permits Notes to be 
issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system or to be admitted to trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Governing law: 
The Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Agency Agreement, 
the Keep Well Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Agency 
Agreement, the Keep Well Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and 
the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law. 
With respect to Book-Entry Notes only, the form (representação 
formal) and transfer of the Book-Entry Notes, creation of security 
(if any) over the Book-Entry Notes, the Interbolsa procedures for 
the exercise of rights under the Book-Entry Notes and the 
procedures for meetings of Book-Entry Noteholders are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. 
Issue price and other offer terms: 
Notes may be issued at any price as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
The terms and conditions of any Authorised Offer shall be published 
by the relevant Authorised Offeror on its website at the relevant 
time. 
Use of proceeds: 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes issued 
by REN will be applied by REN for its general corporate purposes 
or to finance or refinance Eligible Green Assets (in which case the 
Notes will be identified as "Green Bonds" in their title and in the 
applicable Final Terms). If, in respect of a particular issue, there is 
a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
The proceeds of Notes issued by REN B.V. will be on-lent to, or 
invested in, Group companies. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes: 
 
 
The Issuers may issue Sustainability-Linked Notes, where the 
interest rate is subject to upward adjustment in the case of Step Up 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the amount payable on 
redemption shall include any Redemption Premium Amount(s) in 
the case of Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes, in 
each case, in certain circumstances specified in the Conditions of 
the Notes and the relevant Final Terms. See Condition 5.5 (Step Up

--- Page 22 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 22 - 
66-41080316 
 
Event) and Condition 5.6 (Redemption Premium Event) of the 
Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 23 - 
66-41080316 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuers believe that the following specific factors may have a material effect on each Issuer's business, 
financial condition and results of operations, affecting their ability to fulfil their respective obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuers, the industries in which each of them 
operates and the Notes summarised in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Summary" are the risks 
that the Issuers believe to be the most relevant to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to 
consider an investment in the Notes. However, as the risks which the Issuers face relate to events and 
depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future, prospective investors should consider 
not only the information on the key risks summarised in the section of this Base Prospectus headed 
"Summary" but also, among other things, the risks and uncertainties described below. 
The Issuers believe that the factors described below represent a limited selection of specific risks which the 
Issuers consider to be of most relevance to investors when making a decision to invest in Notes issued under 
the Programme. However, the inability of the Issuers to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by 
the Issuers based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to 
anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Introduction 
The risk factors set out below are applicable to REN B.V. as Issuer and as a member of the Group, and to 
REN as Issuer, holding company of the Group, and (if relevant) the Keep Well Provider. The risk factors 
have been organised into the following categories: 
• 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework of REN; 
• 
Risks related to the financial activities of REN; 
• 
Risks related to the business and industry of REN; 
• 
Risks related to the operational activities of REN; 
• 
Risks related to recent acquisitions and investments; 
• 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; and 
• 
Risks relating to certain terms of the Notes. 
Within each category, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuers, are set out first. The Issuers 
have assessed the materiality of the risk factors by calculating the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any category 
of risk is more material than any other category. Prospective investors should read the detailed information 
set out in this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference herein), in conjunction 
with each of the risk factors described below, and reach their own views prior to making an investment 
decision. 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework of REN 
REN is highly regulated and its results of operations are affected by Portuguese and European laws and 
regulations 
As public service providers, REN companies operate in a highly regulated environment. Laws, regulations 
and policies, as well as decisions of the European Union (the "EU"), the Portuguese Government and the

--- Page 24 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 24 - 
66-41080316 
 
Portuguese administrative and regulatory authorities have a material effect on REN's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. REN cannot predict to what extent technical, administrative and 
regulatory changes will be made in the future or, if any such changes are made, the effects these changes 
would have on its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, policies adopted and 
regulatory innovation implemented in other EU countries could also have an influence in the Portuguese 
framework applicable to REN. 
Some REN companies are subject to public procurement rules when entering into supply, works and 
services agreements. Public procurement rules may be subject to administrative and regulatory changes 
(which may also result from the development of case law or newly approved EU law) and whilst these 
companies believe that they comply with such legislation, if any such changes are made, this may affect 
REN's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, REN's electricity and gas businesses' ten-year development plan and the five-year development 
plan of REN Portgás Distribuição, S.A. ("REN Portgás") (which operates under a forty-year concession 
the natural gas, gases of renewable origin and low-carbon gases distribution network in the coastal region 
of Northern Portugal) are subject to Entidade Reguladora dos Serviços Energéticos' ("ERSE") evaluation, 
the strategic environmental impact assessment, and the discussion in the Portuguese Parliament and final 
approval by the member of the Portuguese Government responsible for the energy sector; the development 
plan of the electricity grid may also be subject to the opinion of the EU Agency for the Cooperation of 
Energy Regulators; the licensing of REN's main network and infrastructure expansion projects is subject to 
environmental impact assessment by the Agência Portuguesa do Ambiente ("APA"); and proposed grid 
development projects to the electricity and gas infrastructure managed by REN are subject to final 
evaluation on an administrative and licensing perspective, by the Director General for Energy and Geology 
(Direcção Geral de Energia e Geologia) ("DGEG"). If REN is unable to obtain the required approvals, it 
may not be able to expand or maintain its transmission and distribution network, which impacts its regulated 
asset base ("RAB") and may affect the quality of its service. 
As operators of the Portuguese National Mainland Electricity Transmission Network (the "RNT") and of 
the Portuguese national high pressure gas transportation network (the "RNTG") under the relevant 
Portuguese and European regulations, REN – Rede Eléctrica Nacional, S.A. ("REN Rede Eléctrica") and 
REN Gasodutos, S.A. ("REN Gasodutos") have undergone a process of certification by ERSE, with 
consultation by the European Commission, to be an "OU operator" (ownership unbundling operator). As 
OU operators, both REN Rede Eléctrica and REN Gasodutos must comply with separation rules and 
maintain legal and actual independence in conducting the business from generation and supplying 
electricity and gas activities. In this context, the relevant authorities may impose any conditions that they 
deem necessary to ensure the required separation and the legal and actual independence for certification. 
On 9 September 2014, ERSE issued a decision regarding the certification of REN Rede Eléctrica and REN 
Gasodutos as electricity transmission and gas grid operators, respectively, under a full legal and ownership 
unbundling, subject to the satisfaction of a set of certification conditions aiming at granting the operators 
independence. Such conditions were deemed satisfied by ERSE on 31 July 2015, as disclosed to the market 
by REN on 4 August 2015. 
On 17 July 2024, ERSE issued a decision regarding the certification of REN Armazenagem S.A. ("REN 
Armazenagem") as Storage System Operator. 
Although REN Portgás and REN Atlântico, Terminal de GNL, S.A. ("REN Atlântico") are not subject to 
the certification and ownership unbundling, these companies are subject to the variable unbundling 
requirements under the terms of the applicable laws or regulations (including decision-making unbundling). 
REN's current operation in the electricity and gas markets may be expanded by law or regulation, which 
will result in new functions to be performed by REN, in particular given REN's position as global system 
manager in the electricity market and global technical manager in the gas market (e.g., activities such as 
issuance of reserve or capacity access titles on the grid and contracting of network infrastructure or its 
reinforcements with promoters). This increase of functions may lead to new regulatory requirements having 
to be met by REN and, therefore, new regulatory risks. Nevertheless, there is a risk that these new functions 
may not result in an increase of the regulated remuneration, insofar as they do not lead to an adjustment of 
the regulatory parameters that govern REN's allowed revenues, such as the RAB, the rate of return or the 
allowed operational expenditure.

--- Page 25 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 25 - 
66-41080316 
 
Failure by REN or its subsidiaries to comply with such conditions in the future may result in materially 
adverse regulatory action, including termination of the relevant concession and it could therefore have a 
material and adverse effect on REN's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
REN's future profitability may be adversely affected by recent and future changes in the tariff and 
remuneration regime established by ERSE and by any other relevant law or regulation 
As required by EU law, namely Directive (EU) no. 2019/944, of 5 June 2019, and Directive (EU) 
2009/73/EC, of 13 July 2009, on the internal rules for the electricity and natural gas markets, Portugal has 
established an independent regulator, the ERSE to regulate the electricity and natural gas industries in 
Portugal. ERSE defines the remuneration that REN may receive within the scope of its regulated activities 
in these two regulated sectors, in accordance with the principles set out in the applicable laws, notably 
Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January, and Decree-Law no. 62/2020, of 28 August. These principles 
include transparency in the design and setting of tariffs, non-existence of cross subsidisation of activities 
and clients (preventing the use of income generated from the exercise of a given activity or from given 
clients to subsidising other activities or clients), cost reflective grid access tariffs and tariff additivity (which 
means that separate tariffs shall be set for each regulated activity and the final grid access tariff paid by 
clients shall correspond to the sum of the tariffs of the regulated activities the client benefits from), 
provision of economic signals to ensure an efficient use of grid and infrastructure, protection of clients 
regarding the evolution of tariffs while ensuring the economic and financial balance of regulated activities 
in conditions of efficient management, incentivisation of the efficient performance of regulated activities 
and promotion of energy efficiency and environmental standards. ERSE also sets out the operating service 
levels that REN is obliged to deliver. In attempting to achieve an appropriate balance between the interests 
of electricity and natural gas consumers, as well as the interests of REN and those of other participants in 
the energy sector while generating an appropriate remuneration, ERSE may take action that has an adverse 
impact on REN's profitability. Portugal could also pass laws or take other actions that could have a material 
impact on REN's business and profitability. 
 
The vast majority of revenues generated by REN relate to its electricity and gas activities, recovered by 
regulated tariffs. Tariffs are set annually by ERSE within the parameters of regulatory frameworks it 
establishes, which are revised every four years at the start of the regulatory period. The duration of 
regulatory periods may change by decision of ERSE. In addition, ERSE may also change tariffs or tariff 
parameters during the period of its effectiveness. 
On December 2021, ERSE set the parameters for the 2022-2025 electricity regulatory period. ERSE 
established a start point remuneration rate for the electricity transmission assets of 4.40 per cent. indexed 
to the average daily ten-year Portuguese Republic treasury bond yield, corresponding to an average yield 
of 0.302 per cent. This rate is calculated on a definitive basis on 30 September of each year, when the actual 
amounts of the index are known. 
Regarding the national gas sector, in May 2023, the parameters for the regulatory period between the years 
2024 and 2027 were set and established a starting point for the rate of return for high pressure gas 
infrastructure assets of 5.3 per cent. and 5.7 per cent. for medium and low pressure gas infrastructure assets, 
also indexed to the daily average ten-year Portuguese Republic treasury bond yield, corresponding to an 
average yield of 3.18 per cent. This rate is calculated on a definitive basis on 31 December of each year, 
when the actual levels of the index are fully known. Nevertheless, REN cannot ensure that ERSE will not 
materially modify the regulatory framework or set tariffs in a manner that could have a material adverse 
effect on REN's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, the amendments to the applicable laws or regulations may increase the situations where grid 
investments shall be paid by the grid users (e.g., generators or consumers) and not by REN. Such 
circumstance may lead to a non-increasing of the RAB and, consequently, a non-increasing of the regulated 
profits and tariffs. 
The tariffs REN receives for electricity transmission and for the gas regulated activities are based on a 
number of parameters, which may prove to be improperly defined 
According to ERSE's regulation currently in force, the main remuneration drivers of REN's regulated 
activities are the return on the RAB and the recovery of operational costs. For electricity transmission 
activity, this translates in a yearly averaged TOTEX (Total Expenditure, i.e. Capital Expenditure plus 
Operational Expenditure) for the regulatory period subjected to a set of rules as described in this Base

--- Page 26 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 26 - 
66-41080316 
 
Prospectus. The return on RAB is based on a rate of return ("RoR") defined at the beginning of each four-
year regulatory period and its yearly evolution is currently indexed to the ten-year Portuguese Republic 
bond yield. 
For more information on the new model, see "—REN's future profitability may be adversely affected by 
recent and future changes in the tariff and remuneration regime established by ERSE and by any other 
relevant law or regulation" above. 
If the parameters that influence REN's remuneration are not defined properly (if, for instance, overly 
demanding efficiency targets are set), REN's business, financial condition and results of operations could 
be materially and adversely affected. 
In addition, fluctuations in tariff deviations may adversely affect regulatory decisions and materially and 
adversely affect REN's credit metrics. 
The allowed revenues from REN's regulated activities are set annually by ERSE, considering several 
assumptions regarding REN's various remuneration drivers. These allowed revenues are charged to the 
users of the infrastructure and grids through tariffs, which are established considering REN's estimated 
annual allowed revenues and expected energy consumption. 
Since tariffs are calculated based on forecasts, deviations between the actual values and the values 
forecasted (e.g. costs and differences in demand) may occur. This gap between the amount actually received 
and the amount that should have been received (allowed revenues are recorded in the profit and loss 
statement regardless of the respective amount of cash received through invoicing) is called a "tariff 
deviation" and as a general rule is recovered or returned up to two years after it has occurred. The deviation 
is reflected in the financial statements of the year to which it refers as a receivable or a payable, as 
applicable. A tariff deviation stock increase means an increase in the amount that REN has pending to 
receive or to deliver to tariffs. This may lead to pressure on the regulator to defer revenue recovery in order 
to control tariff levels, in particular due to the imposition of a deferral of the amounts pending to be 
recovered by REN. If the tariff deviation stock increases due to insufficient cash collections, REN may be 
required to issue additional debt to cover its working capital needs, leading to increases in net debt and 
interest expense, which may negatively impact REN's credit ratings. If the tariff deviation stock decreases 
due to excess cash collection from the tariffs, REN's net debt may also decrease, which may positively 
impact credit ratings. 
However, in this situation, REN has to recognise deferred taxes, which may negatively impact cash flow 
and therefore also credit ratings. 
High tariff deviation fluctuations may lead to a significant deterioration of credit ratings, which in turn can 
materially adversely affect REN's credit rating and increase its borrowing costs. See "Risks related to the 
business and industry of REN – REN may be affected by downgrades in its credit rating". 
Moreover, REN, in its capacity as manager of the gas and electricity systems, may be obliged to make 
payments to other stakeholders in the system. Repayment of such amounts will be typically reflected in the 
tariffs to be charged to the end-consumers. Enacting of such mechanisms and timings for the effective 
payment depends on a decision by ERSE or the Portuguese Government. 
Finally, a part of REN's remuneration may be recovered, as a government decision, from specific sources 
like governmental set funds and not recovered directly from tariffs, alleviating, the cost to consumers. REN 
has no control on whether these sources have sufficient funds to make the relevant payments as declared 
by the government. If not, an alternative payment mechanism would have to be implemented by ERSE or 
the government to reflect the recovery of this amount in the tariffs to be charged to end-consumers, which 
could reflect in a delay of recovering of funds by REN. Notwithstanding this, there is no assurance that 
such alternative mechanism would result in REN receiving the same revenue as compared to the situation 
where such alternative mechanisms did not exist. 
The Group could be materially adversely affected by a change in tax laws, rules and regulations and 
increased taxes or decreased tax benefits, in particular those resulting from Energy Sector Extraordinary 
Contribution (ESEC)  
Changes to tax laws, rules and regulations by the Dutch, Portuguese or Chilean tax authorities or other 
governmental bodies, including changes in the interpretation or implementation thereof, could have a

--- Page 27 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 27 - 
66-41080316 
 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, 
legislation was enacted in 2013 requiring that energy operators in Portugal pay an ESEC. 
The ESEC is levied on the net book value of REN's assets in the following categories: 
• 
tangible fixed assets; 
• 
intangible assets (with some exceptions); and 
• 
financial assets assigned to concessions or licensed activities. 
With regard to regulated activities, the ESEC is applied to net assets considering the higher value of the 
following: (i) relevant regulated assets (as recognised and used by ERSE for the purposes of determining 
the allowed revenues for the following year); or (ii) the net book value of such assets as of 1 January of the 
relevant economic year. The ESEC is levied at a rate of 0.85 per cent. The ESEC cannot be, directly or 
indirectly, passed-through to tariffs nor can it be considered for purposes of determining the respective 
capital cost of REN's regulated assets. In addition, the ESEC is not deductible for corporate tax purposes. 
REN's subsidiaries REN Rede Eléctrica, REN Gasodutos, REN Armazenagem, and REN Portgás are 
affected by ESEC and together paid the ESEC for 2023 in the amount of EUR 28 million. Each of said 
subsidiaries is individually disputing the legality of the ESEC from its entry into force in 2014 and has 
commenced legal proceedings to contest such payments based on the unlawfulness of the contribution, 
requesting the refund of the payments already made. As at the date hereof, legal proceedings are still 
ongoing and the courts have issued decisions stating that the contribution was not illegal, in particular 
regarding the ESEC of the years 2014 to 2018. The maintenance or extension of the ESEC (or imposition 
of similar or higher taxes) could have a material adverse effect on REN's business, financial condition and 
results of operations and could adversely affect its ability to pay dividends. 
This risk is also present with respect to the regulated assets included in the gas distribution business of REN 
Portgás. 
The non-renewal, the expiry, early termination or unilateral changes of REN's concessions, permits or 
licences may prevent REN from realising the full value of certain assets and cause REN to lose future 
profits without adequate compensation 
REN conducts its electricity and gas businesses pursuant to concessions and licences granted by the 
Portuguese Republic. REN's concession to operate the RNT has a term of 50 years from 15 June 2007. 
REN's three high pressure natural gas concessions have each been granted for a term of 40 years from 26 
September 2006. The natural gas distribution concession has a term of 40 years commencing on 1 January 
2008. The concession of Enondas to explore the pilot area intended to produce tidal power has a term of 45 
years from 20 November 2010. These concessions are however subject to early termination or unilateral 
changes by the Portuguese Republic, although with the obligation to restore financial balance of the 
concession or compensation for damages suffered, respectively (unless there is default of the 
concessionaire). These concessions include compensation systems intended to safeguard the recovery of 
REN's investments. The recovery of these investments is conditional upon the formulation and stability of 
the concession frameworks in the medium and long term, which is generally beyond REN's control. 
 
In the context of those concessions, several assets of REN may be considered essential strategic assets for 
the purposes of Decree-Law no. 138/2014, of 15 September 2014, under which the execution of transactions 
over such assets and involving entities outside the EU or to the EEA may be limited or prevented by 
opposition from the Portuguese Government. In addition, pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2019/452, of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 19 March 2019, EU Member States or the European 
Commission may issue their opinion in case of transactions over such strategic sectors. 
Furthermore, the non-renewal, early termination or unilateral changes of the concessions, authorisations or 
licences, may affect, adversely and materially, the operational results of REN. In the case of non-renewal 
or termination of REN's concessions, for any reason, as foreseen in the applicable legal and contractual 
frameworks, the assets and means allocated to the concession would revert to the Portuguese Republic. 
Additionally, failure to comply with the terms of a concession may result in the termination of that 
concession. If a concession is terminated by the Portuguese Republic on the grounds that REN has breached 
the terms of such concession, the concession assets would revert to the Portuguese Republic. In such case,

--- Page 28 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 28 - 
66-41080316 
 
the transmission to the grantor of the assets and means allocated to the concession will be made without 
charge and the Portuguese Republic may be entitled to indemnities against civil liability. The loss of any 
of REN's concession assets could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
REN's operations are subject to extensive environmental regulation 
REN is subject to extensive environmental regulation under EU directives and Portuguese law, which, 
among other things, raises the possibility of fines and civil litigation in the event of non-compliance. Such 
regulations and laws also require REN's network investment and development plans to undergo strategic 
environmental assessment and require REN to perform environmental impact assessments on future 
projects that fall within the applicable legal framework, to obtain administrative licences, environmental 
impact declarations, permits and other approvals and to comply with the requirements and conditions 
imposed by such licences, declarations, permits and regulations. 
As such, REN is subject to the risks that: 
• 
the environmental impact studies may not be approved by the environmental authorities or other 
governmental authorities; 
• 
the environmental impact declarations may be unfavourable or partially unfavourable requiring 
projects to be modified and subject to new environmental assessments or, when favourable, may 
demand costly mitigation and/or compensatory measures; 
• 
public opposition may result in delays or modifications to any proposed project; or 
• 
laws or regulations may change or be interpreted in a manner that increases the costs of REN's activities 
or requires REN to significantly change its operations or its plans for the companies in which it has an 
investment. 
In recent years, environmental requirements and regulations have become stricter in the EU and 
consequently in Portugal. Although REN has been making the necessary investments to comply with these 
requirements and is up to date regarding the national and EU framework evolution, the future evolution of 
environmental regulation may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
If REN is unable to comply with existing environmental regulations or requirements or changes in such 
regulations or requirements or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, this could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Decree-Law no. 11/2023, of 10 February (as amended) approved the environmental simplex, with the aim 
of expediting licensing procedures. This decree includes provisions to simplify the environmental 
procedures related to infrastructure corridors, notably for electrical lines and gas pipelines. 
REN may be impacted by measures that may be imposed by authorities aiming to limit the increase in 
energy prices or pursue social goals 
Measures may be approved and implemented by the Portuguese Republic for the energy industry aimed at 
ensuring the sustainability of the National Electric System ("SEN"). The Portuguese Republic has set out a 
strategy to reduce the tariff deficit. 
As part of the evolution of its budget, the Portuguese Republic may implement measures to reduce energy 
sector costs. Although the scope and the specific terms and conditions of such measures and implementation 
are not known, and notwithstanding the reduced proportion of REN's tariffs in the final cost of the energy 
to the consumers, and if when implemented and depending on their terms, such measures may materially 
and adversely affect REN's business, results of operations and financial condition in a way which cannot 
be anticipated. 
The Portuguese Republic may also approve or amend measures aiming to pursue social goals and the 
protection of vulnerable consumers of electricity or natural gas. For instance, as regards electricity and 
natural gas social tariffs, which consist in discounts in grid tariffs payable by especially vulnerable 
consumers, economic and social changes in times of crisis may increase the basis of application of the

--- Page 29 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 29 - 
66-41080316 
 
social tariff (which is influenced by natural gas prices) and/or increase the amount of population eligible 
for such tariff and create the risk of changes of law entailing to limit social impacts thereof. The social tariff 
is currently financed by generators and suppliers in the electricity sector and suppliers, Distribution System 
Operators ("DSOs") and the Transmission System Operator ("TSO") in the national gas sector. The 
increase of natural gas prices and/or extension or changes to these mechanics of social tariffs may imply an 
increase in the requirements imposed to REN companies. 
Risks related to the financial activities of REN 
REN's significant indebtedness could materially adversely affect its financial condition and ability to 
withstand adverse developments  
REN has a significant amount of indebtedness and debt service obligations. As of 30 June 2024, REN had 
total outstanding net financial indebtedness of EUR 2,679.8 million. REN may be required to dedicate a 
substantial portion of cash flows from activities to make periodic principal and interest payments on its 
indebtedness, thereby limiting its ability to develop its business and plan for, or react to, changes in its 
business and industry. This could potentially increase REN's vulnerability to adverse economic and industry 
conditions. In addition, the terms of REN's indebtedness include standard provisions which may, in certain 
circumstances (such as a change of control, rating downgrades, revocation of licenses and concessions or a 
change in law having a material impact on REN's activity), trigger an early redemption of such 
indebtedness. In addition, REN's indebtedness contains restrictive covenants including financial leverage 
covenants that may restrict REN's flexibility and materially adversely impact its ability to implement its 
strategy. 
REN may be materially adversely affected by interest rate fluctuations and by further downgrades in its 
credit rating 
Interest rate fluctuations have an effect on both REN's revenue and financing costs. Firstly, ERSE 
establishes the RoR for REN's electricity and gas businesses on the basis of indexation to the average ten-
year Portuguese Republic treasury bond yield, with base rates determined for each regulatory period. 
Accordingly, if bond yields decline, the RoRs on REN's electricity and gas businesses automatically decline 
in tandem. 
Interest rates significantly affect REN's costs of borrowing. As of 30 June 2024, 32.2 per cent. of REN's 
indebtedness was subject to floating rate interest. If interest rates increase more than anticipated, REN's 
interest expense would increase and its business, financial condition and results of operations may be 
materially adversely affected. In addition, REN has not fully hedged its exposure to changes in interest 
rates, and as a result such changes could have a material adverse effect on REN's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, REN's ability to obtain funding on favourable terms or at all depends on various factors 
including its financial position and credit ratings assigned by internationally recognised credit agencies. 
REN is currently rated Baa2 (stable outlook) by Moody's, BBB (stable outlook) by Standard & Poor's and 
BBB (stable outlook) by Fitch, however, changes to these ratings, namely as a result of changes or the 
downgrading of sovereign credit ratings, may affect both its ability to obtain funding and the terms of the 
funding. 
In addition, changes to REN's credit rating may also trigger mandatory early redemption or acceleration 
clauses or other covenants in existing financing agreements including, for example, the provision or 
increase of collateral, any of which could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
REN may incur future costs related to its retirement, survivor and medical assistance pension plan 
REN contributes to retirement, early retirement and survivor pensions (the "Pension Plan") and offers to 
its retirees and pensioners a plan of medical care and other benefits on the same terms offered to its active 
employees (the "Health Care Plan"). As of 30 June 2024, REN's consolidated statement of financial 
position included amounts of EUR 39.3 million and EUR 37.6 million, respectively, in relation to its 
obligations under the Pension Plan and Health Care Plan. The liabilities and corresponding annual costs of 
the Pension Plan and the Health Care Plan are determined through annual actuarial calculations by 
independent actuaries.

--- Page 30 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 30 - 
66-41080316 
 
The most critical risks related to accounting for pensions are often related to the return of the pension plan 
assets, to the discount rate used to evaluate the present value of future payments and to the mortality tables 
and other demographic assumptions. In addition, the value of the assets of REN's pension fund depends on 
the future evolution of capital markets. A downturn in the capital markets may render the value of the assets 
in the portfolio insufficient to cover the liabilities assumed by the fund. 
REN's obligations in relation to the Pension Plan and the Health Care Plan may have a significant impact 
on its cash flows, which could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Risks related to the energy prices volatility, inflation and potential shortage of commodities and materials 
REN is subject to risks relating to the variation of energy prices, inflation and the potential shortage of 
commodities and materials that are or may be triggered by events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
current conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine or more recently the Red Sea crisis that may 
impact LNG shipping supply from the Arabian Peninsula, requiring longer sea routes to Europe. 
Although the volatility in energy prices does not have a direct impact on REN, as its revenues are set by 
regulation and are not dependent on energy prices, REN's activity may be indirectly impacted by such 
events. REN may also be impacted as the increase in natural gas prices may lead to the increase of the basis 
of application of the social tariff, which is financed by the TSO, DSOs and natural gas suppliers, or by the 
increase of prices of the materials and commodities purchased by REN, as result of the increase in energy 
costs. 
In addition, to the extent that these risks may lead to the default or insolvency of natural gas or electricity 
suppliers that pay tariffs, REN may also be indirectly impacted. Nevertheless, in the electricity sector, 
REN's tariffs are paid by the DSOs, which may lead to a delay in the collection of amounts due to it (or, in 
scenarios of gross negligence from REN, risk of non-collection). 
REN could also be impacted if this situation leads the Portuguese Republic or ERSE to delay approval of 
new investments due to the need to limit the increase of overall energy costs, or to approve exceptional 
measures aiming to limit it. In extreme cases, under Decree-Law no. 15/2022, the Portuguese Government 
may declare an energy crisis and/or determine exceptional measures to promote reduction of demand, 
increase of supply or any other measure deemed necessary. With regards to the gas sector, where according 
to Decree-Law no. 62/2020, in the event of a sudden crisis in the energy market and a threat to the physical 
security of people, equipment, facilities or the integrity of networks, the Portuguese Government may also 
take temporary and transitory safeguard measures. 
Risks related to the business and industry of REN 
REN may not be able to successfully execute its business strategy, particularly if it experiences delays in 
the approval of its investment plans or its network construction projects 
REN's ability to successfully execute its business strategy depends on a number of factors, including its 
ability to achieve its objectives of focusing on regulated electricity and gas activities in Portugal, improving 
operating performance and quality of service, creating an integrated energy infrastructure platform, and 
optimising its capital structure. 
If REN fails to achieve these strategic objectives, its results of operations may decline adversely affecting 
its financial position. REN's ability to achieve these objectives is subject to a variety of risks, including the 
specific risks related to its current strategic plan, namely the risks regarding the delay in the approval of 
investment plans or any changes to such plans by the relevant regulatory entity or by any other competent 
entity or delays in the, when applicable, permits. 
The risk of delays in the approval of REN's investment plans, or any amendments thereto by the relevant 
regulatory or other authorities, could cause significant delays in approval of the projects, or delay or prevent 
their construction thereby being able to materially and adversely affect REN's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. There have been delays in complying with some of the deadlines established in 
relevant legislation. The currently approved electricity transmission investment plan of REN, which was 
submitted in March 2021 (related to 2022-2031 period) was only approved at the end of 2022. Beyond the 
investments approved in the scope of the electricity transmission investment plan for 2022-2031, in 2024 a 
set of additional investments was approved by the Portuguese Government member responsible for energy

--- Page 31 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 31 - 
66-41080316 
 
(i.e., the Minister of Environment and Energy of the Portuguese Government). The updated gas 
transmission investment plan for the 2022-2031 period (submitted in March 2021) has not yet received a 
final decision from the Portuguese Government member responsible for energy. Moreover, the gas 
transmission investment plan for the 2024-2033 period (submitted in March 2023) was in public 
consultation in May/June 2023, and its revision, after the issuance of opinions of the General Directorate 
for Energy and Geology ("DGEG") and ERSE, was sent by REN to DGEG in November 2023. According 
to legislation, the gas transmission plan should be made available to the National Parliament for discussion 
purposes before its approval by the Portuguese Government member responsible for energy. 
In turn, REN is obliged by the concession agreements with the Portuguese Republic to act and take 
measures to ensure the security and quality of service, to provide measures to meet energy policy goals and 
to maintain the concessions' assets in adequate conditions of operation, both in terms of safety of people 
and assets and in terms of quality of service and security of the supply. To meet these requirements, REN 
has been developing and refurbishing the transmission grid, according to the relevant parts in the approved 
Ten-Year Electricity Network Development and Investment Plan (Plano de Desenvolvimento e 
Investimento da Rede de Transporte de Eletricidade, "PDIRT") and according to the relevant parts in the 
proposals of the Indicative Ten-Year Natural Gas Transmission, LNG Terminals and Storage Development 
and Investment Plans (Plano Decenal Indicativo de Desenvolvimento e Investimento da Rede Nacional de 
Transporte, Infraestruturas de Armazenamento de Gás e Terminais de GNL em Portugal Continental, 
"PDIRG"), for which and when applicable, it has been requesting the corresponding administrative 
licences. A five-year development and investment plan for distribution, (Plano de Investimento na Rede de 
Distribuição, "PDIRD"), is proposed by each gas DSO every two years, REN Portgás PDIRG defines the 
investment with an approval cycle identical to the previous. Delays or failure to obtain such licences may 
affect REN's ability to maintain the transmission grid and other assets in appropriate conditions and 
materially and adversely affect REN's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
If a PDIRT, PDIRG or PDIRD is not approved, its approval is delayed or an individual approval is not 
obtained from the Portuguese Government to a specific investment, and its urgency requires them to be 
performed, these investments without approval may be rejected by ERSE to integrate the asset base causing 
a loss of revenue until this investment is approved or accepted.  
Furthermore, network construction project delays, namely, among others, due to the incapacity of REN 
suppliers to provide the necessary goods, services and works for the execution of the corresponding 
Operations & Maintenance (O&M) and investment activities, could materially and adversely affect REN's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The large-scale network construction projects that REN undertakes present certain risks, such as shortages 
or increased costs of materials and labour, increased costs of financing or inability to obtain financing, 
delays in obtaining administrative and regulatory approvals, including environmental permits, opposition 
to energy infrastructure development by political or other groups, licencing, expiration and/or renewal of 
existing rights in real property, malfeasance by REN's contractors and subcontractors, insolvency of REN's 
contractors, subcontractors or other third-party suppliers and disruptions, either resulting from adverse 
weather conditions or from unforeseen technical or environmental problems. Any of these factors may 
cause delays (or significant postponements) in the completion of REN's construction projects or 
commencement of operations and may increase the cost of contemplated projects, both aspects at increased 
risk due to the conflict that has emerged in Eastern Europe and Middle East. The uncertainty with respect 
to future developments particularly with regard to the impact of the Russia – Ukraine conflict remains high 
due to high inflation. An inability to complete network construction projects on a timely basis could have 
a material adverse effect on REN's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to the operational activities of REN 
Information technology ("IT") and Operational Technology ("OT") system failures could adversely 
affect REN's operations 
REN's IT and OT systems are critically important in supporting all of its business activities. Failures in 
REN's IT or OT systems could result from technical malfunctions, human error, lack of system capacity, 
security breaches or software for which it has acquired operating licences and over which it has no control. 
The introduction of new technologies and the development of new uses, such as social networking, expose 
REN to new threats. In addition, the cyber-attacks and hacking attempts to which companies may fall victim 
are increasingly targeted and carried out by specialists. Any failure or malfunctioning of REN's IT or OT

--- Page 32 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 32 - 
66-41080316 
 
systems could result in REN's failure to fulfil its obligations as public concessionaire of the electric and gas 
systems and could, ultimately, affect the Portuguese Electricity and/or Gas Transmission System, as well 
as in breaches of confidentiality, delays or loss of data and have a material adverse effect on REN's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 
Development of information technologies and their gradual applicability to REN's operation, such as the 
increase in automation and digitalisation, increases the likelihood of malicious IT attacks which may cause 
a material adverse impact on REN. 
Technological changes and innovations in the energy sector may negatively impact REN 
The technologies used in the energy sector change and will continue to change and evolve in the future. 
Techniques for generating, transmitting and distributing electricity, natural gas, renewable gases or low 
carbon gases, are constantly improving and becoming more complex. In order for REN to maintain its 
competitiveness and to expand its business, it must effectively adjust to changes in technology. 
In addition, the expansion of the use of renewable energy sources, namely wind and solar, can create 
challenges for the TSO. As the availability of wind and sunlight is partially unpredictable, the integration 
of these sources into the electricity grid involves a more complex management of the whole system. 
Additionally, further challenges may arise from increasingly decentralised production, as more and more 
industrial and residential consumers install their own generation infrastructure and have the opportunity to 
sell energy to the grid. Other future technological developments, such as the implementation of smart grids 
and/or energy storage, may also add complexity to the system, as well as produce changes in the industry's 
structure and fundamentals. 
In addition, technological improvements that allow end-consumers to efficiently manage their energy 
consumptions or diversify their origin, such as individual and collective self-consumption and energy 
communities, may lead to energy savings or reduce the need from receiving electricity or gas from the 
network that would otherwise exist, contributing to a stabilisation of energy consumption, and, 
consequently, reducing the need for growth or changing the nature of the required investments in the power 
grids. Furthermore, increased use of technologies, like renewable generation and energy storage, have the 
potential to negatively impact the demand for gas and electricity, and thereby the need for and utilisation 
of gas and electricity infrastructure. REN's regulated profits and tariffs may also be affected by the 
development of privately owned direct lines or closed distribution grids, be it in the electricity or in the gas 
markets, to the extent these assets are not part of REN's concessions and reduce the need of new network 
investments. Nonetheless, DGEG authorisation to implement said grids depends on strict requirements thus 
mitigating this risk. 
In the case of renewable gases and/or low carbon gases, in particular H2 blends with natural gas as defined 
by the Decree-Law no. 62/2020, of 28 August, REN may need to ensure major developments to perform in 
order to timely manage the gas network it operates together with addressing new challenges regarding gas 
quality, infrastructure readiness for growing H2 concentrations, and the uncertainty about the future 
developments of the gas industry. The gas sector is now undergoing major changes whose final outcome 
will depend on still emerging technologies. Although REN is following the best practices to incorporate 
these technological changes in line with its peers, uncertainty may lead to changes in the business and 
infrastructure and the technology or operation risk profile of REN's activities may change considering the 
new investments to accommodate injection of H2, as well as other renewable or low carbon gas in the gas 
infrastructure, which may gradually change the characteristics of the mix of gas circulating and stored in 
gas networks and infrastructure. Consequently, if REN is not able to adapt its strategy and its operations to 
future technological changes and innovations, REN's grids may become more difficult to design, develop, 
operate and manage which may materially adversely affect the quality of REN's operations and REN's 
financial position. 
REN's assets could be damaged by natural and human made disasters and REN and its representatives 
could face civil, criminal or administrative liability as a result thereof 
REN's assets include cutting, sectioning, and transition stations, electrical substations, overhead and 
underground very high voltage electrical transmission lines, telecommunication security networks, 
including radio relay repeaters, natural gas calibration and measurement stations, natural gas transportation 
grids, natural gas pressure reduction stations, natural gas and LPG distribution urban grids, LPG storage 
facilities, natural gas compression and storage underground facilities, the LNG Terminal at Sines, national

--- Page 33 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 33 - 
66-41080316 
 
and regional dispatch and grid operation centres and related infrastructure, buildings, vehicles and other 
equipment. 
These assets could be damaged by natural phenomena or catastrophes (e.g. floods, or strong winds), by 
malfunctions in maintenance and operation of the assets, acts of vandalism, theft or terrorism, pipeline 
ruptures, gas explosions or damages caused by ships in the transport of natural gas and other natural and/or 
man-made disasters (e.g. forest fires). 
While REN seeks to take precautions against such disasters, maintain disaster recovery strategies and/or 
purchase levels of insurance coverage that it regards as commercially appropriate, should any damage occur 
and be substantial, REN could incur losses and damages not recoverable under insurance policies in force, 
which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Any of the foregoing events could also affect REN's reputation and result in a lower level of confidence in 
REN's abilities, which could potentially affect REN's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
REN and its representatives may also face civil liabilities or fines in the ordinary course of its business as 
a result of damages to third parties caused by the natural and/or man-made disasters mentioned above and 
by malfunctions in maintenance and operation on the assets. These liabilities may require REN to make 
indemnification payments not covered by its insurance policies or that may exceed applicable insurance 
policy limits. Such payments could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
REN's activities may be impacted by climate change risks 
The new Basis Law on the Climate (Law 98/2021 of 31 December) was published on 31 December 2021. 
This new Law repeals Law 93/2001 of 20 August and establishes the guiding principles of climate policy 
and governance. It also introduces targets and provides mechanisms to combat climate change, to 
decarbonise the economy and to achieve sustainable development. Particularly in the energy sector, the 
plan is to achieve decarbonisation of the electricity generation system. This is to be done by banning the 
use of coal to produce electricity from 2021, and of natural gas of fossil origin to produce electricity from 
2040, provided the security of supply is guaranteed. 
The banning of the use of natural gas to produce electricity as of 2040, if security of supply is guaranteed, 
together with an increase in the electrification of energy consumption and the potential increase in the costs 
of CO2 for the pollutant industries may lead to gradual reductions of the consumption of natural gas.  
Climate change may have a significant and widespread impact on REN's activities. In accordance with the 
framework set by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, a task force set up by the G20's 
Financial Stability Board to develop a voluntary framework for companies to discuss the financial impact 
of climate related risks and opportunities, REN's climate change related risks are two-fold. Firstly, REN 
faces transition risks related to the adoption of low-carbon strategies implemented to prevent and mitigate 
the effect of climate change, such as energy efficiency solutions and low carbon products/services. 
Secondly, REN faces physical risks related to the change of physical parameters, such as changes to average 
temperatures, average sea levels, the incidence of extreme climatic events, such as storms, floods, or 
temperature extremes that would result in a significant impact on REN's grids as well as on its assets' 
resilience. REN may not be able to predict, mitigate or adapt for the long-term physical changes associated 
with such climate change which may in turn have a material adverse impact on REN's assets, business 
financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
REN relies on expropriation and rights of way over land in building its networks and storage facilities 
In order to build or extend its electricity and gas transmission networks in mainland Portugal, REN can 
request the expropriation for public purposes of, or the establishment of easements for REN's benefit on, 
the land on which the network is to be constructed. This includes land used for electrical substations, 
overhead and underground transmission lines and land used for gas pipelines, dispatching centres, operation 
and maintenance centres and network stations, as well as the necessary permits for the development of new 
salt cavity underground storage caverns. Objections by landowners and environmental and other groups 
may prevent REN from obtaining necessary expropriation or rights of way over the land, which may cause 
the process to be more expensive and may cause delays, any of which could materially adversely affect the 
expansion and upgrading of REN's electricity and gas transmission networks.

--- Page 34 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 34 - 
66-41080316 
 
REN may face public opposition or lack of public support from communities established in the vicinities 
of existing and/or projected electricity and gas transmission networks 
If the communities established in the vicinities of existing and/or projected electricity and natural gas 
transmission networks were to mobilise against existing transmission networks and/or against the 
construction of new transmission networks or mount legal challenges to the maintenance of existing 
transmission networks or the construction of new transmission networks, REN may find it to be more 
difficult, or even impossible, to maintain and/or obtain all necessary licences, permits and/or authorisations 
necessary to the maintenance and/or construction of such transmission networks, which could have a 
material adverse effect on REN's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
REN has been in the past, currently is, and might be in the future, subject to local communities' mobilisation 
against the construction of new transmission networks. Some of these mobilisations have evolved into legal 
proceedings that are still pending and that have stalled the construction of some of REN's projected 
transmission networks. As a general rule, the licences and permits granted to REN are enforceable only to 
the extent that they do not conflict with third parties' civil rights (such as the right to peaceful enjoyment of 
property or ownership rights). In case of dispute, a Portuguese court may decide that such civil rights prevail 
over the rights of REN under the relevant licences. These circumstances may have a material adverse effect 
on REN's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Part of REN's real estate assets have not been registered in the land registry or with the tax authority 
A portion of REN's real estate assets have not been registered in the land registry or with the tax authority. 
With regard to the land registry the ownership of real estate assets is subject to mandatory registration, 
failing which ownership of such assets may be challenged by third parties. 
Furthermore, there is a legal presumption that the land registry is correct and no rights over real estate may 
be transferred by REN to third parties if they are not registered in REN's name. 
Consequently, if the entities in whose name the real estate assets are currently registered in the land registry 
were to sell or encumber those properties to third parties acting in good faith and the latter registers them 
in the real estate register prior to REN doing so, they would become the lawful owners of such real estate 
or encumbrances, as applicable. These circumstances could have a material adverse effect on REN's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
REN may be impacted by a request from energy producers to renegotiate the Energy Acquisition 
Agreements 
Tejo Energia - Produção e Distribuição de Energia Eléctrica, SA ("Tejo Energia") has announced to REN 
- Rede Eléctrica Nacional, SA ("REN Eléctrica") and REN Trading, S.A. (“REN Trading”) its intention 
to renegotiate the Power Purchase Agreement ("PPA"), in order to reflect in the amounts payable to this 
producer the costs, which in its opinion would be due, incurred with (i) financing of the social tariff and (ii) 
with the tax on petroleum and energy products ("ISP") and with the carbon tax. Turbogás - Produtora 
Energética S.A. ("Turbogás") also stated its intention to renegotiate the PPA, in order to reflect in the 
amounts payable the costs incurred with the financing of the social tariff, ISP and the Extraordinary 
Contribution on the Energy Sector ("CESE"). 
According to the PPA, Tejo Energia and Turbogás act as producers and sellers and REN Trading as 
purchaser of the energy produced in power plants. REN Eléctrica is jointly and severally liable with REN 
Trading, regarding the execution of the PPA with Tejo Energia and Turbogás. According to the information 
received, the total costs claimed by these companies until 30 June 2024 amounts to, approximately, EUR 
121 million. 
REN Trading and REN Eléctrica consider that, under the existing legal framework, these claims are 
disputable and any renegotiation of the PPAs would be dependent on the claims being accepted by the 
Portuguese State and ERSE. REN Trading and REN Eléctrica also understand that any associated charges 
would need to be considered as general costs of the national electricity system, being the only way to 
guarantee the economic neutrality of REN Trading's contractual position. 
All of these disputes were brought by Tejo Energia and Turbogás and contested by REN Eléctrica and REN 
Trading, and the outcomes are pending resolution.

--- Page 35 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 35 - 
66-41080316 
 
REN may be impacted by an investigation of alleged corruption offences and unlawful enrichment 
during the liberalisation of the electricity market in Portugal  
On 28 October 2024, João Faria Conceição, a director and member of the executive committee of REN, 
was charged by the Public Prosecutor's Office with an offence of passive corruption. REN had been 
informed of the existence of such an investigation on 2 June 2017, when the Portuguese police (National 
Anti-Corruption Unit) and the Public Prosecutor's Office conducted searches at REN's headquarters in the 
context of a criminal investigation into alleged corruption and unlawful enrichment during the privatisation 
of EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. ("EDP") and the liberalisation of the electricity market in Portugal. In 
particular, the Public Prosecutor alleges that mentioned director and member of the executive committee 
of REN, certain current directors and officers of EDP and former members of the Portuguese Government 
may have been involved in a scheme to unlawfully benefit EDP, the former state-owned electricity 
monopoly, in particular in connection with the early termination of certain power purchase agreements. 
REN is not a defendant ("arguido") in the proceedings and faces no charges. REN has offered full 
cooperation to the authorities and has made itself available to provide additional information. 
REN cannot predict the outcome of this investigation or any related proceedings. Any negative 
development in such proceedings affecting REN's officials or past decisions regarding EDP could harm 
REN's reputation with the public and with relevant stakeholders, and could materially and adversely affect 
its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
REN is exposed to concentration risk due to a limited number of distributors 
REN's reliance on energy distribution and supply companies to collect tariffs from end-consumers of 
electricity and natural gas and deliver to it the amounts collected in respect of the remuneration of its 
activities exposes REN to credit risk, which may increase during periods of difficult macroeconomic 
conditions. If such energy distribution and supply companies fail to collect tariffs effectively and deliver to 
REN the amounts collected in a timely manner, or at all, or if they ceased to operate or became subject to 
insolvency proceedings, REN's earnings and cash flow could be significantly reduced, which could have a 
material adverse effect on REN's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, REN's credit risk is concentrated in a small number of these regulated energy distribution and 
supply companies, and it may generally be required to continue to supply the services even if they failed to 
pay for energy services provided by REN. 
Risks Related to Acquisitions and Investments in Chile 
Following the acquisition in 2017 of a 42.5 per cent. stake in Electrogas S.A. ("Electrogas") and more 
recently, in 2019, the acquisition of 100 per cent. of Empresa de Transmisión Eléctrica Transemel S.A. 
("Transemel"), REN is exposed to the risks of operating in the Latin America region 
On 7 February 2017, REN announced the acquisition of a 42.5 per cent. stake in Electrogas, a gas 
transportation company in Chile. Colbun SA and Empresa Nacional del Petróleo (ENAP) (a company fully 
owned by the Chilean government) hold the remaining 42.5 per cent. and 15 per cent. of Electrogas, 
respectively. 
On 1 October 2019, REN announced the acquisition of a 100 per cent. stake of Transemel. 
Before acquiring the aforementioned stakes in Electrogas, and Transemel, REN made several assumptions 
regarding future regulated or non-regulated revenues, with the assistance of specialised consultants, Take-
or-Pay and other contracts origination/renewal/termination, operations costs, profitability, capex, asset 
quality, global, regional and domestic natural gas and electric transmission sectors evolution and other 
matters relating to Electrogas and Transemel, which may prove to be incorrect. 
Electrogas' and Transemel's performance in future periods may differ materially from REN's expectations 
or the expectations of research analysts, which could result in a decline in the value of REN's investment 
in both companies. 
In addition, REN is exposed to foreign exchange risk relating to the Chilean peso and the U.S. dollar. In 
particular, the depreciation or appreciation of the Chilean peso against the euro will result in changes in 
REN's reported earnings, assets and liabilities on a consolidated basis regardless of the performance of

--- Page 36 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 36 - 
66-41080316 
 
Electrogas and Transemel, which could in turn adversely affect REN's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. In operational terms, the foreign exposure to the Chilean Peso and U.S. dollar 
is mainly related to the indexation of Transemel's regulated revenues and Electrogas' take-or-pay contracts 
tariffs to Chilean and United States inflation. 
Moreover, REN's stakes in Electrogas and Transemel expose REN to risks related to the economic, political 
and regulatory conditions in Chile in particular and in Latin America more broadly. Emerging markets like 
Latin America are generally subject to greater risks than more developed markets (for example, there is 
typically a greater risk of loss from unfavourable political and economic developments, social and 
geopolitical instability and changes in governmental policies, including expropriation, nationalisation, 
international ownership legislation, interest rate caps and tax policies). In addition, emerging markets are 
affected by conditions in global financial markets and some are particularly affected by commodity price 
fluctuations, which in turn may affect financial market conditions through exchange rate fluctuations and 
interest rate volatility and deposits volatility. In addition, since REN owns a non-controlling stake in 
Electrogas, the other two shareholders (including an entity owned by the government of Chile) may adopt 
decisions regarding the business of Electrogas that are not in REN's best interests. 
Furthermore, despite the legal and business due diligence review conducted on both Electrogas' and 
Transemel's transactions, REN may subsequently uncover information that was not known to REN and 
which may give rise to significant new contingencies or to contingencies in excess of the projections made 
by REN. Any losses incurred by REN as a result of the occurrence of any contingencies for which REN is 
not otherwise compensated could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. While the nominal interest rate of Fixed Rate Notes is 
fixed during the life of such securities, changes in market interest rates could adversely affect the price of 
the Notes and can lead to losses for Noteholders.  
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Floating Rate Notes which are linked to "benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") 
applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or 
index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other

--- Page 37 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 37 - 
66-41080316 
 
proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs 
and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain 
as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with 
€STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 5.2(F) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result in adverse consequences 
to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are 
linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, 
the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the 
same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs. Such an event 
may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements 
include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative 
rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance 
with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or as otherwise provided in the Conditions, 
although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes 
may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if 
the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.  
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the use of risk-free rates, 
including Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"). This relates not only to the substance of the 
calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing SONIA, but also how widely SONIA and SONIA-related methodologies might be adopted. 
 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable in relation to Notes that reference SONIA issued 
under this Programme. The development of SONIA for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced

--- Page 38 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 38 - 
66-41080316 
 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference 
SONIA issued under this Programme from time to time. 
 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of SONIA in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily SONIA. 
 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If SONIA does not prove to 
be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates 
may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA or any related indices. 
 
SONIA and other risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter/bank offered rates in a number 
of material respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank offered 
rates in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most 
cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and whereas such 
interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and 
include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates 
may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes.  
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the Interest Amount which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 10 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on 
a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption.  
The administrator of SONIA may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or discontinue 
SONIA 
The Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method by which SONIA 
is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing related to 
the publication of SONIA. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA.

--- Page 39 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 39 - 
66-41080316 
 
Risks related to Notes issued as Green Bonds and/or Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Notes issued as green bonds ("Green Bonds") may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to eligible green assets 
The Final Terms relating to any specific issue of Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer on those Notes towards financing 
and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, new or existing planned investments related to sustainable and green 
assets and projects with a positive environmental benefit and impact ("Eligible Green Assets"). Prospective 
investors should determine the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes, together with any other investigation such investors may deem necessary. 
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuers or the Dealers that the use of such net proceeds for any 
Eligible Green Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular, with regards to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to 
any Eligible Green Assets (including in relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical 
screening criteria, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for 
bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the "EU Green Bond 
Regulation") , Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services 
sector ("SFDR") and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United 
Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. 
Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the EU Green Bond Regulation 
(which entered into force on 20 December 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024) and are only 
intended to comply with the requirements and processes in REN's Integrated Sustainable Financing 
Framework. It is not clear if the establishment of the EuGB label and the optional disclosures regime for 
bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" under the EU Green Bond Regulation could have an impact 
on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the 
requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds issued under 
this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply with those standards proposed 
under the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green 
Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria, given that any opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and 
is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the Dealers or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds.  
ISS Corporate Solutions, Inc. has issued an independent opinion, dated 8 November 2024, on REN's 
Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion 
provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any 
credit, market, or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement 
of opinion, not a statement of fact. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification 
does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. No representation or 
assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or 
certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current 
only as of the date it was issued. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds.

--- Page 40 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 40 - 
66-41080316 
 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green 
Bonds so specified for Eligible Green Assets in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base 
Prospectus, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such net proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Assets. Nor can 
there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Assets will be completed within any specified period or at 
all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the relevant Issuer. Any such event or failure by the relevant Issuer will not constitute an 
Event of Default under the Green Bonds. 
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any Eligible Green 
Assets as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any opinion or certification attesting 
that the relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds 
and also potentially the value of any other notes which are intended to finance Eligible Green Assets and/or 
result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. 
Additionally, any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of the Green Bonds for any Eligible Green 
Assets or failure to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications will not 
lead to an obligation of the relevant Issuer to redeem the Green Bonds. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets 
with sustainability characteristics 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, either Issuer may issue Notes described as "Sustainability-Linked 
Notes". In such event, the interest rate is subject to upward adjustment in the case of Step Up Sustainability-
Linked Notes and/or the amount payable on redemption shall include any Redemption Premium Amount(s) 
in the case of Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes, in each case, in certain circumstances 
specified in the Conditions, depending on the definitions of "Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event", "Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Event" and "Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Event" 
in the Conditions. The occurrence of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event, Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and 
Services) Emissions Event and Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Event will be determined based 
on a defined group of entities forming part of the Group as set out in the definition of "SLB Reporting 
Group" in the Conditions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, the Sustainability-Linked Notes are not being marketed 
as green bonds, social bonds, or similar purpose financing instrument, since the relevant Issuer may intend 
to use the relevant net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include the refinancing of 
existing indebtedness, and therefore the relevant Issuer may not intend to allocate the net proceeds 
specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental, sustainability or social criteria, or be 
subject to any other limitations associated with such instruments.  
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any existing or future legal or 
quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics (including in relation to EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR 
and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any 
requirements of such standards as they may evolve from time to time. The related provisions and definitions 
may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations when compared to other definitions relevant 
to greenhouse gas emissions and there is no certainty to what extent the assets which are the subject of the 
investments planned in the Group's sustainability strategy will be aligned to such legislation and guidelines. 
It is not clear if the establishment of the optional disclosures regime for sustainability-linked bonds under 
the EU Green Bond Regulation could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, sustainability-
linked bonds that do not comply with the requirements of such optional disclosure regime, such as the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower 
demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under this 
Programme that do not comply with optional disclosures proposed under the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
In addition, none of the Dealers are responsible for the assessment of REN's Integrated Sustainable 
Financing Framework including the selection of REN's Key Performance Indicators or Sustainable 
Performance Targets as defined therein and their alignment with any sustainability-related standards.

--- Page 41 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 41 - 
66-41080316 
 
Although REN's targets decreasing its Scope 1 and 2 Emissions (calculated in absolute terms), Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions (calculated in absolute terms) and Scope 3 (Use of Sold 
Products) Emissions (calculated in absolute terms), there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will 
be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet 
investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, 
construction, and operation of any investments REN makes in furtherance of these targets.  
Furthermore, in the event that such Sustainability-Linked Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated green, environmental, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, the 
Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply. Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria for 
any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuers, the Dealers or any person that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
As a result of the above, the Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be in line with investors' expectations or 
requirements.  
Failure to meet the relevant sustainability targets may have a material impact on the market price of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme, increase the Group's cost of funding, and 
could expose the Group to reputational risks 
REN's intention, on issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, will be to reduce REN's 
greenhouse gas emissions by at least the relevant Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Target, Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage Target or Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions 
Percentage Target on the relevant Reference Year, as applicable (the "Sustainability Target") but there 
can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so and REN may decide not to 
continue with achieving such Sustainability Targets. The failure to meet any of such Sustainability Targets 
relating to the Sustainability-Linked Notes or any other type of sustainability-linked indebtedness will result 
in increased interest amounts, the payment of Redemption Premium Amount(s) or additional payments, 
which would increase REN's cost of funding, and which could have a material adverse effect on REN, its 
business prospects, its financial condition, or its results of operations. 
In addition, a failure by the Group to satisfy the Sustainability Targets could also harm the Group's 
reputation or the Group's efforts in reaching the Sustainability Targets may become controversial or be 
criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders.  
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Sustainability-Linked Notes (as well as other 
securities of the Issuers) and the price at which a holder of Sustainability-Linked Notes will be able to sell 
its Notes in such circumstances may be at a substantial discount from the issue price or the purchase price 
paid by such Noteholder. See also "Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics" above for a description of the risk 
that Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or other 
standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics.  
No Event of Default shall occur under any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme, nor 
will the relevant Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Sustainability-Linked Notes, if REN fails 
to meet any of the Sustainability Targets, or if it fails to comply with the related disclosure and reporting 
obligations set out in the Conditions. 
The methodology used by the relevant Issuer to determine whether a Step Up Event and/or a Redemption 
Premium Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred may change over time due to a Recalculation 
Event or a change in standards and guidelines and a Step Up Event and/or a Redemption Premium 
Event may not occur in event of a change in or the application of law or regulation.

--- Page 42 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 42 - 
66-41080316 
 
The Conditions permit the Issuers to recalculate or redetermine the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Target, Scope 3 (Purchased Goods 
and Services) Emissions Amount, Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Baseline and Scope 
3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage Target, Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions 
Amount, Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Baseline and Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions 
Percentage Target (each, as defined in the Conditions). A qualified second party opinion provider must 
review any such recalculation or redetermination of the relevant amount, baseline or target and confirm that 
it is in line with the initial level of ambition of, or more ambitious than the original amount, baseline or 
target, as the case may be. The details of any recalculation or redetermination will be set out in the SLB 
Progress Report relating to the Reporting Year during which such recalculation or redetermination has 
occurred, which will be accompanied by an assurance report issued by an Assurance Provider (each, as 
defined in the Conditions). 
A Recalculation Event includes a recalculation following a structural change in the SLB Reporting Group 
(as defined in the Conditions) including as a result of acquisitions, mergers or divestments, and/or any other 
similar event.  
Any recalculation may be made without the prior consultation of the Noteholders, and will result in the 
updated Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Target, Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Amount, Scope 3 (Purchased Goods 
and Services) Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage Target, 
Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Amount, Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Baseline 
and Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Percentage Target, as the case may be, being considered for 
the purpose of ascertaining whether or not a Step Up Event and/or a Redemption Premium Event has 
occurred in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. The occurrence of a Recalculation Event may 
impact, positively or negatively, the ability of REN to satisfy the Sustainability Targets which could in turn 
adversely affect the market value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes (as well as other securities of the 
relevant Issuer). 
In addition, each of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 
2 Emissions Percentage Target, Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Amount, Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Baseline and Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) 
Emissions Percentage Target, Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Amount, Scope 3 (Use of Sold 
Products) Emissions Baseline and Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Percentage Target is 
calculated internally by REN based on broadly accepted industry standards and guidelines. These standards 
and guidelines may change over time, which may affect the way in which REN performs such calculations. 
The standards and guidelines continue to be reviewed by expert groups and include contributions from 
industry bodies, which may change going forward. As a consequence, any of these changes to the 
calculation methodology or to standards and guidelines may not be in line with investors' expectations or 
requirements when investing in Sustainability-Linked Notes.  
Lastly, a Step Up Event and/or a Redemption Premium Event would not occur where the failure to satisfy 
the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Condition or 
the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Condition, as applicable, is as a result of a change in law or 
regulation impacting the SLB Reporting Group's greenhouse gas emissions. 
Any second party opinion issued in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes does not reflect all the 
features which may be associated with such debt securities nor does it discuss all risks related to such 
Notes 
ISS Corporate Solutions, Inc. has issued a Second Party Opinion, dated 8 November 2024, confirming the 
adherence of REN's Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework with the Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Principles administered by ICMA and REN may request that a new Second Party Opinion be issued if 
REN's Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework is updated or in the event that a Recalculation Event 
occurs. 
Even though a Second Party Opinion has been obtained, and whilst noting the emergence of the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes a "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked" or 
equivalently-labelled project or instrument or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project or instrument to be defined as "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked" labels (including in relation

--- Page 43 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 43 - 
66-41080316 
 
to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond 
Regulation, SFDR and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United 
Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. The Second Party 
Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Notes 
and is current only as of the date it was issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of 
the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification may change at any time and the 
Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. No assurance 
is or can be given to investors by the Issuers, any other member of the Group, the Dealers, any of their 
respective affiliates, any second party opinion providers or the Assurance Provider that the Sustainability-
Linked Notes will meet any or all investor expectations or that the Sustainability Targets qualify as 
"sustainable" or "sustainability-linked".  
If the Second Party Opinion is withdrawn, there might be no third-party analysis of REN's Integrated 
Sustainable Financing Framework or REN's progress in meeting Sustainability Targets other than the 
relevant Assurance Provider's confirmation provided in the SLB Progress Report in relation to any Target 
Observation Date. A withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion may affect the value of the Sustainability-
Linked Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
sustainability-linked assets. 
Furthermore, a Second Party Opinion may not reflect all the features of such kind of debt securities, nor 
the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and 
other factors that may affect the value of Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme. 
Furthermore, any such Second Party Opinion would only be valid as of the date it is released, and REN 
does not assume any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision of its Integrated 
Sustainable Financing Framework.  
Moreover, a Second Party Opinion provider and providers of similar opinions, reports and certifications 
are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion, report 
or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuers, any member of the 
Group, the Dealers or any Second Party Opinion providers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuers, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Trustee, nor any of their 
respective affiliates, nor the provider of any such Second Party Opinion, report or certification for the 
contents of any such opinion, report or certification. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Sustainability-
Linked Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework, any Second Party Opinion, 
SLB Progress Report, Assurance Report or other report, verification or certification and any other document 
related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks relating to certain terms of the Notes 
Notes issued by REN B.V. are not guaranteed by REN, and investors do not have any direct rights to 
enforce payment on the Notes against REN in case of default by REN B.V. 
Notes issued by REN B.V. are obligations of REN B.V. and not of REN. REN has no obligation to pay any 
amounts due under Notes issued by REN B.V. REN has entered into a Keep Well Agreement with REN 
B.V., which is not a guarantee. Under the Keep Well Agreement, REN has agreed that, for so long as REN 
B.V. has any Notes outstanding under the Programme, it will make available to REN B.V. funds sufficient 
to meet its payment obligations or repay borrowings then maturing to the extent that REN B.V.'s funds or 
other liquid assets are insufficient to meet its payment obligations or repay its borrowings. Although under 
the terms of the Keep Well Agreement the Trustee may, on behalf of holders of any Notes issued by REN 
B.V. under the Programme, enforce REN B.V.'s rights under the Keep Well Agreement against REN, 
Noteholders do not have any direct rights against REN. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuers 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise

--- Page 44 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 44 - 
66-41080316 
 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
Modification 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Non-Book-Entry Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of 
Holders of Non-Book-Entry Notes and without regard to the interests of particular Holders of Non-Book-
Entry Notes (1) agree to any modification of the Non-Book-Entry Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the 
Trust Deed which is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders 
of such Non-Book-Entry Notes; (2) agree to any modification of the Non-Book-Entry Notes, the Receipts, 
the Coupons or the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law; or (3) determine that any Event of Default 
or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such which, in any such 
case, is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders of Non-Book-
Entry Notes, in the circumstances described in Condition 16 (Meetings of Holders of Notes) of the 
conditions of the Notes. 
Risks related to procedures for collection of Noteholders' details 
It is expected that the direct registering entities, the participants and the clearing systems will follow certain 
procedures to facilitate the collection from the Noteholders of the information required to comply with the 
procedures and certifications required by Decree-Law no. 193/2005. Under the Decree-Law no. 193/2005, 
the obligation of collecting from the Noteholders proof of their non-Portuguese resident status and of the 
compliance with the other requirements for the exemption rests with the direct registering entities, the 
participants and the entities managing the international clearing systems. A summary of those procedures 
is also set out in "Taxation – Portugal - 2. Tax Treatment of Notes under the Special Tax Regime for Debt 
Securities". Such procedures may be revised from time to time in accordance with applicable Portuguese 
laws and regulations, further to clarifications from the Portuguese tax authorities regarding such laws and 
regulations and the operational procedures of the clearing systems. While the Notes are registered by 
Interbolsa, Noteholders must rely on such procedures in order to receive payments under the Notes free of 
any withholding, if applicable. 
Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all applicable procedures and to 
ensure the correct tax treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuers, the Dealers, the Agent or the clearing 
systems assumes any responsibility.

--- Page 45 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 45 - 
66-41080316 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) a direct and accurate English translation of the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group for the six month period ended 30 June 2024 contained on pages 1 to 66 of the PDF (inclusive) 
of the consolidated financial statements and accounts of the Group for the six months period ended 30 
June 2024, available for viewing at https://www.ren.pt/media/lwzhw45l/1h2024-accounts.pdf; 
(b) a direct and accurate English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements, the notes 
thereto and the auditors' report in respect thereof for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 
contained on pages 216 to 310 of the PDF (inclusive) of the audited consolidated annual report and 
accounts of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2023, available for viewing at 
https://www.ren.pt/media/hucemblz/annual-report-2023-ren.pdf;  
(c) a direct and accurate English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements, the notes 
thereto and the auditors' report in respect thereof for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
contained on pages 219 to 314 of the PDF (inclusive) of the audited consolidated annual report and 
accounts of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, available for viewing at 
https://www.ren.pt/media/eq0mti5i/annual-report-2022-non-esef-version.pdf;  
(d) the audited individual financial statements of REN B.V., including the independent auditor's report as 
included in the section other information, for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 contained on 
pages 10 to 44 of the PDF (inclusive) of the annual accounts of REN B.V. for the financial year ended 
31 December 2023, available for viewing at https://www.ren.pt/media/skxffxco/ren-finance-2023-
annual-accounts.pdf; 
(e) the audited individual financial statements of REN B.V., including the independent auditor's report as 
included in the section other information, for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, contained 
on pages 10 to 45 of the PDF (inclusive) of the annual accounts of REN B.V. for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022, available for viewing at https://www.ren.pt/media/hu0lyamm/ren-
finance_2022-annual-accounts.pdf; and 
(f) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectuses dated 7 December 2017 
contained on pages 81 to 113 of the PDF (inclusive); 5 November 2020 contained on pages 67 to 105 
of the PDF (inclusive) and 11 September 2023 contained on pages 74 to 111 of the PDF (inclusive) in 
connection with the Programme, each of which is available for viewing at https://www.ren.pt/en-
gb/investors/debt-and-rating 
The Issuers confirm that the translations of the documents referred to in (a) to (e) above are true and 
accurate, however, in case of a discrepancy between the original document and the English translation 
thereof, the original document will prevail. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor 
or are covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuers and from the specified offices of the Issue and Paying Agent, for the time being in 
London, and the Portuguese Paying Agent for the time being in Lisbon. 
Any information contained in or documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 46 - 
66-41080316 
 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 47 - 
66-41080316 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES, CLEARING SYSTEMS, EXERCISE OF RIGHTS AND LISTING 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series issued by REN B.V. will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons 
("Coupons") attached, or registered form, without Coupons attached. Bearer Notes and Registered Notes 
will be offered and sold outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S. When the Issuer is REN, the Notes will be issued in book-entry form. 
Bearer Global Notes issued by REN B.V. - Form and Exchange 
(1) 
TEFRA D or TEFRA C: The Final Terms shall specify whether U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, 
regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise 
in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA 
D Rules") or U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury 
Regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA C Rules") shall apply. Each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes is represented upon issue by a temporary global Note (a "Temporary 
Global Note"), unless the Final Terms specify otherwise and the TEFRA C Rules apply. 
Where the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Bearer Notes specifies that the TEFRA C Rules 
apply, such Tranche is represented upon issue by a Permanent Global Note. 
The Global Notes will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated 
in the Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Interests in a Temporary Global Note may be exchanged for: 
(i) 
interests in a permanent global Note (a "Permanent Global Note"); or 
(ii) 
if so specified in the Final Terms, definitive Notes in bearer form ("Definitive Notes") 
and/or (if so specified in the Final Terms) Registered Notes. 
Exchanges of interests in a Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes or, as the case may be, a 
Permanent Global Note will be made only on or after the Exchange Date (as specified in the Final 
Terms) and provided certification as to the non-U.S. beneficial ownership thereof as required by 
U.S. Treasury Regulations (in such form as is customarily issued in such circumstances by the 
relevant clearing system) has been received. An exchange for Registered Notes will be made at 
any time or from such date as may be specified in the Final Terms, in each case, without any 
requirement for certification. 
(2) 
Limitation on entitlement under a Temporary Global Note after Exchange Date: Holders of 
interests in any Temporary Global Note shall not (unless, upon due presentation of such Temporary 
Global Note for exchange (in whole but not in part only) for a Permanent Global Note or for 
delivery of Definitive Notes and/or Registered Notes, such exchange or delivery is improperly 
withheld or refused and such withholding or refusal is continuing at the relevant payment date) be 
entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Notes represented by such Temporary Global Note 
which falls due on or after the Exchange Date or be entitled to exercise any option on a date after 
the Exchange Date. 
(3) 
Certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership: Unless the Final Terms specify that the TEFRA C 
Rules are applicable to the Notes and subject to paragraph (2) above, if any date on which a 
payment of interest is due on the Notes of a Tranche occurs whilst any of the Notes of that Tranche

--- Page 48 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 48 - 
66-41080316 
 
are represented by a Temporary Global Note, the related interest payment will be made on the 
Temporary Global Note only to the extent that certification as to the non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
thereof as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations (in such form as is customarily issued in such 
circumstances by the relevant clearing system) has been received by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or any other relevant clearing system which may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Payments of amounts due in respect of a Permanent Global Note or (subject to paragraph (2) above) 
a Temporary Global Note (if the Final Terms specify that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable to the 
Notes) will be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system without any requirement for certification. 
(4) 
Exchange for Definitive Notes: Interests in a Permanent Global Note will be exchanged (subject to 
the period allowed for delivery as set out in (i) below), in whole but not in part only and at the 
request of the holder of such Global Note, for Definitive Notes and/or (if so specified in the Final 
Terms) Registered Notes (a) if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so 
and, in any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available, or (b) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default)) occurs. The circumstances 
described in (a) and (b) are each herein referred to as an "Exchange Event". Whenever a 
Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes and/or Registered Notes, REN B.V. 
as Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery of such Definitive Notes and/or Registered Notes, duly 
authenticated and where and to the extent applicable, with Coupons and Talons attached (each as 
defined in Condition 1.2 (Form and Denomination – Coupons and Talons)), in an aggregate 
nominal amount equal to the nominal amount of such Permanent Global Note to the Holder of the 
Permanent Global Note against its surrender at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent 
within 30 days of the Holder requesting such exchange. 
Registered Global Notes issued by REN B.V. - Form of Exchange 
(1) 
Registered Global Note: Registered Notes held in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or 
other clearing system) will be represented by a Registered Global Note which will be deposited 
with a common depositary or common safekeeper if the Registered Note is held under the NSS, as 
the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a 
common nominee of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the 
common safekeeper if the Registered Notes are held under the NSS, as specified in the Final Terms 
(or registered in the name of a nominee of, and deposited with, a common depositary for such other 
relevant clearing system). 
(2) 
Exchange: The Registered Global Note will become exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
individual Registered Notes if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and, in any such case no successor clearing 
system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (b) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 
10 (Events of Default)) occurs. The circumstances described in (a) and (b) are each herein referred 
to as an "Exchange Event". 
Whenever the Registered Global Note is to be exchanged for individual Registered Notes, such individual 
Registered Notes will be issued in an aggregate nominal amount equal to the nominal amount of the 
Registered Global Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered Holder 
of the Registered Global Note, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent (as the case may be) of such information as is required to complete and deliver such individual 
Registered Notes (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names 
the Registered Notes are to be registered and the nominal amount of each such person's holding) against 
the surrender of the Registered Global Note at the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent 
(as the case may be). Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in 
particular, shall be effected without charge to any Noteholder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar 
or the Transfer Agent (as the case may be) may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange.

--- Page 49 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 49 - 
66-41080316 
 
Bearer and Registered Global Notes issued by REN B.V. 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or Registered Global Note are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN 
form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
the Global Notes or Registered Global Notes will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper and Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be informed whether or not the Notes are intended to be held as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem ("Eurosystem 
eligible collateral"). 
Depositing the Global Notes or the Registered Global Notes intended to be held as Eurosystem eligible 
collateral with a Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
Eurosystem eligible collateral either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met. In the case of Notes issued in NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be) which are 
not intended to be held as Eurosystem eligible collateral as of their issue date, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future so that such Notes are capable of meeting the eligibility criteria, 
such Notes may then be deposited with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as Common Safekeeper. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes or Registered Notes (as applicable) are 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer 
Notes or Registered Notes (as applicable) are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes 
or Registered Notes (as applicable) of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosysem eligibility criteria. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note (which expression includes a Temporary 
Global Note and a Permanent Global Note) must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
such other clearing system (as the case may be) for such person's share of each payment made by the Issuer 
(REN B.V.) to the bearer of such Global Note (or the registered holder of the Registered Global Note, as 
the case may be), and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes, subject to and in 
accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other 
clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuers in respect 
of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Registered 
Global Note and such obligations of the Issuer (REN B.V.) will be discharged by payment to the bearer of 
such Global Note (or the registered holder of the Registered Global Note, as the case may be), in respect of 
each amount so paid. References in these provisions relating to the Notes in global form to "holder" or 
"accountholder" are to those persons shown in the records of the relevant clearing system as the holder of 
a Note. 
Amendment to Conditions of Registered and Bearer Global Notes 
The Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes and Registered Global Notes contain provisions 
that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
(1) 
Meetings: The holder of a Permanent Global Note or the registered holder of a Registered Global 
Note shall (unless such Permanent Global Note or Registered Global Note represents only one 
Note) be treated as having one vote in respect of each minimum Specified Denomination of Notes 
for which such Global Note may be exchanged. 
(2) 
Cancellation: Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note or Registered 
Global Note that is required by the Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) 
will be effected by a reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant Permanent Global Note or 
Registered Global Note.

--- Page 50 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 50 - 
66-41080316 
 
(3) 
Purchase: Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note or Registered Global Note may only be 
purchased by REN B.V. as Issuer or by any of its subsidiaries if they are purchased together with 
the rights to receive all future payments of interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon. 
(4) 
Payments: Payments of amounts (principal, interest or otherwise) due in respect of Registered 
Notes when in global form, shall be made at the close of the business day (being for this purpose 
a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant 
due date for such payment. 
(5) 
Exercise of Call Options: Any redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer provided for in the 
Conditions of the Notes while such Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note or a 
Registered Global Note shall be exercised by REN B.V. as Issuer giving notice to the holders 
within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except 
that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a 
partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event 
that any option of REN B.V. as Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of 
any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be 
governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system (as the case may be). 
(6) 
Exercise of Put Options: Any redemption at the option of the Noteholders provided for in the 
Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note or a 
Registered Global Note may be exercised by the holder of such Permanent Global Note or 
Registered Global Note, giving notice to the Issue and Paying Agent within the time limits relating 
to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent (other than the Portuguese Paying Agent) or the 
Registrar, in the case of a Registered Global Note substantially in the form of the notice available 
from any Paying Agent (other than the Portuguese Paying Agent), or the Registrar (in the case of 
a Registered Global Note), except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers 
of the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of 
Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time presenting for notation the 
Permanent Global Note or the Registered Global Note to the Issue and Paying Agent, or to a Paying 
Agent acting on behalf of the Issue and Paying Agent, or the Registrar, in the case of a Registered 
Global Note. 
(7) 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 15 (Notices), so long as the Notes of any Series are represented 
by a Permanent Global Note or Registered Global Note and such Permanent Global Note or 
Registered Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system (i) notices to the holders of that 
Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to the clearing system for communication 
by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions and 
any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders on the day after the date on 
which it is given to the clearing system and (ii) notices to be given by any holder of the Series may 
be given to the Issue and Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Issue and Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Book-Entry Notes issued by REN 
Notes to be issued under the Programme by REN will be represented in dematerialised book-entry form 
(forma escritural) and will be nominativas (which means that Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas 
de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa"), at the Issuer's 
(REN) request, can ask the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity of the 
Noteholders and transmit such information to the Issuer). 
Book-Entry Notes will be tradable in integral multiples of their denomination and will be held through the 
accounts of Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, as operator and manager of CVM (Central de Valores 
Mobiliários). 
Clearing and Settlement 
CVM is the centralised system (sistema centralizado) for the registration and control of securities in 
Portugal, (the "Book-Entry Registry" and each entry a "Book-Entry"). CVM is composed of 
interconnected securities accounts, through which securities (and inherent rights) are created, held and

--- Page 51 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 51 - 
66-41080316 
 
transferred. This allows Interbolsa to control the amount of securities created, held and transferred. Issuers 
of securities, financial intermediaries which are Affiliate Members (Direct Registration Entities) of 
Interbolsa (as defined below) and the Bank of Portugal, all participate in this centralised system. 
CVM provides for all the procedures which allow the owners of securities to exercise their rights. 
In relation to each issue of securities, CVM comprises inter alia, (a) the issue account, opened by the 
relevant issuer in CVM and which reflects the full amount of securities issued; (b) the individual accounts, 
opened in the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa (as defined below) by their respective customers; and (c) the 
control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in Interbolsa's centralised 
system, and which reflect, at all times, the aggregate nominal amount of securities held in the individual 
securities accounts opened by holders of securities with each of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. 
Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having an interest in Book-Entry 
Notes shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Book-Entry Notes recorded. 
The expression "Affiliate Member of Interbolsa" means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to 
hold control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of Noteholders and includes any depository banks appointed 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purposes of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Book-Entry Notes registered with Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification 
Number ("ISIN") code through Interbolsa's codification system and will be accepted for registration and 
clearing through the system operated at Interbolsa and settled by Interbolsa's settlement system. 
Exercise of Financial Rights 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be subject to Portuguese laws and regulations, 
notably the regulations from time to time issued and applied by the Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários (the Portuguese Securities Market Commission) and Interbolsa. 
The Issuer (REN) must give Interbolsa advance notice of all payments and provide all necessary 
information for that purpose, notably the identity of the financial intermediary integrated in Interbolsa 
appointed by the Issuer to act as the paying agent in respect of the Notes responsible for the relevant 
payment. 
Prior to any payment such paying agent shall provide Interbolsa with a statement of acceptance of its role 
of Paying Agent. 
Interbolsa must notify such paying agent of the amounts to be settled, which will be determined by 
Interbolsa on the basis of the account balances of the accounts of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. 
On the date on which any payment in respect of the Notes is to be made, the corresponding entries and 
counter-entries will be made by Interbolsa (i) in the Bank of Portugal current accounts held by such paying 
agent and by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa in the case of payments in euro or (ii) in the Caixa Geral 
de Depósitos, S.A. ("CGD") current accounts held by such paying agent and by the Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa in the case of payments in currencies accepted by Interbolsa other than euro. 
Whilst the Notes are held through Interbolsa, payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be (i) if made in euro (a) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the 
Portuguese Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer (REN)) to the payment current accounts used by 
the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for payments in respect of securities held through Interbolsa and 
thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current 
accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be; or (ii) if made in currencies other than euro (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to 
the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, from the account held by the Portuguese Paying Agent in the 
Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by CGD 
to the relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa and thereafter (b) transferred by 
such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners 
of Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and

--- Page 52 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 52 - 
66-41080316 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Listing 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to be 
admitted to trading on its Regulated Market. Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on Euronext Lisbon or by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 53 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 53 - 
66-41080316 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – MINIMUM DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN EUR 100,000 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] ] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]] [Consider any negative target 
market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes] (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID 
II, as applicable.]1 
OR 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, " MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 2 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] ] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable.] 3 
OR 
 
1 
Insert and complete as appropriate where following ICMA 2 approach. 
2 
Insert and complete as appropriate where following ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
3  
Insert and complete as appropriate where following ICMA 2 approach

--- Page 54 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 54 - 
66-41080316 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 4 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).] 
 
 
4  
Insert and complete as appropriate where following ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
5    Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
"Applicable". 
6 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
"Applicable".

--- Page 55 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 55 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
Final Terms dated: [Date] 
[REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A./REN Finance B.V.] 
(Legal Entity Identifier: [549300FR1FN48IGHR915]/[54930019D5P01WQQZF17]) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS7 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so]: 
(i) [in those Non-Exempt Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 8(vi) of Part B below, 
provided such person is a Dealer or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus) 
and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein and that any 
conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(ii) otherwise] in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other 
circumstances. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in any other circumstances. 
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered 
to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 November 2024 [and the supplement 
to the Base Prospectus dated [] (the "Supplement")] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement]. A summary of the issue 
of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms [and] the Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement]. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement] [is/are] available for viewing [at [website]] [and] 
during normal business hours at [REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A., Avenida Estados 
Unidos da América, 55, 1749-061 Lisbon] [REN Finance B.V., De Cuserstraat 93, Unit 205, 1081 CN 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. A summary of this issue of 
Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin and will be available at: www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [7 December 2017 / 5 November 2020 
/ 11 September 2023] [which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 12 November 
2024]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 12 November 2024 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] (the 
"Supplement")] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [7 December 
2017 / 5 November 2020 / 11 September 2023] and are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
 
7 
When preparing Final Terms in relation to an issuance of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated market, EU Prospectus 
Regulation references are to be removed.

--- Page 56 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 56 - 
66-41080316 
 
of these Final Terms[,] [and] the Base Prospectus dated 12 November 2024 [and the Supplement]. Copies 
of such Base Prospectus are available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during normal business hours at 
[REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A., Avenida Estados Unidos da América, 55, 1749-061 
Lisbon] [REN Finance B.V., De Cuserstraat 93, Unit 205, 1081 CN Amsterdam, The Netherlands] [and 
copies may be obtained from [address]]. A summary of this issue of Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin and will be available at: 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A./ REN 
Finance B.V.] 
 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[   ] 
 
 
[(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes will be consolidated, to form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with Tranche [identify earlier tranches] on 
[insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph [25] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [insert date]]].]] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[   ] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date]] 
 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
[   ] 
 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[   /Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed Rate – [   ] 
 
 
 
Floating Rate - Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [   ]] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[EURIBOR/SONIA] +/- [   ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph 14/15/16/17 below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Instalment] 
 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [   ]/[100] per cent. of their nominal amount] 
 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[See 
item 
[14/15/17/18/19/20/21/22/23/24]] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] [Make-whole Amount] 
 
 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option]

--- Page 57 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 57 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
 
[(see paragraph 18/19/20/21 below)] [Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
 
[   ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrears on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[   ] per [   ] 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[   ] per [   ], payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [   ]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual(ICMA))]] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s) / Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[   ] 
 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [   ] 
 
 
(e) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
(f) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
 
[[   ] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[   ] month [EURIBOR/SONIA] 
 
 
• 
Observation Method:  
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
• 
Lag Period:  
[5 / [   ] London Banking Days / Not Applicable]]

--- Page 58 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 58 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period:  [5 / [   ] London Banking Days / Not Applicable]] 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ] 
 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or 
long interest period).] 
 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
Actual/Actual 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 
 
 
360/360 
 
 
Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 
 
 
Eurobond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
  
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[   ] 
 
17. 
Step Up Event 
[Applicable, 
the 
Notes 
constitute 
Step 
Up 
Sustainability-Linked Notes / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 (a) 
Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event: [] 
[and []] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and 
Services) Emissions Event: [] [and []] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Event: [] [and []]

--- Page 59 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 59 - 
66-41080316 
 
 (b) 
Step Up Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [,]/[and/or] [Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Event] 
[and/or] [Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions 
Event]  
 (c) 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Baseline:  
[]]  
 
 (d) 
[Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and 
Services) Emissions Baseline: 
 
[]]  
 
 (e) 
[Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Baseline: 
[]]  
 
 (f) 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Target:  
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Target Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 5.7] 
 (g) 
[Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and 
Services) Emissions Percentage 
Target: 
 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Target Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 5.7] 
 (h) 
[Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Percentage Target: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Target Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 5.7] 
 (i) 
Step Up Margin(s):  
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Event]] 
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 3 
(Use of Sold Products) Emissions Event]] 
[set out additional Step Up Margins in case of the 
occurrence of multiple Step Up Events] 
 (j) 
Notification Deadline:  
[In relation to a [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] 
[,]/[and] [Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) 
Emissions Event] [and] [Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Event], [180] days after [the relevant Target 
Observation Date].] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Note: 
 
[[   ] per [   ]]/[Make-whole Amount] 
 
(c) 
Make-whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 60 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 60 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) Reference Note: 
[[   ]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
Redemption Margin: 
[   ] 
 
Financial Adviser: 
[   ] 
 
Quotation Time: 
[   ] 
 
 
(ii) Discount Rate: 
[[   ]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(iii) Make-whole 
Exemption 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [   ] to (but 
excluding) [   ]/the Maturity Date] 
 
 
(d) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(i) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(e) 
Notice period: 
[   ] days 
 
19. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Notice Period: 
 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Date fixed for redemption: 
[   ] 
 
20. 
Substantial Purchase Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Notice Period: 
 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Percentage: 
[   ] per cent. 
 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Note: 
 
[   ] per [   ] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per [   ]/[Par] 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other 
early redemption: 
 
[   ] per [   ]/[Par] 
24. 
Redemption Premium Event:  
[Applicable, the Notes constitute Redemption Premium 
Sustainability-Linked Notes / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 61 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 61 - 
66-41080316 
 
 (a) 
Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event [] [and 
[]] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and 
Services) Emissions Event [] [and []] 
 
[In respect of the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Event [] [and []] 
 
 (b) 
Redemption Premium Event(s): [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [,]/[and/or] [Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Event] 
[and/or] [Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions 
Event]  
 
 (c) 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions  
Percentage Target: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Target Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 5.7] 
 
 (d) 
[Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and 
Services) Emissions Percentage 
Target: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Target Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 5.7] 
 
 
 (e) 
[Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Percentage Target: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Target Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 5.7] 
 
 (f) 
Redemption 
Premium 
Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions 
Event]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Event]] 
[set out additional Redemption Premiums in case of the 
occurrence of multiple Redemption Premium Events] 
 
 (g) 
Notification Deadline:  
[In relation to a [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] 
[,]/[and] [Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) 
Emissions Event] [and] [Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Event], [180] days after [the relevant Target 
Observation Date].] 
  
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Notes and/or Registered Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date]

--- Page 62 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 62 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
 
 
[Registered Global Note ([     ] nominal amount (  )) 
[registered in the name of a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
exchangeable for Registered Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
 
 
[Book-entry 
form 
held 
through 
Interbolsa: 
Nominativas] 
 
26. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
Interest Amount, to which sub paragraph 15(d) relates] 
 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to definitive Bearer 
Notes: 
 
[No. / Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.]  
29. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
 
[Not Applicable][   ] 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
 
[Not Applicable][   ] 
30. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
 
[[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.].

--- Page 63 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 63 - 
66-41080316 
 
Signed on behalf of [REN – REDES ENERGÉTICAS NACIONAIS, SGPS, S.A. / REN FINANCE 
B.V.] 
 
By:  .....................................................................  
By:  ...................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 64 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 64 - 
66-41080316 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.  LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of [Euronext Dublin with effect from []] 
[Euronext Lisbon with effect from []].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
of [Euronext Dublin with effect from []] [Euronext 
Lisbon with effect from []].] 
 
 
[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[Fungible Notes of the same Series admitted to trading on 
[]] 
2.  RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued have not been specifically 
rated.]/[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
[Moody's: [   ]] 
 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [   ]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [   ]] 
 
 
Each of Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch is 
established in the [EEA/United Kingdom] and is 
registered under Regulation No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
3.  INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the statement below.) 
 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [   ] (Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests.) 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 65 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 65 - 
66-41080316 
 
4.  YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[   ] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
5.  [Floating Rate Notes only - PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/SONIA] rates and volatility can be obtained [but not] free 
of charge from [Reuters / [give details of electronic means of obtaining details of performance].] 
6.  OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
(iii) Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., 
Luxembourg 
and/or 
Interbolsa-Sociedade Gestora 
de Sistemas de Liquidação e 
de Sistemas Centralizados de 
Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as 
operator of the Central de 
Valores Mobiliários [and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s)]: 
[Not Applicable] [   ] 
 
(iv) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(v) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[   ] 
 
(vi) Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. [As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended) apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union or the United Kingdom, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common

--- Page 66 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 66 - 
66-41080316 
 
safekeeper)] [include this text for registered notes]] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] [include this text 
for registered notes]]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7.  DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names and addresses of 
Dealers and underwriting 
commitments / quotas: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments] 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Dealers) 
 
(B) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[   ] 
 
(C) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(iv) Indication 
of 
the 
overall 
amount of the underwriting 
commission and of the placing 
commission: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) Non-Exempt Public Offer: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders of 
this sub-paragraph (vi) and also paragraph 9 below)

--- Page 67 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 67 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
(vii) Non-Exempt 
Public 
Offer 
Jurisdictions:  
Portugal and Ireland 
 
(viii) Offer period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date] 
 
(ix) Financial 
intermediaries 
granted specific consent to use 
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] 
 
(x) 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
 
(xi) Other 
Authorised 
Offeror 
Terms: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised Offeror 
Terms] 
 
 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included here 
where General Consent is Applicable) 
 
(xii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
 
(xiii) Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products, and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
 
(xiv) Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying the selling restrictions) 
8.  REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General Corporate Purposes - See the first paragraph of 
"Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus]  
 
[Green Bonds – An amount equal to the net proceeds from 
the issue of the Notes are intended to be used towards 
REN's Eligible Green Assets. See the second paragraph of 
"Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus for further 
details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks will need to include those reasons 
here.)

--- Page 68 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 68 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) Estimated total expenses:  
[ ] 
[Include breakdown of expenses] 
 
(iv) Green Bond:  
[Yes/ Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(v) 
[Reviewer(s)]:  
[Name of sustainability rating agencies and name of 
third-party assurance agent, if any and details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability] 
 
(vi) 
[Date 
of 
Second 
Party 
Opinion(s)]: 
[ ] 
 
9.  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
[Issuer Price] [ ] 
 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer 
is subject: 
[Not applicable /give details] 
 
(iii) Description of the application 
process: 
[Not applicable /give details] 
 
(iv) Description of possibility to 
reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner for refunding excess 
amount paid by applicants: 
[Not applicable /give details] 
 
(v) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
application: 
[Not applicable /give details] 
 
(vi) Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and 
delivering the Notes: 
[Not applicable /give details] 
 
(vii) Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[Not applicable /give details] 
 
(viii) Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not applicable /give details] 
 
(ix) Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not applicable /give details] 
 
(x) 
Process for notification to 
applicants of the amount 
[Not applicable /give details]

--- Page 69 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 69 - 
66-41080316 
 
allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
 
(xi) Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to 
the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not applicable /give details] 
 
(xii) Name(s) and address(es), to 
the extent known to the Issuer, 
of the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[None/give details] 
[Summary of the Notes from Schedule 4 part 1 of the Procedures Memorandum to be inserted if applicable]

--- Page 70 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 70 - 
66-41080316 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – MINIMUM DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST EUR 100,000 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market8 – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]9 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
8    Insert and complete as appropriate 
9    Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
"Applicable".

--- Page 71 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 71 - 
66-41080316 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) of Singapore.]  
[REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A./REN Finance B.V.] 
(Legal Entity Identifier: [549300FR1FN48IGHR915]/[54930019D5P01WQQZF17]) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS10 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 November 2024 [and the supplement 
to the Base Prospectus dated [] (the "Supplement")] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement]. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms [and] 
the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement]. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement] [is/are] available for 
viewing [at [website]] [and] during normal business hours at [REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, 
S.A., Avenida Estados Unidos da América, 55, 1749-061 Lisbon] [REN Finance B.V., De Cuserstraat 93, 
Unit 205, 1081 CN Amsterdam, The Netherlands] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin and will be available at: 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [7 December 2017 / 5 November 2020 
/ 11 September 2023] [which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 12 November 
2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 12 November 2024 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] (the 
"Supplement")] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [7 December 
2017 / 5 November 2020 / 11 September 2023] and are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms[,] [and] the Base Prospectus dated 12 November 2024 [and the Supplement]. Copies 
of such Base Prospectuses are available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during normal business hours at 
[REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A., Avenida Estados Unidos da América, 55, 1749-061 
Lisbon] [REN Finance B.V., De Cuserstraat 93, Unit 205, 1081 CN Amsterdam, The Netherlands] [and 
copies may be obtained from [address]].] The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin and will be available at: www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, 
S.A./REN Finance B.V.] 
 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[   ] 
 
 
10 
When preparing Final Terms prepared in relation to an issuance of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated market, EU Prospectus 
Regulation references are to be removed.

--- Page 72 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 72 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
[(c) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes will be consolidated, to 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with Tranche [identify earlier tranches] on 
[insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph [25] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[   ] 
 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[   ] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date]] 
 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
[   ] 
 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[   /Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed Rate [   ] 
Floating Rate — Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [   ]] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[[EURIBOR/SONIA] +/- [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph 14/15/16/17 below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Instalment] 
 
 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [   ]/[100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount] 
 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[See item [14/15/17/18/19/20/21/22/23/24]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] [Make-whole Amount] 
 
 
 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
 
 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
 
 
[(see paragraph 18/19/20/21 below)] [Not Applicable]  
13. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[    ]

--- Page 73 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 73 - 
66-41080316 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[  ] per [  ] 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[  ] per [  ], payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [  ]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))]] 
 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[  ] 
 
 
(b) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[  ] 
 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [  ] 
 
 
(e) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
 
(f) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[  ] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
• Reference Rate: 
[  ] month [EURIBOR/SONIA] 
 
 
• Observation Method:  
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
• Lag Period:  
[5 / [  ] London Banking Days / Not Applicable] 
 
 
• Observation Shift Period:  
[5 / [  ] London Banking Days / Not Applicable]

--- Page 74 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 74 - 
66-41080316 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
 
• Relevant Screen Page: 
[  ] 
 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+]/[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)  
 
 
 
Actual/Actual 
 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
 
Actual/365(Sterling) 
 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
 
30/360 
 
 
 
360/360 
 
 
 
Bond Basis 
 
 
 
30E/360 
 
 
 
Eurobond Basis 
 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[  ] 
 
17. 
Step Up Event:  
[Applicable, 
the 
Notes 
constitute 
Step 
Up 
Sustainability-Linked Notes / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event: [] 
[and []] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and 
Services) Emissions Event: [] [and []]

--- Page 75 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 75 - 
66-41080316 
 
[In respect of the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Event: [] [and []] 
 
(b) 
Step Up Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [,]/[and/or] [Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Event] 
[and/or] [Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions 
Event]  
 
 
(c) 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Baseline:  
[]]  
 
 
 
(d) 
[Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and 
Services) Emissions Baseline: 
 
[]]  
 
 
 
(e) 
[Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Baseline: 
[]]  
 
 
 
(f) 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Target: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Target Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 5.7] 
 
 
(g) 
[Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and 
Services) Emissions Percentage 
Target: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Target Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 5.7] 
 
 
(h) 
[Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Percentage Target: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Target Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 5.7] 
 
 
(i) 
Step Up Margin(s):  
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 
1 and 2 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 
3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Event]] 
[[] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of a Scope 
3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Event]] 
[set out additional Step Up Margins in case of the 
occurrence of multiple Step Up Events] 
 
 
(j) 
Notification Deadline:  
[In relation to a [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] 
[,]/[and] [Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) 
Emissions Event] [and] [Scope 3 (Use of Sold 
Products) Emissions Event], [180] days after [the 
relevant Target Observation Date].] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ]

--- Page 76 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 76 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Note: 
[[  ] per [  ]]/[Make-whole Amount] 
 
 
(c) 
Make-whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Note: 
[[  ]/Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Redemption Margin: 
[  ] 
 
 
Financial Adviser: 
[  ] 
 
 
Quotation Time: 
[  ] 
 
 
(ii) 
Discount Rate: 
[[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Make-whole 
Exemption Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [  ] to (but 
excluding) [  ]/the Maturity Date] 
 
 
(d) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] 
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ]  
 
 
(e) 
Notice period: 
[  ] days 
 
19. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[  ] 
 
 
(b) 
Date fixed for redemption: 
[  ] 
 
20. 
Substantial Purchase Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[  ]  
 
 
(b) 
Percentage: 
[  ] per cent. 
 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ] 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Note: 
[  ] per [  ] 
 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per [  ]/[Par] 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[  ] per [  ]/[Par]

--- Page 77 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 77 - 
66-41080316 
 
24. 
Redemption Premium Event:  
[Applicable, 
the 
Notes 
constitute 
Redemption 
Premium 
Sustainability-Linked 
Notes 
/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Reference Year(s): 
[In respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event [] 
[and []] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and 
Services) Emissions Event [] [and []] 
[In respect of the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Event [] [and []] 
 
 
(b) 
Redemption 
Premium 
Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [,]/[and/or] [Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Event] 
[and/or] [Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions 
Event] 
 
 
(c) 
 [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Target: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Target Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 5.7] 
 
 
(d) 
 [Scope 3 (Purchased Goods 
and 
Services) 
Emissions 
Percentage Target: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Target Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 5.7] 
 
 
(e) 
 [Scope 
3 
(Use 
of 
Sold 
Products) 
Emissions 
Percentage Target: 
[] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included] 
subject to increase as specified in a Target Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 5.7] 
 
 
(f) 
Redemption 
Premium 
Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions 
Event]] 
[[] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Event]] 
[set out additional Redemption Premiums in case of 
the occurrence of multiple Redemption Premium 
Events] 
 
 
(g)         Notification Deadline:  
[In relation to a [Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] 
[,]/[and] [Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) 
Emissions Event] [and] [Scope 3 (Use of Sold 
Products) Emissions Event], [180] days after [the 
relevant Target Observation Date].]

--- Page 78 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 78 - 
66-41080316 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
 
 
[Registered Global Note ([  ] nominal amount ([  ])) 
[registered in the name of a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] exchangeable for Registered Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
 
[Book-entry 
form 
held 
through 
Interbolsa: 
Nominativas] 
 
26. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
Interest Amount, to which sub-paragraph 15(d) 
relates] 
 
 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to definitive Bearer 
Notes: 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
left.] 
 
29. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable][    ] 
 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] [    ] 
 
30. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
 
 
[[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.].

--- Page 79 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 79 - 
66-41080316 
 
Signed on behalf of [REN – REDES ENERGÉTICAS NACIONAIS, SGPS, S.A./REN FINANCE 
B.V.] 
 
By:  .....................................................................  
By:  ...................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 80 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 80 - 
66-41080316 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market of [Euronext Dublin with 
effect from []] [Euronext Lisbon with effect from 
[]].] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of [Euronext 
Dublin with effect from []] [Euronext Lisbon with 
effect from []].] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Fungible Notes of the same Series admitted to 
trading on []] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued have not been specifically 
rated.]/[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
[Moody's: [   ]] 
 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [   ]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [              ]] 
 
 
Each of Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch is 
established in the [EEA/United Kingdom] and is 
registered under Regulation No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the statement below:) 
 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [   ] (Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests.)

--- Page 81 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 81 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only)  
 
Indication of yield: 
[  ] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
5. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES] 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/SONIA] rates and volatility can be obtained [but not] 
free of charge from [Reuters / [give details of electronic means of obtaining details of 
performance].] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
(iii) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and/or 
Interbolsa-Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas de Liquidação e de 
Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A. as operator of 
the Central de Valores Mobiliários 
[and the relevant identification 
number(s)]: 
[Not Applicable] [    ] 
 
(iv) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(v) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[  ] 
 
(vi) Relevant Benchmark[s]:  
[EURIBOR/SONIA] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name][repeat as necessary]. 
[As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (as amended) apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union or the United 
Kingdom, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable]

--- Page 82 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 82 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
(vii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] 
[include this text for registered notes]] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
criteria 
have 
been 
met.]/[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
"no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper)] [include this text 
for registered notes]]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 83 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 83 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying the selling restriction) 
8. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General Corporate Purposes - See the first 
paragraph of "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus]  
 
[Green Bonds – An amount equal to the net 
proceeds from the issue of the Notes are intended 
to be used towards REN's Eligible Green Assets. 
See the second paragraph of "Use of Proceeds" in 
the Base Prospectus for further details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks will 
need to include those reasons here.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
 
(iii) Estimated total expenses:  
[ ] 
[Include breakdown of expenses] 
 
(iv) Green Bond:  
[Yes/ Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(v) 
[Reviewer(s)]:  
[Name of sustainability rating agencies and name 
of third-party assurance agent, if any and details 
of compliance opinion(s) and availability] 
 
(vi)     [Date of Second Party Opinion(s)]: 
[ ]

--- Page 84 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 84 - 
66-41080316 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be applicable to each Note (as defined 
below) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue. The applicable Final 
Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes will complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose 
of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be applicable to each 
Note. Reference should be made to "Form of Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Each Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by an Issuer (the "Issuer") which will be, 
as specified in the Final Terms (as defined below), either REN-Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. 
("REN") or REN Finance B.V. ("REN B.V.") and (except in the case of Notes issued by REN in book-
entry form ("Book-Entry Notes")) constituted by a Ninth Supplemental Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Trust Deed") dated on or around 12 
November 2024 made between REN B.V., REN and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", 
which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). Book-Entry Notes are integrated in the Interbolsa 
book-entry system and governed by these conditions and a deed poll given by REN in favour of the Book-
Entry Noteholders dated on or around 12 November 2024 (the "Interbolsa Instrument"). REN will only 
issue Book-Entry Notes. 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
amended and restated agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 11 September 2023 and made and agreed 
between the Issuers, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issue and paying agent in respect of Non-Book-
Entry Notes and agent bank (the "Issue and Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor 
agent), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A. as registrar and transfer agent in respect of Notes in registered 
form and as paying agent (the "Registrar" and "Transfer Agent", which expression shall include any 
additional or successor registrar and/or transfer agents, as applicable), Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
as the paying agent in Portugal in respect of Book-Entry Notes (the "Portuguese Paying Agent" and, 
together with the Issue and Paying Agent and the other paying agents named in the Agency Agreement, 
unless the context otherwise requires, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional 
or successor paying agents) and the Trustee. 
The final terms for each Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) complete these Terms and Conditions. 
References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof), in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes, attached to or endorsed on the Note. 
In respect of Notes issued by REN B.V., REN B.V. has the benefit of a Keep Well Agreement (the "Keep 
Well Agreement") dated 21 July 2014 made between REN and REN B.V. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders of the Bearer Notes (as defined below) for the time being of 
the Note, of the Receipts (as defined below) and of the Coupons (as defined below) (which expression shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons (as defined below)) and of the 
holders of the Registered Notes (as defined below), all in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same terms 
and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Keep Well Agreement are available for inspection 
by Holders, Receiptholders and Couponholders during normal business hours at the specified office of each 
of the Paying Agents (following prior written request to the relevant Paying Agent and the provision of 
proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent)), other than the 
Portuguese Paying Agent. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Interbolsa Instrument are available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Portuguese Paying Agent. Copies of 
the applicable Final Terms in respect of the Non-Book-Entry Notes are obtainable during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the Paying Agents, other than the Portuguese Paying Agent. Copies of the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of the Book-Entry Notes are obtainable during normal business hours at

--- Page 85 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 85 - 
66-41080316 
 
the specified office of the Portuguese Paying Agent. The Non-Book-Entry Noteholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the applicable provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement, the Keep Well Agreement and the applicable Final Terms. The Book-Entry Noteholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the applicable provisions of the Agency 
Agreement, the Interbolsa Instrument and the applicable Final Terms. The statements in these Terms and 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed (in the case 
of Non-Book-Entry Notes) or the Interbolsa Instrument (in the case of Book-Entry Notes). 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument or the Agency Agreement or 
used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions 
unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, (i) in the case of Non-
Book-Entry Notes, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the 
Trust Deed will prevail and in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail; and (ii) in the case of Book-Entry 
Notes, in the event of inconsistency between the Interbolsa Instrument and the Agency Agreement, the 
Interbolsa Instrument will prevail and in the event of inconsistency between the Interbolsa Instrument, the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
Reference in these Terms and Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or 
other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such 
legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
1. 
FORM AND DENOMINATION 
Non-Book-Entry Notes 
1.1 
Form: Non-Book-Entry Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form 
("Registered Notes"), as specified in the Final Terms and are serially numbered. Registered Notes 
are not exchangeable for Bearer Notes. 
1.2 
Coupons and Talons: Interest-bearing Bearer Notes have attached thereto, at the time of their 
initial delivery, coupons ("Coupons"), presentation of which will be a prerequisite to the payment 
of interest save in certain circumstances specified herein. In addition, if so specified in the Final 
Terms, such Notes which have more than 27 Coupon payments have attached thereto, at the time 
of their initial delivery, a talon ("Talon") for further coupons and the expression "Coupons" shall, 
where the context so requires, include Talons. 
1.3 
Interest Basis: Each Non-Book-Entry Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a 
Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.4 
Redemption/Payment Basis: Each Non-Book-Entry Note may be an Instalment Note, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. "Instalment Note" means a Note, the principal amount of 
which is repayable by instalments. 
1.5 
Instalment Notes: Bearer Notes which are Instalment Notes have attached thereto, at the time of 
their initial delivery, payment receipts ("Receipts") in respect of the instalments of principal. 
1.6 
Denomination of Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination or 
Denominations (each of which denominations is integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the 
public in a member state of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation will be EUR 1,000 (or if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). Bearer 
Notes of one denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of any other denomination. 
1.7 
Specified Denomination of Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the minimum Specified 
Denomination specified in the applicable Final Terms or integral multiples thereof provided that 
the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a member state of the European Economic 
Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus

--- Page 86 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 86 - 
66-41080316 
 
Regulation will be EUR 1,000 (or if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
1.8 
Currency of Notes: The Non-Book-Entry Notes are denominated in such Specified Currency as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any currency may be so specified, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Book-Entry Notes 
1.9 
Form: The Book-Entry Notes are held through Interbolsa in book-entry form (forma escritural) 
and are nominativas (which means that Interbolsa, at the Issuer's request, can ask the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity of the Noteholders and transmit such 
information to the Issuer). 
1.10 
Registration: The Book-Entry Notes will be registered by Interbolsa as management entity of the 
Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities (Central de Valores Mobiliários) 
("CVM"). Each person shown in the relevant individual securities accounts held with an Affiliate 
Member of Interbolsa as having an interest in Book-Entry Notes shall be treated as the Holder of 
the principal amount of the Book-Entry Notes recorded therein. One or more certificates in relation 
to the Book-Entry Notes (each a "Certificate") will be delivered by the relevant Affiliate Member 
of Interbolsa in respect of its holding of Notes upon the request by the relevant Noteholder and in 
accordance with that Affiliate Member of Interbolsa's procedures and pursuant to article 78 of the 
Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários). 
1.11 
Interest Basis: Each Book-Entry Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero 
Coupon Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.12 
Redemption/Payment Basis: Each Book-Entry Note may be an Instalment Note, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
1.13 
Denomination of Book-Entry Notes: Book-Entry Notes are in the Specified Denomination or 
Denominations specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that the minimum denomination 
of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or 
offered to the public in a member state of the European Economic Area in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation will be EUR 1,000 (or 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). Book-Entry Notes of one denomination may not be exchanged for Book-Entry Notes of 
any other denomination. 
1.14 
Currency of Notes: The Book-Entry Notes will be denominated in euro or in such other currency 
as can be settled through Interbolsa, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
2. 
TITLE AND TRANSFERS OF NOTES 
2.1 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons is transferred by delivery. 
2.2 
Title to Registered Notes: Title to Registered Notes is transferred by registration in the register 
which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar outside the United Kingdom (the 
"Register"). 
2.3 
Holder as Owner: The Holder of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Registered Note will 
(except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust 
or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no person 
shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or 
condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
2.4 
Transfer of Registered Notes: A Registered Note may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth in the Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part 
is, or is an integral multiple of, the minimum Specified Denomination) upon the surrender of the

--- Page 87 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 87 - 
66-41080316 
 
Registered Note to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed 
and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. A new Registered Note 
will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Note, a 
new Registered Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
2.5 
Exchange of Bearer Notes: If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Holder of Bearer Notes 
may exchange the same for the same aggregate nominal amount of Registered Notes upon the 
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement. In order to exchange a 
Bearer Note for a Registered Note, the Holder thereof shall surrender such Bearer Note at the 
specified office outside the United States of the Registrar or of any Transfer Agent together with a 
written request for the exchange. Each Bearer Note so surrendered must be accompanied by all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons appertaining thereto other than the Coupon in respect of the next 
payment of interest falling due after the exchange date (as defined in Condition 2.6) where the 
exchange date would, but for the provisions of Condition 2.6, occur between the Record Date (as 
defined in Condition 6.4) for such payment of interest and the date on which such payment of 
interest falls due. 
2.6 
New Registered Notes: Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of a Registered 
Note or the exchange of a Bearer Note for a Registered Note will, within five Relevant Banking 
Days of the transfer date or, as the case may be, the exchange date, be available for collection by 
each relevant Holder at the specified office of the Registrar or, at the option of the Holder 
requesting such exchange or transfer be mailed (by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder(s) 
entitled thereto) to such address(es) as may be specified by such Holder. For these purposes, a form 
of transfer or request for exchange received by the Registrar or a Transfer Agent after the Record 
Date in respect of any payment due in respect of Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be 
effectively received by the Registrar or a Transfer Agent until the day following the due date for 
such payment. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
(a) 
"Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located and, in the case only of an exchange of a 
Bearer Note for a Registered Note where such request for exchange is made to a Transfer 
Agent, in the place where the specified office of such Transfer Agent is located; 
(b) 
the "exchange date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Bearer Note shall have been surrendered for exchange in accordance with 
Condition 2.5; and 
(c) 
the "transfer date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Registered Note shall have been surrendered for transfer in accordance with 
Condition 2.4. 
2.7 
No Charges upon Transfer or Exchange: The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer or on the 
exchange of Bearer Notes for Registered Notes will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Registrar or Transfer Agent, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by 
the applicant of such indemnity as the Issuer, the Registrar or such Transfer Agent may require in 
respect of) any tax, duty or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation thereto. 
2.8 
Transfer of Book-Entry Notes: Title to the Book-Entry Notes is transferred upon registration in 
the relevant individual securities accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. Any Book-
Entry Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes and no person will be liable for so treating the Book-Entry Noteholder. 
Any reference herein to Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, wherever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and 
expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or 
expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require 
the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that 
may be imposed in relation to the registration.

--- Page 88 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 88 - 
66-41080316 
 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the relevant 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 
(Negative Pledge)) and unsubordinated obligations of such Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) neither the 
Issuer nor, if REN B.V. is the Issuer, REN will create, save by operation of law, or have outstanding 
any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a "Security Interest") other than 
any Permitted Security, as defined below, upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future 
business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer or, if the Issuer is REN B.V., REN, in the case 
of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, 
takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Notes and, if applicable, REN's obligations 
under the Keep Well Agreement, are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably 
with the Relevant Indebtedness (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes, to the satisfaction 
of the Trustee); or 
(b) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of 
a Security Interest) is provided as the Trustee, in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes, shall 
in its absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the interests of the 
Noteholders or, in the case of both Book-Entry and Non-Book-Entry Notes, which shall 
be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed in relation to 
Non-Book-Entry Notes and as defined in the Interbolsa Instrument in relation to Book-
Entry Notes) of the Noteholders. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock, loan stock or other securities (not including for the avoidance of doubt, preference shares or 
other equity securities) which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market, and (ii) any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness. 
"Permitted Security" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a consolidation or merger of REN with or into another company (the 
"Combining Company") any Security Interest over assets of REN if it is the surviving 
company or the company (if other than REN) surviving or formed by such consolidation 
or merger provided that: (i) such Security Interest was created by the Combining Company 
over assets owned by it, (ii) such Security Interest is existing at the time of such 
consolidation or merger, (iii) such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of 
such consolidation or merger and (iv) the amount secured by such Security Interest is not 
increased thereafter; or 
(ii) 
any Security Interest on or with respect to assets (including but not limited to receivables) 
of the Issuer or, if the Issuer is REN B.V., REN, which is created pursuant to any 
securitisation or like arrangement in accordance with normal market practice and whereby 
the indebtedness secured by such Security Interest or the indebtedness in respect of any 
guarantee or indemnity which is secured by such Security Interest is limited to the value 
of such assets; or 
(iii) 
any Security Interest securing any indebtedness incurred in relation to any asset for the 
purpose of financing the whole or any part of the acquisition, creation, construction, 
improvement or development of such asset where the financial institutions to whom such

--- Page 89 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 89 - 
66-41080316 
 
indebtedness is owed have recourse solely to the applicable project borrower (where such 
project borrower is formed solely or principally for the purpose of the relevant project) 
and/or such asset (or any derivative asset thereof) and/or the shares held in such project 
borrower. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 5.5 (if applicable) below, each Fixed Rate Note bears interest 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) 
of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to 
the Fixed Coupon Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such 
sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction specified in the Final Terms, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an 
Interest Amount in accordance with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
1. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
2. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 
360.

--- Page 90 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 90 - 
66-41080316 
 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA) 
(A) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Subject as provided in Condition 5.5 (if applicable) below, each Floating Rate Note bears 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be 
payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls in the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5.2(A)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) 
in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in 
the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 91 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 91 - 
66-41080316 
 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Additional Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Book-Entry Noteholders" shall mean the holders of the Book-Entry Notes; 
"Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre(s) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any 
Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system (the "T2 System") is open. 
"Non-Book-Entry Noteholders" shall mean the holders of the Non-Book-Entry Notes; 
"Non-Book-Entry Notes" shall mean the Bearer Notes and the Registered Notes; and 
"Noteholders" or "Holders" shall mean: 
(i) 
in the case of Bearer Notes, the holders of the Bearer Notes; 
(ii) 
in the case of Registered Notes, the persons in whose name the Registered Notes 
are registered; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Book-Entry Notes, the person in whose name a Book-Entry Note is 
registered in the relevant individual securities accounts held with an Affiliate 
Member of Interbolsa (as defined in Condition 21 (Definitions)) in accordance 
with Portuguese law and the relevant Interbolsa procedures and, for the purposes 
of Condition 8 (Taxation), the effective beneficiary of the income attributable 
thereto; 
and "holder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall (where appropriate) be 
construed accordingly, 
(B) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
1. 
the offered quotation; or 
2. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,

--- Page 92 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 92 - 
66-41080316 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (EURIBOR as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page specified in the applicable Final Terms (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR (the "Specified Time")) on the Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Issue and Paying Agent (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), 
the Portuguese Paying Agent (in the case of Book-Entry Notes) or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Issue and 
Paying Agent, the Portuguese Paying Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
or, as applicable, the relevant Calculation Agent, of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, or if no offered quotation appears or 
fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, 
the Issuer shall appoint a Determination Agent and the Determination Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide it with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Determination Agent with 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Determination Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
the rate per annum which the Determination Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) 
the Determination Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Determination Agent with offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Determination 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
In these Terms and Conditions:

--- Page 93 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 93 - 
66-41080316 
 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone offices of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Determination Agent; and 
"Determination Agent" means a leading investment bank which is an active 
market participant in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR), in each case as selected by the Issuer. 
(ii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and Linear 
Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable in respect of 
an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for that Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Issue and Paying Agent (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), the 
Portuguese Paying Agent (in the case of Book-Entry Notes) or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates (each 
determined in the same manner as set out above for the Reference Rate) which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page specified in the applicable Final Terms as at 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as the Issuer determines appropriate. 
 
(C) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 5.2 above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 5.2 above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(D) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Issue and Paying Agent (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), the Portuguese 
Paying Agent (in the case of Book-Entry Notes) or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified, or, where applicable, the 
Determination Agent, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent, if any, will notify the Issue and Paying Agent or the Portuguese 
Paying Agent, as applicable, of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon 
as practicable after calculating the same.

--- Page 94 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 94 - 
66-41080316 
 
The Issue and Paying Agent (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), the Portuguese 
Paying Agent (in the case of Book-Entry Notes) or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified, or, where applicable, the 
Determination Agent, will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Floating Rate 
Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each 
Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an Interest Amount for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 95 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 95 - 
66-41080316 
 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(E) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Issue and Paying Agent (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), the Portuguese 
Paying Agent (in the case of Book-Entry Notes) or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified, or, where applicable, the 
Determination Agent, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each

--- Page 96 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 96 - 
66-41080316 
 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Trustee (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), the Issue and Paying Agent or the 
Portuguese Paying Agent, as the case may be (if the Calculation Agent is an entity other 
than the Issue and Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, as the case may be) and 
to any Stock Exchange or other relevant competent listing authority or quotation system 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed, quoted and/or 
traded (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth Lisbon Business Day thereafter in the 
case of Book-Entry Notes or, in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes, the fourth Lisbon and 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will be promptly notified to 
each Stock Exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing or 
trading and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression Lisbon Business Day means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business in Lisbon; and the expression London Business Day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business in London. 
 
(F) 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.2 and in the case of SONIA-
linked Notes to the operation of Condition 5.3, if REN (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest)) determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period 
remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then REN shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, no later than 5 Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(F)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, (in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(F)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
5.2(F)(iv)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Trustee (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), 
the Issue and Paying Agent, the Portuguese Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, or the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable), shall be obliged to monitor or inquire whether a 
Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof.  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), the Issue and 
Paying Agent, the Portuguese Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be 
or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.2(F). 
(i) 
If (a) REN is unable, having used its reasonable endeavours, to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or (b) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate and, in each 
case, an Adjustment Spread, in accordance with this Condition 5.2(F) prior to the 
date which is 3 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be 
the Reference Rate determined on the last preceding Interest Determination Date. 
If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the 
Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, 
any adjustment pursuant to this final paragraph of Condition 5.2(F) shall apply to 
the immediately following Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period 
may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.2(F).

--- Page 97 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 97 - 
66-41080316 
 
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5.2(F)(iii)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for the immediately following Interest 
Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5.2(F); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5.2(F)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.2(F). 
(iii) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(F), the Independent Adviser shall determine an Adjustment Spread 
(which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for 
determining the applicable Adjustment Spread). The Adjustment Spread shall 
apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), subject 
to any subsequent further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 
5.2(F). 
(iv) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(F) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in its discretion: (a) that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust 
Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (b) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then REN and REN B.V. shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5.2(F)(v), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee (in the case 
of Non-Book-Entry Notes), the Issue and Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying 
Agent shall, at the direction and expense of REN, consent to and effect such 
consequential amendments to the Trust Deed (in the case of Non-Book-Entry 
Notes), the Interbolsa Instrument, the Agency Agreement and these Conditions 
as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 5.2(F), subject to 
receipt by the Trustee (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), the Issue and 
Paying Agent, the Portuguese Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (if 
applicable) of the certificate referred to in Condition 5.2(F)(vi), provided however, 
that neither the Trustee (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), the Calculation 
Agent nor the Issue and Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent shall be 
obliged so to concur if in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee (in the case of 
Non-Book-Entry Notes), the Calculation Agent or the Issue and Paying Agent or 
the Portuguese Paying Agent (as applicable) doing so would have the effect of 
imposing more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions in these 
Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed.  
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.2(F) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee (in the case of Non-Book-Entry 
Notes), the Issue and Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable), the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 98 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 98 - 
66-41080316 
 
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Trustee (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable), the Issue and Paying Agent or the Portuguese 
Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee (in the case of 
Non-Book-Entry Notes), the Issue and Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying 
Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, 
(z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific 
terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.2(F); 
and 
(b) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry 
and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread and such Benchmark Amendments 
(if any)) be binding on the Issuer (and, if REN B.V. is the Issuer, REN), the 
Trustee (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), the Issue and Paying Agent or the 
Portuguese Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) and the 
Noteholders. 
(viii) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of REN and/or REN B.V., as appropriate, 
under Condition 5.2(F) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(B) will continue to apply unless and until 
the Calculation Agent or the person specified in the Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest has been notified of the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(F)(v). 
(ix) 
If, in the case of any Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread is notified to the Issue and Paying Agent and the 
Portuguese Paying Agent or, as applicable, the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 5.2(F)(v), and the Issue and Paying Agent, the Portuguese Paying 
Agent or, as applicable, the Calculation Agent is in any way uncertain as to the 
application of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
in the calculation or determination of any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof), it shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Issue and Paying Agent, the Portuguese Paying Agent or, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent in writing (which direction may be by way of a written 
determination of an Independent Advisor) as to which course of action to adopt 
in the application of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread in the determination of such Rate of Interest. If the Issue and Paying Agent, 
the Portuguese Paying Agent or, as applicable, the Calculation Agent is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Issue and Paying Agent, the Portuguese Paying Agent or, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. For the avoidance 
of doubt, for the period that the Issue and Paying Agent, the Portuguese Paying 
Agent or, as applicable, the Calculation Agent remains uncertain of the 
application of the Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in 
the calculation or determination of any Rate of Interest (or any component part

--- Page 99 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 99 - 
66-41080316 
 
thereof), the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Conditions 5.2(F) will continue to apply. 
(x) 
If REN (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest)) 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when the Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by 
reference to any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, then REN shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, no later than 5 
Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period to determine a further Successor Rate, failing which a 
further Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5.2(F)(ii)) and, in either 
case, a further Adjustment Spread, (in accordance with Condition 5.2(F)(iii)) and 
any further Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.2(F)(iv)), 
in each case as though references in this Condition 5.2(F) to the Reference Rate 
were references to such originally determined Successor Rate or Alternative Rate.  
As used in this Condition 5.2(F): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
(if no such determination has been made), the Independent Adviser determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or 
(d) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5.2(F)(ii) as customary in market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the Specified Currency. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(F). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published for a period of at least five 
consecutive Business Days or more on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of 
such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased, or will, by a specified date, cease 
publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue

--- Page 100 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 100 - 
66-41080316 
 
publication of such Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to 
the date specified in (b)(A); or 
(c) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been 
or will, by a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) 
the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (c)(A); or 
(d) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such Reference Rate will, by a 
specified date, be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (d)(A); or 
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate 
is no longer representative or will no longer be representative of an underlying 
market; or 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Issue and Paying Agent, the Portuguese Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, 
under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by REN at its own expense under Condition 5.2(F)(i). 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
Reference Rate and includes any component part thereof. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(G) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2, whether by the Issue and Paying Agent (in the case of Non-Book-Entry 
Notes), the Portuguese Paying Agent (in the case of Book-Entry Notes) or the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable) shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, REN (if the Issuer is REN B.V.), the Trustee and the Issue and 
Paying Agent (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), the Portuguese Paying Agent (in 
the case of Book-Entry Notes), the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability

--- Page 101 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 101 - 
66-41080316 
 
to the Issuer, REN (if the Issuer is REN B.V.) or the Noteholders shall attach to the Issue 
and Paying Agent, the Portuguese Paying Agent, or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
This Condition 5.3 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
Subject as provided in Condition 5.5 (if applicable) below, where "SONIA" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.3: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
365
𝑑
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable); 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;

--- Page 102 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 102 - 
66-41080316 
 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in 
the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on 
the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be, subject to Condition 5.2(F) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) 
(i) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day; plus the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference 
Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
or (b) if this is more recent, the latest determined rate under (i) above. 
Subject to Condition 5.2(F) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.3, the Rate of Interest 
shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no

--- Page 103 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 103 - 
66-41080316 
 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10 (Events of default) or are 
otherwise redeemed on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the definition specified above, be deemed to be the date 
on which the Notes became due and payable or are to be redeemed (as applicable) and the Rate of 
Interest on the Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on 
such date. 
5.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
if applicable, or, in the case of a Book-Entry Note presentation of the relevant Certificate in respect 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue as provided in the Trust Deed (in relation to Non-Book-Entry Notes) and as 
provided in the Interbolsa Instrument (in relation to Book-Entry Notes). 
5.5 
Step Up Event 
This Condition 5.5 (Step Up Event) applies to Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms 
indicate that the Step Up Event is applicable (the "Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes"). The 
Rate of Interest for Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in, 
or determined in the manner specified in Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes), Condition 
5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA)) or 
Condition 5.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA), as applicable, and in the 
relevant Final Terms, provided that if a Step Up Event has occurred, then for the calculation of the 
Interest Amount with respect to any Interest Period commencing following the occurrence of a 
Step Up Event (excluding, if a Step Up Event has occurred on the first day of an Interest Period, 
such Interest Period), (i) the Rate of Interest in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, or (ii) the Margin in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes, shall be increased by the applicable Step Up Margin specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination as to whether the condition set out in sub-paragraph 
(b) of each Sustainability-Linked Note Condition has been satisfied in respect of a Target 
Observation Date may only occur following the publication of the SLB Progress Report in respect 
of such Target Observation Date or, if later, following the Notification Deadline in respect of such 
Target Observation Date, as the case may be.  
The Issuer will give written notice of the occurrence of a Step Up Event or satisfaction of the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, to the 
Trustee, to the Issue and Paying Agent or the Portuguese Paying Agent (as applicable), the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence and, in respect of a Step Up Event, 
by no later than the Step Up Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Rate of 
Interest (in the case that of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
and, in the case of a Step Up Event, the Step Up Margin and the Step Up Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest resulting from a Step Up Event may 
occur only once in respect of Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes and the Step Up Margin will 
not subsequently be disapplied, reduced or increased, regardless of whether or not either the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition is subsequently satisfied or ceases to be satisfied. 
Accordingly, if a Step Up Event occurs, the Rate of Interest, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, or 
the Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, shall be increased by the Step Up Margin from the 
Interest Period commencing following the occurrence of a Step Up Event (excluding, if a Step Up 
Event has occurred on the first day of an Interest Period, such Interest Period), but there shall be 
no further change to the Step Up Margin regardless of whether or not either such condition is 
subsequently satisfied or ceases to be satisfied.

--- Page 104 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 104 - 
66-41080316 
 
Neither the Trustee, the Issue and Paying Agent nor the Portuguese Paying Agent shall be obliged 
to monitor or inquire as to whether a Step Up Event has occurred or have any liability in respect 
thereof. 
5.6 
Redemption Premium Event 
This Condition 5.6 (Redemption Premium Event) applies to Notes in respect of which the relevant 
Final Terms indicate that the Redemption Premium Event is applicable (the "Redemption 
Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes"). If a Redemption Premium Event is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Redemption Premium Event has occurred, then 
upon redemption of any Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes in accordance with 
these Conditions, each such Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Note shall be redeemed 
at its applicable Redemption Amount plus the Redemption Premium Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and applicable to such Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes 
and references to the applicable Redemption Amount in these Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination as to whether the condition set out in sub-paragraph 
(b) of each Sustainability-Linked Note Condition has been satisfied in respect of a Target 
Observation Date may only occur following the publication of the SLB Progress Report in respect 
of such Target Observation Date or, if later, following the Notification Deadline for such Target 
Observation Date, as the case may be.  
The Issuer will give written notice of the occurrence of a Redemption Premium Event or 
satisfaction of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, to the Trustee, to the Issue and Paying Agent or to the Portuguese Paying Agent (as 
applicable), the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the application of the relevant Redemption Premium Amount may 
occur only once in respect of Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes and the relevant 
Redemption Premium Amount may not subsequently be disapplied, reduced or increased, 
regardless of whether or not either the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition is 
subsequently satisfied or ceases to be satisfied. 
Neither the Trustee, the Issue and Paying Agent nor the Portuguese Paying Agent shall be obliged 
to monitor or inquire as to whether a Redemption Premium Event has occurred or have any liability 
in respect thereof. 
5.7 
Target Increase 
The Issuer shall have the right, in its absolute discretion, and without obligation, at any time to 
increase the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Target, the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and 
Services) Emissions Percentage Target and/or the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions 
Percentage Target with respect to the Sustainability-Linked Notes. The Issuer will give written 
notice of such increase to the Trustee, to the Issue and Paying Agent or to the Portuguese Paying 
Agent (as applicable), the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable (a "Target Increase 
Notice"). Any Target  Increase Notice shall be unconditional and irrevocable (subject only to any 
subsequent Target Increase Notice further increasing the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Target, the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage Target and/or the Scope 
3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Percentage Target, if applicable) and shall specify the date on 
which any such increase is effective (the "Target Increase Effective Date"), which for the 
avoidance of doubt may be the date of the Target Increase Notice or such other date as may be 
specified. On the relevant Target Increase Effective Date, the increase of the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Target, the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage 
Target and/or the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Percentage Target, as applicable, will 
be effective and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
By subscribing for, or purchasing, a Sustainability-Linked Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed 
to have agreed to, and accepted, any increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Target,

--- Page 105 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 105 - 
66-41080316 
 
the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage Target and/or the Scope 3 (Use 
of Sold Products) Emissions Percentage Target, as applicable, made in accordance with this 
Condition 5.7, without the need of any consent of the Noteholders. 
In these Conditions:  
"Assurance Provider" means, at any time, either (i) the external auditors of REN from time to 
time appointed by REN to audit REN's financial statements; or (ii) a qualified provider of third 
party assurance or attestation services, appointed by REN, with the expertise necessary to perform 
the functions required to be performed by the Assurance Provider under these Conditions, as 
determined in good faith by REN; 
"GHG Protocol Standard" means the document titled "The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)" (including all appendices 
thereto) published by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World 
Resources Institute (as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Notes); 
"Notification Deadline" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Recalculation Event" means, in relation to each of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 
1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Target, Scope 3 (Purchased 
Goods and Services) Emissions Amount, Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions 
Baseline and Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage Target, Scope 3 (Use 
of Sold Products) Emissions Amount, Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Baseline and 
Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Percentage Target (in each case, the "Relevant Value") 
the occurrence of any of the following: 
(a) a methodology change that significantly impacts the Relevant Value, including updated 
emission factors, improved data access or updated calculation methods or protocols;  
(b) a correction of a data error or a correction of a number of cumulative errors that together have 
a significant impact; or 
(c) a structural change to the SLB Reporting Group that has a significant impact, including as a 
result of acquisitions, mergers or divestments or the outsourcing or insourcing of business activities  
(the date of occurrence of each of the above, the "Recalculation Date"), 
provided that, in respect of sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, a qualified second party opinion 
provider appointed by REN reviews any recalculation or redetermination of the Relevant Value 
and confirms that it is in line with the initial level of ambition of, or more ambitious than, the 
original Relevant Value.  
As of the Recalculation Date, the updated Relevant Value shall replace the original Relevant Value 
and any reference to the Relevant Value in these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a 
reference to the updated Relevant Value, it being understood that in the absence of such 
confirmation by a qualified second party opinion provider the original Relevant Value shall 
continue to apply. By purchasing the Sustainability-Linked Notes, a Noteholder shall be deemed 
to have consented, for itself and any and all successors or assigns, and to have irrevocably 
authorised REN to make any such recalculation or redetermination without the prior consent or 
consultation of the Noteholders; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in these Conditions or in the relevant Final Terms 
(including amounts payable in accordance with Condition 7.4 and 7.5). For the avoidance of doubt, 
in the case of Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes, no Redemption Premium 
Amount shall be payable in addition to the applicable Make-whole Amount since the calculation 
of the Make-whole Amount shall itself take into account any Redemption Premium Amount which 
may become payable as further described in Condition 7.3;

--- Page 106 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 106 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
"Redemption Premium Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Premium Event" means the occurrence of one or more of a Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Event and/or a Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Event and/or a Scope 
3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Event, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Year(s)" means the Reporting Year(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
the Reference Year(s); 
"Reporting Requirements" means in respect of each Target Observation Date, for any Reporting 
Year, the requirement that REN publishes on its website: 
(a) (I) where a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event is applicable, the then current Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount and the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage; (II) where a Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Event is applicable, 
the then current Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 (Purchased 
Goods and Services) Emissions Amount and the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) 
Emissions Percentage; and (III) where a Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Event is 
applicable, the then current Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 (Use of 
Sold Products) Emissions Amount and the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Percentage, 
as well as in each case, the relevant calculation methodology (including any recalculation or 
redetermination as a result of a Recalculation Event and any Transaction Exclusion), which may 
be included in the annual report or non-financial statements of REN (the "SLB Progress Report"); 
and 
(b) an assurance report issued by the Assurance Provider (the "Assurance Report") in respect of 
the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage, Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Amount, Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) 
Emissions Percentage, Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Amount and Scope 3 (Use of 
Sold Products) Emissions Percentage, specified in the SLB Progress Report, as the case may be 
(including any recalculation or redetermination thereof as a result of a Recalculation Event and any 
Transaction Exclusion). 
In order to comply with each of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Condition, the SLB Progress Report and the Assurance Report will be published no later 
than the Notification Deadline in relation to the relevant Target Observation Date, as applicable; 
"Reporting Year" means, for any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, each calendar year, 
commencing with the calendar year in which such Notes are issued; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Baseline Year" means the period beginning on 1 January 2019 and ending on 31 
December 2019; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions" means, collectively: 
(a) direct greenhouse gas emissions from sources owned or controlled by the SLB Reporting Group 
("Scope 1"); and 
(b) indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the transmission of electricity, transmission and storage 
of natural gas or otherwise acquired by the SLB Reporting Group calculated using the market-
based approach ("Scope 2"), 
in each case, in accordance with and subject to the definition of such Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
in the GHG Protocol Standard; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount" means, in tCO2e, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions calculated in 
good faith by REN in respect of the calendar year ending on the relevant Target Observation Date, 
assured by the Assurance Provider and reported by REN in the relevant SLB Progress Report, 
provided that REN may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount in

--- Page 107 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 107 - 
66-41080316 
 
accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a 
Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline" means the sum of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions of the SLB 
Reporting Group during the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline Year, as set out in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided that REN may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline in 
accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a 
Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition" means the condition that: 
(a) REN complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than the relevant 
Notification Deadline; and 
(b) the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage in respect of any Target Observation Date for any 
Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or greater than the 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Target in respect of such Reference Year,  
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (a) and/or (b) above are not met by the relevant Notification 
Deadline in any Reference Year, REN shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Condition; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event" occurs if REN fails to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Condition, provided that no Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event shall occur in case of the failure of 
REN to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition as a result of a change in law or regulation 
with an impact on the SLB Reporting Group's Scope 1 and 2 Emissions, as determined in good 
faith by REN; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage" means, in respect of any Target Observation Date, the 
percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the Scope 
1 and 2 Emissions Amount in respect of such Target Observation Date is reduced in comparison 
to the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, as calculated in good faith by REN, assured 
by the Assurance Provider and reported by REN in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
"Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Target" means the target (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Target in 
respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, if applicable, from the Target Increase Effective Date 
specified in a Target Increase Notice, such higher target as specified in such Target Increase Notice, 
provided that REN may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Target (including such higher target) in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard to reflect the 
occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 3 Baseline Year" means the period beginning on 1 January 2021 and ending on 31 
December 2021;  
"Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions" means indirect greenhouse gas emissions 
related to the purchase of goods and services, capital goods and fuel energy-related activities by 
the SLB Reporting Group, in accordance with and subject to the definition of Scope 3 emissions 
in the GHG Protocol Standard. For the avoidance of doubt, the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and 
Services) Emissions do not include any other item (other than the purchase of goods and services) 
specified for the calculation of Scope 3 emissions in the GHG Protocol Standard;     
"Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Amount" means, in tCO2e, Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions calculated in good faith by REN in respect of the 
calendar year ending on the relevant Target Observation Date, assured by the Assurance Provider 
and reported by REN in the relevant SLB Progress Report, provided that REN may, acting in good 
faith, recalculate the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Amount in accordance 
with the GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation 
Event; 
"Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Baseline" means the Scope 3 (Purchased 
Goods and Services) Emissions of the SLB Reporting Group during the Scope 3 Baseline Year, as

--- Page 108 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 108 - 
66-41080316 
 
set out in the relevant Final Terms, provided that REN may, acting in good faith, recalculate the 
Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Baseline in accordance with the GHG Protocol 
Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Condition" means the condition that: 
(a) REN complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than the relevant 
Notification Deadline; and 
(b) the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage in respect of any Target 
Observation Date for any Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was 
equal to or greater than the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage Target 
in respect of such Reference Year,  
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (a) and/or (b) above are not met by the relevant Notification 
Deadline in any Reference Year, REN shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Condition; 
"Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Event" occurs if REN fails to satisfy the 
Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Condition, provided that no Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Event shall occur in case of the failure of REN to 
satisfy the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Condition as a result of (a) a change 
in law or regulation with an impact on the SLB Reporting Group's Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and 
Services)  Emissions or (b) the application of or a change in law or regulation imposing exceptional 
or emergency travel restrictions affecting infrastructure operated by the SLB Reporting Group, in 
each case, as determined in good faith by REN; 
"Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage" means, in respect of any 
Target Observation Date, the percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded 
upwards) by which the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Amount in respect of 
such Target Observation Date is reduced in comparison to the then current Scope 3 (Purchased 
Goods and Services) Emissions Baseline, as calculated in good faith by REN, assured by the 
Assurance Provider and reported by REN in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
"Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage Target" means the target 
(expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Scope 3 (Purchased 
Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage Target in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, 
if applicable, from the Target Increase Effective Date specified in a Target Increase Notice, such 
higher target as specified in such Target Increase Notice, provided that REN may, acting in good 
faith, recalculate the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Percentage Target 
(including such higher target) in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) 
to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions" means indirect greenhouse gas emissions related to 
the use-phase emissions from the use of goods and services sold by the SLB Reporting Group, in 
accordance with and subject to the definition of Scope 3 emissions (Category 11) in the GHG 
Protocol Standard.11 For the avoidance of doubt, the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions do 
not include any other item (other than the use of goods and services) specified for the calculation 
of Scope 3 emissions in the GHG Protocol Standard;  
"Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Amount" means, in tCO2e, Scope 3 (Use of Sold 
Products) Emissions calculated in good faith by REN in respect of the calendar year ending on the 
relevant Target Observation Date, assured by the Assurance Provider and reported by REN in the 
relevant SLB Progress Report, provided that REN may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 
3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Amount in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard (where 
applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
 
11  
Under the Science Based Targets framework, the companies that sell, transmit or distribute fossil fuels are required to report the 
use-phase emissions associated with those fossil fuels in Scope 3 Category 11 “use of sold products” and cover the emissions 
from the combustion of the sold, transmitted, or distributed fossil fuels with a target. In REN, this is applicable to gas 
infrastructures.

--- Page 109 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 109 - 
66-41080316 
 
"Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Baseline" means the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions of the SLB Reporting Group during the Scope 3 Baseline Year, as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that REN may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 3 (Use of Sold 
Products) Emissions Baseline in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) 
to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
"Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Condition" means the condition that: 
(a) REN complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than the relevant 
Notification Deadline; and 
(b) the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Percentage in respect of any Target Observation 
Date for any Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or greater 
than the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Percentage Target in respect of such Reference 
Year,  
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (a) and/or (b) above are not met by the relevant Notification 
Deadline in any Reference Year, REN shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the Scope 3 (Use 
of Sold Products) Emissions Condition; 
"Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Event" occurs if REN fails to satisfy the Scope 3 
(Use of Sold Products) Emissions Condition, provided that no Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Event shall occur in case of the failure of REN to satisfy the Scope 3 (Use of Sold 
Products) Emissions Condition as a result of (a) a change in law or regulation with an impact on 
the SLB Reporting Group's Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions or (b) the application of or 
a change in law or regulation imposing exceptional or emergency travel restrictions affecting 
infrastructure operated by the SLB Reporting Group, in each case, as determined in good faith by 
REN; 
"Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Percentage" means, in respect of any Target 
Observation Date, the percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded 
upwards) by which the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Amount in respect of such Target 
Observation Date is reduced in comparison to the then current Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Baseline, as calculated in good faith by REN, assured by the Assurance Provider and 
reported by REN in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
"Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Percentage Target" means the target (expressed as 
a percentage) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Percentage Target in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, if applicable, from 
the Target Increase Effective Date specified in a Target Increase Notice, such higher target as 
specified in such Target Increase Notice, provided that REN may, acting in good faith, recalculate 
the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Percentage Target (including such higher target) in 
accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a 
Recalculation Event; 
"SLB Reporting Group" means in respect of the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline Year, Scope 3 Baseline 
Year or any Reporting Year (including any Reference Year) and in respect of any determination 
relating to a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event,  a Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions 
Event or a Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Event, the part of the Group included in the 
scope of non-financial information published by REN in respect of such year, and subject to the 
application of the GHG Protocol Standard and the "operational control" approach described 
therein, in each case, as determined by REN, provided that if a member of the Group makes any 
acquisition, investment, divestment or disposal (a "Transaction"), REN may exclude such 
Transaction from the determination of the SLB Reporting Group for a period that is no longer than 
two years following the completion of such Transaction (a "Transaction Exclusion"); 
"Step Up Date" means, following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the first day of the next 
following Interest Period (excluding, if a Step Up Event has occurred on the first day of an Interest 
Period, such Interest Period);

--- Page 110 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 110 - 
66-41080316 
 
"Step Up Event" means the occurrence of one or more of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event, Scope 
3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Event and/or a Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) 
Emissions Event, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Step Up Margin(s)" means the amount(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Step 
Up Margin(s);  
"Sustainability-Linked Note Condition" means the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition, Scope 3 
(Purchased Goods and Services) Condition and/or the Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions 
Condition; 
"Sustainability-Linked Notes" means the Notes which are Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes 
and/or Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes, as applicable; and 
"Target Observation Date" means for any Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Reference Year), 31 December in the previous calendar year.  
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; and 
(iii) 
payments in US dollars will be made by a transfer to a US dollar account maintained by 
the payee with a bank outside the United States (which expression as used in this 
Condition 6 (Payments), means the United States of America which includes the States, 
and the District of Columbia, and its possessions). All payments of interest will be made 
to accounts outside the United States except as may be permitted by US tax law in effect 
at the time of such payment without detriment to the Issuer. 
6.2 
Payments in relation to Book-Entry Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Book-Entry Notes may only be made in euro, U.S. 
dollars, Sterling, Japanese Yen and Swiss francs until such date as Interbolsa accepts registration 
and clearing of securities denominated in other currencies. 
Whilst the Book-Entry Notes are held through Interbolsa, payment of principal and interest in 
respect of the Notes will be (i) if made in euro (a) credited, according to the procedures and 
regulations of Interbolsa, by the Portuguese Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to the 
payment current-accounts used by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for payments in respect of 
securities held through Interbolsa and thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current-accounts to the accounts of the beneficial 
owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be; or (ii) if made in currencies other than euro (a) transferred, on the payment date and 
according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, from the account held by the Portuguese 
Paying Agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda 
Estrangeira), managed by the CGD to the relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa and thereafter (b) transferred by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant 
accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the owners of Notes,

--- Page 111 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 111 - 
66-41080316 
 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. 
6.3 
Payments in relation to Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only, where applicable, against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Bearer Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only, 
where applicable, against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent (other than 
the Portuguese Paying Agent) outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Bearer Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 
above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the 
final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for 
payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Note to which it appertains. 
Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid 
obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in bearer form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of 
such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from 
the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 
10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but 
in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect 
thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from and including the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant Bearer Note. 
6.4 
Payments in relation to Registered Notes 
Payments of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the final redemption of Registered Notes 
will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a partial redemption, surrender of the 
relevant Registered Notes at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Payments of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due in respect of Registered Notes 
will be paid to the Holders thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing

--- Page 112 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 112 - 
66-41080316 
 
in the Register as at closing of business (Luxembourg time) on the Luxembourg business day (the 
"Record Date") before the due date for such payment provided that the amounts due in respect of 
Registered Notes under Condition 10 (Events of Default) will be paid to the Holders thereof (or, in 
the case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the Register as at opening of business 
(Luxembourg time) on the date on which such payment is made. 
6.5 
Payment Subject to Fiscal Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any clearing system regulations, fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the Holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in 
the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9 
(Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in (1) (in the case of Non-Book Entry Notes in definitive form only and where 
applicable) the relevant place of presentation; and (2) any Additional Financial Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, 
a day on which the T2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
8 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms); 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
7.5); and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 113 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 113 - 
66-41080316 
 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) or (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes) under any undertakings or 
covenants given in addition thereto or in substitution thereof pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
7.2 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee and the Issue and 
Paying Agent (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes), or to the Portuguese Paying Agent (in the 
case of Book-Entry Notes), and in each case, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as 
a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of 
the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
and, in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes, the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately prior to 
giving such notice that the requirement referred to in (i) above will apply and cannot be so avoided, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes) or to the Portuguese Paying Agent 
(in the case of Book-Entry Notes) (a) a certificate signed by two directors of REN stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
requirement referred to in (i) above will apply and cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, and (b) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as 
a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate 
and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above in 
which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Non-Book-Entry Noteholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for Tax 
Reasons) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.5 below 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call Option) 
If Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given (unless 
otherwise specified, in the applicable Final Terms) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
to the Issue and Paying Agent and the Trustee (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes) or the 
Portuguese Paying Agent (in the case of Book-Entry Notes), and in each case in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption) redeem all or some only (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of

--- Page 114 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 114 - 
66-41080316 
 
the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
a partial redemption of Notes, the nominal amount of all outstanding Notes will be reduced 
proportionally. 
If Make-whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Optional Redemption 
Amount will be the higher of (a) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to 
be redeemed; and (b) the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
to be redeemed (assuming in the case of any Notes in respect of which a Make-whole Exemption 
Period is specified as applicable that such Notes are to be redeemed on the first date on which the 
Optional Redemption Amount shall be par (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.6)) and the 
Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) 
discounted to the date of redemption on an annual, semi-annual or such other basis as is equal to 
the frequency of interest payments on the Notes (as determined by the Financial Adviser) at (i) the 
Reference Note Rate plus the Redemption Margin; or (ii) the Discount Rate, in each case as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Make-whole Exemption Period is specified as 
applicable and the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes during the Make-whole Exemption 
Period, the Optional Redemption Amount will be 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding 
of the Notes to be redeemed, save as set out below.  
In respect of a redemption of Sustainability-Linked Notes, for the purposes of the calculation of 
the Make-Whole Amount, if the most recently published SLB Progress Report and Assurance 
Report for the Reporting Year preceding such notice of redemption shows that the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 (Purchased Goods and Services) Emissions Condition and/or the 
Scope 3 (Use of Sold Products) Emissions Condition (in each case, as applicable), has not been 
satisfied where such Reporting Year is a Reference Year or as applicable, would not have been 
satisfied had such Reporting Year been a Reference Year then:  
(i) the Rate of Interest, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, or the Margin, in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes, shall be deemed to be increased by the relevant Step Up Margin(s) (in each case, from the 
date that would have been the Step Up Date had a redemption of the Notes not occurred); and/or  
(ii) the principal amount outstanding of such Notes in the case of Redemption Premium 
Sustainability-Linked Notes shall be deemed to have increased by the Redemption Premium 
Amount.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Non-Book-Entry Notes, the Non-Book-Entry Notes to be 
redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance 
with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
In the case of Book-Entry Notes partial redemption will be done in accordance with Interbolsa 
rules. 
In these Conditions: 
"Discount Rate" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"FA Selected Note" means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes to 
the Maturity Date or, if a Make-Whole Exception Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the first date on which the Optional Redemption Amount shall be par (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5.6)  that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same

--- Page 115 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 115 - 
66-41080316 
 
currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes to the 
Maturity Date or, if a Make-Whole Exception Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the first date on which the Optional Redemption Amount shall be par (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5.6). 
"Financial Adviser" means the entity so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified or such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer 
and in the case of Non-Book Entry Notes only, notified by it to the Trustee. 
"Make-whole Exemption Period" will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier 
than the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice. 
"Reference Government Note Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer or, if the 
Issuer is REN BV, REN, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate note issues. 
"Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Note Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Note (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government 
Note Dealer. 
"Reference Note" shall be the note so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified 
or if no longer available, the FA Selected Note. 
"Reference Note Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations; or (b) if the Financial 
Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
"Reference Note Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Note, assuming a price for the Reference Note 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Note Price for such date 
of redemption. 
"Remaining Term Interest" means with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note to the Maturity Date or, 
if a Make-Whole Exception Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the first date on 
which the Optional Redemption Amount shall be par (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.6) 
determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date 
on which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition. 
7.4 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event 
If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a 
Substantial Purchase Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days notice (or such other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) to the Issue and Paying Agent and the Trustee (in the case of Non-Book Entry Notes) 
or the Portuguese Paying Agent (in the case of Book Entry Notes) and, in each case, in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) the Noteholders redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of), at 
its option, the Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, in accordance with 
these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal amount, together with any accrued and 
unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption or purchase. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 116 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 116 - 
66-41080316 
 
A "Substantial Purchase Event" shall be deemed to have occurred at the point in time at which 
at least 80 per cent. or such higher percentage as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms of 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which for these 
purposes shall include any further Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) is purchased by 
REN B.V., REN or any subsidiary of REN (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with 
Condition 7.10). 
7.5 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other period of notice 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Issue and Paying Agent and the Trustee (in 
the case of NCN Back Entry Notes) or the Portuguese Paying Agent (in the case of Book Entry 
Notes) and, in each case, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) the Noteholders (which notice 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the "Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption 
Date")), redeem the Notes comprising the relevant Series, in whole but not in part, at their principal 
amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of 
Notes having a maturity of not more than ten years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in 
respect of Notes having a maturity of more than ten years; or in either case, such shorter time period 
as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity 
of more than ten years (or such shorter maturity as may be specified in the Final Terms) shall be 
determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Holders of Notes (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the Holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days' notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance 
with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the Holder of this Note must deliver (1) 
(in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes in definitive form) to the specified office of any Paying 
Agent (other than the Portuguese Paying Agent) at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent falling within the notice period a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the 
form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (other 
than the Portuguese Paying Agent); or (2) (in all other cases) in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes, 
a notice to the Issue and Paying Agent or Transfer Agent or Registrar (as the case may be); or, in 
the case of Book-Entry Notes, a notice to the Portuguese Paying Agent, in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Interbolsa (as applicable) or 
any common depositary or custodian for them stating the principal amount of the Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised (a "Put Notice") in which the Holder must specify a bank account 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition together in the case of Bearer Notes with the 
Notes. Any Put Notice given by a Holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
irrevocable. No deposit of Notes will be required in respect of Book-Entry Notes. For Book-Entry 
Notes held through Interbolsa, the right to require redemption will be exercised directly against the 
Issuer, through the Portuguese Paying Agent. 
7.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10 (Events of Default), each Note will be 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first 
Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof;

--- Page 117 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 117 - 
66-41080316 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note) 
with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price 
of the first Tranche of the Series at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 
 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; and 
"AY" 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator of which is 360. 
7.8 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the 
case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 
7.7. 
7.9 
Purchases 
Subject to applicable provisions of Portuguese or Dutch law, as applicable, the relevant Issuer and, 
if the Issuer is REN B.V., REN or any subsidiary of REN may at any time purchase or otherwise 
acquire Notes (provided that, in the case of Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the relevant Issuer and, if the Issuer 
is REN, B.V., REN or the relevant subsidiary (as the case may be), cancelled. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes 
so cancelled and any Notes (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 above shall be cancelled by 
Interbolsa (in the case of Book-Entry Notes) or the Issue and Paying Agent (in the case of Non-
Book-Entry Notes) and cannot be held, reissued or resold. 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 or 7.6 above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 7.7(iii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Issue and Paying Agent or the Trustee (in 
(
)y
AY
1
RP
+


--- Page 118 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 118 - 
66-41080316 
 
the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes) or the Portuguese Paying Agent (in the case of Book-
Entry Notes), and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices). 
7.12 
Redemption Premium Event 
This Condition 7 is subject to the provisions of Condition 5.6 (if applicable). 
8. 
TAXATION 
8.1 
Payment of interest without Withholding 
All payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be 
made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes or duties 
of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed or levied by or on behalf of any of the Relevant Jurisdiction, 
unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will 
pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of Notes, Receipts or Coupons after the withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts which would have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the 
case may be, in the absence of the withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts 
shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to the Taxes in respect of the 
Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Relevant 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment in the case of a Bearer Note, in the Relevant Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment in the case of Bearer Notes more than 30 days after the Relevant 
Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the Holder thereof would have been 
entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day 
assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6 (Payments)); or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder of Notes issued by REN, that may qualify for 
the application of Decree Law No. 193/2005, of 7 November (as amended from time to 
time) and in respect of whom the information (which may include certificates) required in 
order to comply with the said Decree-Law no. 193/2005 of 7 November, and any 
implementing legislation, is not received or which does not comply with the formalities in 
order to benefit from tax treaty benefits, when applicable; or 
(v) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder of Notes issued by REN, resident for tax 
purposes in the Relevant Jurisdiction, or a resident in a country, territory or region subject 
to a clearly more favourable tax regime (a tax haven jurisdiction) as defined in the 
Ministerial Order ("Portaria") No. 150/2004, of 13 February (as amended from time to 
time) with the exception of central banks and governmental agencies located in those 
black-listed jurisdictions; or 
(vi) 
in the case of Notes issued by REN to, or to a third party on behalf of (i) a Portuguese 
resident legal entity subject to Portuguese corporation tax with the exception of entities 
that benefit from an exemption of Portuguese withholding tax or from Portuguese income 
tax exemptions, or (ii) a legal entity not resident in Portugal with a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains obtained from the Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons are attributable; or 
(vii) 
presented for payment in the case of Bearer Notes by or on behalf of a holder of Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons who would not be liable for or subject to the withholding or 
deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
to the relevant tax authority; or 
(viii) 
where a withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), as amended, on payments due to a 
holder of the Notes or Coupons affiliated (gelieerd) to REN B.V., within the meaning of

--- Page 119 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 119 - 
66-41080316 
 
the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 as at the Issue Date (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms) of the first Tranche of the Notes. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding paragraph, none of the Issuers, any 
paying agent or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to 
any withholding or deduction imposed on or in respect of any Note pursuant to Section 1471 to 
1474 of the Code ("FATCA"), any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance implementing 
FATCA, or any agreement between the Issuer, a paying agent or any other person and the United 
States, any other jurisdiction, or any authority of any of the foregoing implementing FATCA. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8: 
(i) 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Issue and Paying 
Agent or the Trustee (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes) or the Portuguese Paying 
Agent (in the case of Book-Entry Notes), on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect 
is duly given to the Holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, where REN is the Issuer, the Republic of Portugal or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, and where 
REN B.V. is the Issuer, The Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or, in each case, any other jurisdiction or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which 
REN or, as the case may be, REN B.V., becomes subject in respect of payments made by 
it of principal and interest on the Notes, Receipts or Coupons. 
8.2 
Additional Amounts 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to any amounts in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within ten years 
(in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) in each case from the date on which 
such payment first becomes due, subject in each case to the provisions of Condition 6 (Payments). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6 
(Payments) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6 (Payments). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each, subject to certification by the Trustee as described 
in (a) below (where applicable), an "Event of Default") shall occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days 
in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer (and, if the Issuer is REN B.V., REN) fails to perform or observe any of its 
other obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Trust Deed and (in the case of 
Book-Entry Notes only) the Interbolsa Instrument, and, (A) in the case of Non-Book-
Entry Notes (a) such failure is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy or in 
respect of which, in the opinion of the Trustee, remedial action satisfactory to the Trustee 
cannot be taken, or (b) such failure is, in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy or 
in respect of which, in the opinion of the Trustee, such remedial action can be taken and 
the failure continues for the period of 30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may 
permit) after the Trustee has given written notice to the Issuer requiring the same to be

--- Page 120 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 120 - 
66-41080316 
 
remedied; or (B) in the case of Book-Entry Notes, the failure continues for the period of 
30 days following the service by a Noteholder on REN of notice requiring the same to be 
remedied, except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such 
continuation or notice will be required; or 
(iii) 
(a) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of REN B.V. (if REN B.V. 
is the Issuer) or REN or any of its Material Subsidiaries is declared due and repayable 
prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described); or (b) REN B.V. (if 
REN B.V. is the Issuer) or REN fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment and the failure continues for five days 
in case of principal and ten days in case of interest; or (c) any security given by REN 
B.V. (if REN B.V. is the Issuer) or REN for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
becomes enforceable; or (d) default is made by REN B.V. (if REN B.V. is the Issuer) or 
REN in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in 
relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person provided that the 
aggregate amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money in respect of which one or more 
of the events listed in (a) to (d) of this paragraph have occurred equals or exceeds EUR 
40,000,000 or its equivalent; or 
(iv) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of REN B.V. (if REN B.V. is the Issuer), REN or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or any operation falling within the definition of Permitted 
Reorganisation, (as defined below); or 
(v) 
REN B.V. (if REN B.V. is the Issuer), REN or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases to 
carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or any 
operation falling within the definition of Permitted Reorganisation, (as defined below); 
or REN B.V. (if REN B.V. is the Issuer), REN or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops 
payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) 
as they fall due or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of 
any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vi) 
proceedings are initiated against REN B.V. (if REN B.V. is the Issuer), REN or any of 
its Material Subsidiaries under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with 
a court) for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to REN B.V. (if REN B.V. 
is the Issuer), REN or any of its Material Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation 
to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an 
encumbrance takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process 
is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part 
of the undertaking or assets of any of them, unless (other than in the case of the 
appointment of an administrator) (A) such proceedings or applications are frivolous or 
vexatious and contested in good faith and appropriately by REN B.V. (if REN B.V. is the 
Issuer) or REN having been advised by recognised independent legal advisers of good 
repute that it is reasonable to do so, and/or (B) are discharged within 60 days; or 
(vii) 
REN B.V. (if REN B.V. is the Issuer), REN or any of its Material Subsidiaries initiates 
or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of 
a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors); or 
(viii) 
it is or will become unlawful for REN B.V. (if REN B.V. is the Issuer) or REN to perform 
or comply with any of its material obligations under or in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 121 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 121 - 
66-41080316 
 
(ix) 
any regulation, decree, consent, approval, licence or other authority necessary to enable 
REN B.V. (if REN B.V. is the Issuer) or REN to perform its obligations under the Notes, 
or for the validity or enforceability thereof expires or is withheld, revoked or terminated 
or otherwise ceases to remain in full force and effect or is modified in a manner which 
materially impairs the ability of REN B.V. (if REN B.V. is the Issuer) or REN to comply 
with its obligations under the Notes, the Trust Deed or the Keep Well Agreement (as 
applicable), or is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(x) 
any of the concessions previously awarded to REN is suspended, terminated or revoked 
and such suspension, termination or revocation has, as a direct result, a material adverse 
effect on the business or results of operations of REN or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
and continues for a period of 30 days; or 
(xi) 
except in the context of a reorganisation of the Group, all of the assets of any Material 
Subsidiary are transferred, sold, assigned or contributed to a third party or parties 
(whether associated or not) otherwise than for full consideration received by REN or the 
Material Subsidiary on an arm's length basis and such transfer, sale, assignment or 
contribution has a material adverse effect on the financial condition, assets or liabilities 
of the Group; or 
(xii) 
except in the context of a reorganisation of the Group, REN ceases to control or have 
power to control, whether by ownership of share capital or voting rights, contract, the 
power to appoint or remove members of the governing body or otherwise, any of its 
Material Subsidiaries; or 
(xiii) 
any event occurs which, under the laws of the Republic of Portugal or, in the case of Notes 
issued by REN B.V., Dutch law, has or may have, an analogous effect to any of the events 
referred to in subparagraphs (iv) to (vii) above; or 
(xiv) 
the Keep Well Agreement is terminated or any provision of the Keep Well Agreement is 
amended or waived in circumstances where such amendment or waiver would be, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Non-Book-Entry 
Noteholders or is not enforced in a timely manner by REN B.V. or is breached by REN 
provided that in the case of such non-enforcement or breach this would be, in the opinion 
of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Non-Book-Entry Noteholders, 
then 
(a) 
in respect of Non-Book-Entry Notes, the Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested 
in writing by the Holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Non-Book-Entry 
Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Non-Book-
Entry Noteholders shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction), give written notice to the Issuer that the Non-Book-Entry 
Notes are, and they shall accordingly thereupon immediately become, due and repayable 
at the Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) as provided in 
the Trust Deed provided that, in the case of any event described above other than those 
described in paragraphs (i), (iv) in the case of a winding up or dissolution of REN B.V. (if 
REN B.V. is the Issuer) or REN, (ix), (xii) and (xiv) above, the Trustee shall have certified 
to the Issuer that, in its opinion, such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; and 
(b) 
in respect of Book-Entry Notes, any Book-Entry Noteholder may give notice to REN and 
to the Portuguese Paying Agent at their respective specified offices, effective upon the 
date of receipt thereof by the Portuguese Paying Agent, that the Book-Entry Notes held 
by such Book-Entry Noteholders are, and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, 
immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest (as provided in the Interbolsa Instrument).

--- Page 122 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 122 - 
66-41080316 
 
10.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of this Condition 10: 
"Group" means REN and its Subsidiaries; 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards adopted by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (IASB); 
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock, loan stock or other securities or any borrowed money or any liability under or in respect of 
any bank loan or acceptance or acceptance credit; 
"Material Subsidiary" means at any time any Subsidiary of REN: 
(a) whose total assets or revenues (consolidated in the case of a company which itself has 
subsidiaries) represent not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets or consolidated 
revenues of the Group taken as a whole, all as calculated by reference to the then most recent 
financial statements and in accordance with IFRS (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of that Subsidiary and the most recent consolidated financial statements of 
the Group; or 
(b) to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the assets and undertaking of a 
Subsidiary which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a Material Subsidiary; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means a reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation, merger, 
consolidation or transfer of assets and/or activities between or among REN and its Subsidiaries (a 
"Reorganisation"), in each case where: 
(a) such Reorganisation does not result in any change to the legal status of REN as a limited 
liability company ("Sociedade Anónima" under the laws of the Portuguese Republic) or, in the 
case of Notes issued by REN B.V., any change to the legal status of REN B.V. (a private 
company with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands (besloten vennootschap met 
beperkte aansprakelijkheid)); 
(b) the aggregate amount of the assets of the Group owned, controlled or otherwise held, directly 
or indirectly, by REN, as determined by reference to the last publicly available audited 
consolidated financial statements of REN prior to the date of the first public announcement of 
such Reorganisation, is no less than the corresponding amount of assets owned, controlled or 
otherwise held, directly or indirectly, by REN following the date of completion of such 
Reorganisation; and 
(c) no internationally recognised rating agency has made any announcement or issued any notice 
to REN or REN B.V. or any other party to the effect that, as a result of the Reorganisation, it 
will downgrade, or is contemplating the possibility of downgrading, the rating it has 
previously assigned to the Notes (including the Notes being placed on a negative rating watch 
or a negative outlook being applied to the Notes) or REN; and 
"Subsidiary" means an entity from time to time in respect of which REN (a) has the right to appoint 
the majority of the members of the board of directors or similar board or (b) owns directly or 
indirectly more than 50 per cent. of (i) the share capital or similar right of ownership or (ii) voting 
rights (by contract or otherwise). 
10.3 
Reports 
A report by two directors of REN whether or not addressed to the Trustee that in their opinion a 
Subsidiary of REN is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified 
period a Material Subsidiary may be relied upon by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence 
and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
on all parties.

--- Page 123 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 123 - 
66-41080316 
 
In respect of Non-Book-Entry Notes, in connection with Condition 10.1(iv) and (v) above, the 
Trustee shall be entitled to accept without any further enquiry (i) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing procured by the relevant Issuer to the effect that paragraph (a) of 
the definition of Permitted Reorganisation is satisfied and (ii) a certificate signed by two directors 
of the relevant Issuer confirming that paragraphs (b) and (c) of the definition of Permitted 
Reorganisation are satisfied as sufficient evidence that any operation falls within the definition of 
Permitted Reorganisation, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Non-Book-
Entry Noteholders. 
11. 
ENFORCEMENT 
11.1 
Enforcement by the Trustee 
In the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, 
take such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Trust Deed and the Non-Book-Entry Notes and any related Receipts or Coupons or the 
obligations of REN under the Keep Well Agreement, but it shall not be bound to take any such 
proceedings or any other action unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Non-Book-Entry Noteholders or so requested in writing by the Holders of at least 
one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
11.2 
Limitation on Trustee actions 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in 
that jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be 
contrary to any law of that jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Trustee may also refrain from taking such 
action if it would otherwise render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or, if in its opinion 
based on such legal advice, it would not have the power to do the relevant thing in that jurisdiction 
by virtue of any applicable law in that jurisdiction or if it is determined by any court or other 
competent authority in that jurisdiction that it does not have such power. 
11.3 
Enforcement by Book-Entry Noteholders 
The Trustee may not, but the Book-Entry Noteholders may, at any time, take such proceedings 
against REN as they may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Book-Entry Notes and/or the 
Interbolsa Instrument. 
11.4 
Enforcement by the Non-Book-Entry Noteholders 
Non-Book-Entry Noteholders shall not be entitled to proceed directly against REN B.V. or REN 
unless the Trustee, having become bound so to do, fails or is unable to do so within 90 days and 
such failure or inability is continuing. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Non-Book-Entry Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of any Paying Agent (other than the Portuguese 
Paying Agent) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Non-Book-Entry Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled (in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes, with the prior written approval of the 
Trustee) to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying 
Agent acts, provided that:

--- Page 124 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 124 - 
66-41080316 
 
(i) 
in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes there will at all times be an Issue and Paying Agent 
and, in respect of Registered Notes, a Registrar; 
(ii) 
in the case of Book-Entry Notes, there will at all times be a Portuguese Paying Agent; 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Book-Entry Notes are registered with Interbolsa there will at all times 
be a Paying Agent having a specified office in such place of registration and complying 
with any requirements that may be imposed by the rules and regulations of Interbolsa; and 
(iv) 
so long as any of the Notes are listed on any Stock Exchange or admitted to trading by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office 
in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant Stock 
Exchange or as the case may be, other relevant authority. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, 
in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes, in certain limited circumstances, of the Trustee, and in all 
cases do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is 
merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all 
of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (other than the Portuguese Paying Agent) in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) 
the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in accordance with 
the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
All notices regarding Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that such 
publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. Notices to Holders of Registered Notes 
will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an 
overseas address) by air mail to them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the 
register kept by the Registrar) at their respective addresses as recorded in the Register, and will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the fourth weekday after the date of such mailing or, if 
posted from another country, on the fifth such day. 
The Issuer shall comply with disclosure obligations applicable to listed companies under 
Portuguese law in respect of Notices relating to the Book-Entry Notes, which are integrated in and 
held through Interbolsa in dematerialised form. 
Any notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of publication or, if so published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication. In the case of Non-Book-Entry 
Notes, if publication as provided above is not practicable, notice will be given in such other 
manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same either 
with the Issuer or with the Issue and Paying Agent in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes, or the 
Portuguese Paying Agent in the case of Book-Entry Notes.

--- Page 125 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 125 - 
66-41080316 
 
16. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF NOTES 
Book-Entry Notes 
The Interbolsa Instrument contains provisions for convening meetings of the Book-Entry 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of these Terms and Conditions or any of the provisions 
of the Interbolsa Instrument. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on: (i) a resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter 
will be any person or persons holding or representing whatever the nominal amount of the Book-
Entry Notes so held or represented; or (ii) an Extraordinary Resolution regarding a Reserved Matter 
of the Book-Entry Notes, will be any person or persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Book-Entry Notes for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned 
meeting, any person being or representing whatever the nominal amount of the Book-Entry Notes 
so held or represented. Each Book-Entry Note grants its holder one vote. 
The majorities required to approve a resolution at any meeting convened in accordance with the 
applicable rules shall be: (i) if in respect to a resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter, the 
majority of the votes cast at the relevant meeting; or (ii) if in respect to an Extraordinary Resolution 
regarding a Reserved Matter, at least 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Book-Entry Notes for 
the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting two-thirds of the votes cast at the relevant 
meeting. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a "Reserved Matter" means any proposal: (i) to 
change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Book-Entry Notes of all 
or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest due on any date in respect of 
the Book-Entry Notes of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of calculating the amount of 
any payment in respect of the Book-Entry Notes of all or of a given Series on redemption or 
maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Book-Entry Notes of all or 
of a given Series into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of REN or any other person 
or body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in 
respect of the Book-Entry Notes of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of 
payment of interest or principal in respect of the Book-Entry Notes of all or of a given Series; (vi) 
to amend this definition; and (vii) any other changes to the conditions of the credits held by the 
Book-Entry Noteholders. 
(A) 
A resolution approved at any meeting of the Book-Entry Noteholders of a Series shall, be 
binding on all the Book-Entry Noteholders of such Series, whether or not they are present 
at the meeting. 
(B) 
Any such meeting to consider a resolution may be convened by the Chairman of the 
General Meeting of Shareholders of REN, by a common representative (if appointed by 
the Noteholders) or if the Chairman of the General Meeting of Shareholders of REN 
refuses to convene the meeting, then 5 per cent. of the Book-Entry Noteholders of any 
Series may petition the court to order a meeting to be convened. 
(C) 
A resolution approved at any meeting of the Book-Entry Noteholders of all Series shall be 
binding on all Book-Entry Noteholders of all Series, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting. 
(D) 
In connection with any meeting of the Book-Entry Noteholders of more than one Series 
where such Book-Entry Notes are not denominated in euro, the nominal amount of the 
Book-Entry Notes of any Series not denominated in euro shall be converted into euro at 
the relevant exchange rate at the date of the meeting. 
Non-Book-Entry Notes 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the holders of Non-Book-Entry 
Notes to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Non-Book-Entry Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of 
the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by REN B.V. or the Trustee

--- Page 126 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 126 - 
66-41080316 
 
and shall be convened by REN B.V. if required in writing by holders of Non-Book-Entry Notes 
holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Non-Book-Entry Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Non-Book-Entry Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
one or more persons being or representing holders of Non-Book-Entry Notes whatever the nominal 
amount of the Non-Book-Entry Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Non-Book-Entry Notes, 
the Receipts, the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying any date of payment, reducing 
or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of Non-Book-Entry 
Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Non-Book-Entry Notes, the Receipts or the 
Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds 
in nominal amount of the Non-Book-Entry Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in 
nominal amount of the Non-Book-Entry Notes for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed 
provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the 
Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such 
resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-
fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by 
way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the 
Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Non-
Book-Entry Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting 
of the holders of Non-Book-Entry Notes shall be binding on all the holders of Non-Book-Entry 
Notes, whether or not they are present at the meeting and on all holders of Receipts and Coupons. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the holders of Non-Book-Entry Notes, to: 
(A) 
any modification of the Non-Book-Entry Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Trust 
Deed which is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the holders of Non-Book-Entry Notes; or 
(B) 
any modification of the Non-Book-Entry Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Trust 
Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error 
or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
The Trustee may also, without any consent as aforesaid, waive or authorise any breach or proposed 
breach by REN B.V. of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust Deed, or 
determine that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
shall not be treated as such which, in any such case, is not in the opinion of the Trustee, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Non-Book-Entry Notes. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the holders of 
Non-Book-Entry Notes and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 5.2(F) (Benchmark Discontinuation), certain changes may be 
made to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as 
otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Trustee or the 
Noteholders. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities or discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the holders of Non-Book-Entry Notes as a class 
but shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual holders 
of Non-Book-Entry Notes (whatever their number) and, in particular, but without limitation, shall 
not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual holders of Non-Book-Entry 
Notes (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, 
or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and the Trustee 
shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Holder be entitled to claim, from REN B.V. any

--- Page 127 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 127 - 
66-41080316 
 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
holders of Non-Book-Entry Notes except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8 
(Taxation) and/or any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to 
the Trust Deed. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create 
and issue further Notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date on which 
interest starts to accrue, and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with 
the outstanding Notes of such Series. In relation to Non-Book-Entry Notes, the Trust Deed and, in 
relation to Book-Entry Notes, the Interbolsa Instrument, contain provisions for convening a single 
meeting of the Noteholders and the Holders of Notes of other series in certain circumstances where, 
in the case of Non-Book-Entry Notes, the Trustee so decides. 
18. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF TRUSTEE 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from any obligation to take proceedings to enforce 
repayment unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. The Trust Deed 
provides that, when determining whether an indemnity or any security or pre-funding is 
satisfactory to it, the Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk in any given circumstance by 
considering the worst-case scenario and (ii) to require that any indemnity or security given to it by 
the Noteholders or any of them be given on a joint and several basis and be supported by evidence 
satisfactory to it as to the financial standing and creditworthiness of each counterparty and/or as to 
the value of the security and an opinion as to the capacity, power and authority of each counterparty 
and/or the validity and effectiveness of the security. The Trustee may enter into business 
transactions with the Issuer or any person or body corporate associated with the Issuer without 
accounting for any profit made or benefit received. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Agency Agreement, the Keep Well Agreement, the 
Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Agency Agreement, the Keep Well 
Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law save that, with respect to Book-Entry Notes only, the form 
(representação formal) and transfer of the Book-Entry Notes, creation of security (if any) over the 
Book-Entry Notes, the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the Book-Entry Notes 
and the procedures for meetings of Book-Entry Noteholders are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
Each of REN B.V. and REN has in the Trust Deed and, in the case of REN, the Interbolsa 
Instrument, irrevocably and unconditionally agreed, for the benefit of the Trustee and the 
Noteholders, that the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Notes, 
the Receipts and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Notes, the 
Receipts and/or the Coupons) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English 
courts.

--- Page 128 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 128 - 
66-41080316 
 
Each of REN B.V. and REN waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that 
they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. The Noteholders may take any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, REN irrevocably and unconditionally waives with 
respect to the Notes any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction or execution 
and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the giving of any relief or 
the issue of any process, including without limitation, the making, enforcement or execution 
against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment 
made or given in connection with any Proceedings. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Each of REN B.V. and REN appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered 
office at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom, as its agent for service 
of process, and undertakes that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited ceasing 
so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service 
of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve 
proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
21. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
"Affiliate Member of Interbolsa" means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold 
control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of Noteholders and includes any depository banks 
appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, for the purposes of holding accounts on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, S.A.; 
"CMVM" means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities 
Market Commission; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over 
administration of that rate);  
"Euro", "EUR" or "euro" means the lawful currency of member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market; 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to each Tranche, the applicable final terms attached to, or 
endorsed on, such Notes; 
"Interbolsa" means Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A., as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to each relevant Specified Denomination and an Interest 
Period, the amount of interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 129 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 129 - 
66-41080316 
 
"Margin(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Portuguese Securities Code" means the Código dos Valores Mobiliários approved by Decree 
Law 486/99 of 13 November (as amended); 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Resolution" means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of Noteholders and approved 
in accordance with the applicable provisions; 
"Stock Exchange" means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin or any other 
stock exchange where Notes may be listed as per the relevant Final Terms; 
"Terms and Conditions" means in relation to the Notes, the terms and conditions applicable to 
the Notes and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation to 
the Notes accordingly; and 
"Treaty" means the treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union.

--- Page 130 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 130 - 
66-41080316 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds resulting from each issue of Notes will be applied by REN for general 
corporate purposes or as may otherwise be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. The proceeds of Notes 
issued by REN B.V. will be on-lent to, or invested in, Group companies. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Notes issued by 
REN or REN B.V. may be used towards financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, the Eligible 
Green Assets. Such Notes will be referred to as "Green Bonds". The Eligible Green Assets shall consist of 
investments made in renewable energy, as further described in "Summary of Integrated Sustainable 
Financing Framework".

--- Page 131 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 131 - 
66-41080316 
 
SUMMARY OF INTEGRATED SUSTAINABLE FINANCING FRAMEWORK 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Notes issued by 
REN or REN B.V. may be used towards financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, the Eligible 
Green Assets. Such Notes will be referred to as "Green Bonds". The Eligible Green Assets shall consist of 
investments made in renewable energy.  
The following summary is based on the relevant sections of the Integrated Sustainable Financing 
Framework as published by REN and reflects the four core components of the Green Bond Principles. 
Category  
Description of Eligible Green Assets: Eligibility 
Criteria  
Contribution 
to 
EU 
Environmental Objectives 
Renewable 
Energy  
• Construction/installation 
and 
operation 
of 
equipment and infrastructure where the main 
objective is an increase of the generation or use 
of renewable electricity generation; 
• Electricity grid assets, in which: 
- 
the grid system is the interconnected 
European system or;  
- 
more than 67% of newly enabled generation 
capacity in the system is below 100 g 
CO2e/kWh over a rolling five-year average 
(measured on a life-cycle basis), or;  
- 
the average system grid emissions factor, 
calculated as the total annual emissions from 
power generation connected to the system, 
divided by the total annual net electricity 
production in that system, is below the 
threshold value of 100 gCO2e/kWh measured 
on a life cycle basis in accordance with 
electricity generation criteria, over a rolling 
five-year period; and/or 
• Construction and operation of direct connection, 
or expansion of existing direct connection, of 
low carbon electricity generation below the 
threshold of 100 gCO2e/kWh measured on a life 
cycle basis to a substation or network. 
EU Environmental Objective 
1: 
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation (Article 10):  
- 
Substantial contribution to 
EU 
Objective 
1: (1.a) 
Generating, transmitting, 
storing, distributing or 
using renewable energy in 
line with Directive (EU) 
2018/ 
2001, 
including 
through using innovative 
technology 
with 
a 
potential for significant 
future savings or through 
necessary 
reinforcement 
or extension of the grid.  
 
Exclusions 
• 
Uses of Proceeds under the Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework for the financing of any 
activities relating to fossil-fuels or nuclear power is excluded.  
• 
Uses of Proceeds under the Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework for financing of 
infrastructure dedicated to creating a direct connection or expanding an existing direct connection 
between a substation or network and a power production plant that is more greenhouse gas 
intensive than 100 gCO2e/kWh measured on a life-cycle basis is excluded.

--- Page 132 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 132 - 
66-41080316 
 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection  
REN has established a process to determine the eligibility of the nominated assets, in accordance with the 
description of the Eligibility Criteria set out in the Use of Proceeds section of the Integrated Sustainable 
Financing Framework.  
The selection of the Eligible Green Assets is carried out by REN's Sustainable Financing Working Group 
("SFWG"), composed of members of the Finance, Sustainability & Communication and Operational 
Services teams. Eligible Green Asset selection and evaluation is based on:  
• 
Expected eligible amounts;  
• 
Eligibility Criteria described within REN's Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework;  
• 
Clear positive environmental contribution of the selected assets toward reducing CO2 emissions, or 
facilitating the reduction thereof, if applicable; and, 
• 
Satisfactory completion of relevant Environmental Impact Assessment procedures as required under 
Portuguese regulations.    
In addition to ensuring that the assets financed and/or refinanced through the Green Financing Instrument 
proceeds under the Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework are evaluated and selected based on 
compliance with the Eligibility Criteria, REN complies with applicable national, European and international 
environmental and social standards and regulations, to ensure management of any potential negative 
environmental and social impacts associated with the Eligible Assets.   
REN's Sustainability Guidelines and Policies define minimum standards for the business processes, 
including those financed with the proceeds of Notes issued under the Integrated Sustainable Financing 
Framework. REN also applies risk management measures in its capital allocation decisions which are 
supported by company-wide planning, reporting and controlling systems. REN currently operates four 
Management System standards (each of which is certified by an accredited external entity): Quality; 
Environment; Health and Safety at Work and Research, Development and Innovation. 
The Eligible Green Portfolio financed and/or refinanced through the Green Financing instrument proceeds 
under the Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework is established based on compliance with the 
specified Eligibility Criteria, REN's strategic plan, the EU Environmental Objectives, and the relevant Do 
No Significant Harm (DNSH) and Minimum Safeguards criteria of the EU Taxonomy. REN's activities are 
also carried out in compliance with applicable national, European and international environmental and 
social standards and regulations (including, amongst others, the ILO core labour conventions), to ensure a 
stringent management of any potential negative environmental and social impacts.  
The REN Sustainable Financing Working Group ("GFWG") will also be responsible for:  
• 
Monitoring the Eligible Green Asset Portfolio;  
• 
Excluding assets that no longer comply with the Eligibility Criteria, or have been disposed of, and 
replacing them, on a best-efforts basis;  
• 
As the Green Bonds mature, removal of older assets from the Eligible Green Asset Portfolio for and 
replacement assets to an equivalent amount, to ensure that such Notes continue to fund new assets;  
• 
Review and validation of annual reporting for investors; and  
• 
Maintaining the Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework and updating as necessary in order to 
reflect any changes with regards to the evolution of REN's sustainability strategy and targets, and to 
be in line with market best practices and latest standards.   
Management of Proceeds 
REN intends to allocate the net proceeds from its Green Bonds to an Eligible Green Asset Portfolio, selected 
in accordance with the Eligibility Criteria and Project Evaluation and Selection process presented above.

--- Page 133 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 133 - 
66-41080316 
 
Over time, REN will strive to maintain a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Asset Portfolio which 
matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Green Bonds.   
Eligible Green Assets shall qualify for refinancing without a specific look-back period, provided that at the 
time of issuance they align with the relevant Eligibility Criteria. In the event REN selects eligible green 
capital expenditures or operating expenditures, they shall qualify for refinancing with a maximum three-
year look-back period before the issuance year of the Sustainable Financing Instrument.  
REN intends, on a best-efforts basis, to fully allocate the proceeds within 24 months after the issuance date 
of the Green Financing instruments.  
Pending the allocation or reallocation, as the case may be, of the net proceeds to Eligible Green Assets, 
REN will invest the balance of the net proceeds, at its own discretion, into bank deposits, investment funds, 
money market funds or liquid marketable instruments, until the allocation to new Eligible Green Assets. If 
for any reason, any assets are deemed to be no longer eligible, REN will use its best efforts to substitute 
such asset, as soon as practical once an appropriate eligible substitution option has been identified. 
Reporting  
REN will report on the allocation of net proceeds and where feasible, the associated environmental benefits, 
annually until the proceeds of the Green Bonds have been fully allocated, and as necessary in the event of 
material changes or in case of substitution of Eligible Green Assets. This report will be made available 
within the 'Investor Relations' section on REN's website. 
The 
Integrated 
Sustainable 
Financing 
Framework 
is 
available 
on 
REN's 
website 
at 
https://www.ren.pt/media/0hffe3jc/ren-integrated-sustainable-finance-framework-2024.pdf and does not 
form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
The Group may, in the future, update the Integrated Sustainable Financing Framework and such criteria in 
line with developments in the market and any such amendments will be fully disclosed by REN to investors 
on its website. For the avoidance of doubt, such framework and such criteria, and the Second Party Opinion 
issued 
by 
ISS 
Corporate 
Solutions, 
Inc. 
on 
8 
November 
2024 
(available 
at 
https://www.ren.pt/media/1jkoovo1/second-party-opinion-ren-2024.pdf) are not, nor shall they be deemed 
to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 134 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 134 - 
66-41080316 
 
KEEP WELL AGREEMENT 
REN has entered into a Keep Well Agreement dated 21 July 2014 with REN B.V. (the "Keep Well 
Agreement") governed by English law. The following is the text of the Keep Well Agreement: 
This Keep Well Agreement (the "Deed") is executed by way of deed poll and is made on 21 July 2014 by 
and between: 
(1) 
REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. ("REN"); and 
(2) 
REN FINANCE B.V. ("REN B.V."). 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
REN B.V. is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of REN; 
(B) 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall, wherever the context 
so admits include any successor as trustee for holders of the Notes as defined below), REN and 
REN B.V. (each an "Issuer" and together the "Issuers") have entered into a trust deed dated 30 
July 2013 (as amended and/or restated and/or supplemented from time to time) (the "Trust Deed") 
relating to the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"); 
(C) 
REN B.V. may issue Notes after the date hereof pursuant to the Programme (the "Notes", which 
expression as used herein shall include Notes either in global or definitive form (and any receipts, 
coupons or talons appertaining to such Notes), which will be constituted by the Trust Deed as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time; 
(D) 
REN B.V. may also hereafter assume from time to time obligations under swap agreements which 
will be related to the Notes issued by REN B.V. (any obligation of REN B.V. in respect of each 
swap agreement entered into by REN B.V. and any Notes issued by REN B.V. under the 
Programme being herein referred to as a "Debt Obligation" and such obligations together being 
herein referred to as "Debt Obligations"); and 
(E) 
REN B.V. entered into the Programme as Issuer for its own benefit and also for the benefit of REN. 
INTERPRETATION 
In this Deed, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to: 
(A) 
an amendment includes a supplement, restatement or novation and amended is to be construed 
accordingly; 
(B) 
a provision of a law is a reference to that provision as extended, amended or re-enacted; 
(C) 
a person includes its successors and assigns; and 
(D) 
a document is a reference to that document as amended from time to time. 
NOW, THEREFORE, REN and REN B.V. hereby covenant and agree as follows: 
1. 
REN shall own, directly or indirectly, all of the issued and outstanding share capital of REN B.V. 
and will control the composition of the board of directors of REN B.V. so long as any Debt 
Obligation is outstanding and shall not pledge, grant a security interest in, encumber or dispose of 
any of such share capital. 
2. 
For so long as REN B.V. has outstanding Notes under the Programme, REN shall, with effect on 
and from the date of this Deed, cause REN B.V. to maintain a Tangible Net Worth (as hereinafter 
defined), as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in The 
Netherlands applied on a consistent basis, of at least one euro. 
"Tangible Net Worth" shall mean the total assets of REN B.V. less the sum of intangible assets 
and total liabilities of REN B.V. A certificate of the auditors of REN B.V. as to the amount of 
Tangible Net Worth shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and conclusive.

--- Page 135 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 135 - 
66-41080316 
 
3. 
For so long as REN B.V. has outstanding Notes under the Programme, if REN B.V. at anytime 
shall have insufficient funds or other liquid assets to meet its payment obligations (including in 
respect of any Debt Obligations) or to repay borrowings then maturing or subsequently to mature, 
upon receipt of notice from REN B.V. to such effect, REN shall make, or have made, available to 
REN B.V., before the due date of such payment obligations or borrowings, funds sufficient to 
enable REN B.V. to meet such payment obligations or to repay such borrowings, as the case may 
be, in full as they fall due. REN B.V. shall use the funds made available to it by REN hereunder 
solely for the fulfilment of its payment obligations and the repayment at maturity of its borrowings. 
4. 
Any and all funds from time to time provided by REN to REN B.V. pursuant to Clause 3 above 
shall, at the option of REN, be either (i) by way of subscription for and payment of share capital 
(other than redeemable share capital) of REN B.V., or (ii) by way of subordinated loan, i.e., a loan 
which, and interest on which, is not permitted to be, and is not capable of being, repaid or paid 
unless all other debt of REN B.V. has been fully satisfied and is subordinated on a winding-up of 
REN B.V. to all of the unsecured and unpreferred creditors of REN B.V. other than REN. 
5. 
REN warrants and agrees that its payment obligations which may arise hereunder constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of REN and rank pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of REN other than those obligations which are preferred by law. 
6. 
This Deed is not, and nothing herein contained and nothing done by REN pursuant hereto shall be 
deemed to constitute, a guarantee, direct or indirect, by REN of any Debt Obligation or any other 
debt of REN B.V. (or of any subsidiary of REN B.V.) or of any instrument issued by REN B.V. or 
of any subsidiary of REN B.V. 
7. 
If REN B.V. shall be in liquidation, administration or receivership or other analogous proceedings 
(including if REN B.V. is declared bankrupt ("faillissement") or is granted a moratorium of 
payment ("surséance van betaling") or enters into winding-up proceedings ("ontbinding")), and 
REN shall be in default of its obligations hereunder, REN shall be liable to REN B.V. by way of 
liquidated damages for such default in an amount equal to the sum that REN would have paid had 
it performed in full all of its obligations hereunder, and REN B.V. and any liquidator, administrator 
or receiver of REN B.V. or other analogous officer or official shall be entitled to claim accordingly. 
8. 
This Deed may be modified, amended or terminated only by the written agreement of REN and 
REN B.V. provided, however, that no such modification, amendment or termination shall be made 
which may be materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of any Debt Obligation while 
such Debt Obligation is outstanding. 
9. 
REN and REN B.V. each hereby covenant and agree as follows: 
(i) 
it will not consent, either orally or in writing, to any modification, amendment or 
termination of this Deed which may be materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders 
of the Notes issued by REN B.V. or the holders of any other Debt Obligation taken as a 
whole while any Notes issued by REN B.V. or other Debt Obligation remains outstanding; 
(ii) 
it will give written notice to the Trustee on behalf of the holders of the Notes issued by 
REN B.V. and to the holders of any other Debt Obligation at least 30 days prior to any 
proposed modification, amendment or termination of this Deed; 
(iii) 
it will fully and promptly perform its obligations and exercise its rights under this Deed 
and, in the case of REN B.V. (without limitation to the foregoing) exercise its right to 
enforce performance of the terms of this Deed by REN; and 
(iv) 
it will consent to the giving of an order of specific performance or similar relief by any 
court of competent jurisdiction in the event that any action is brought in respect of this 
Deed. 
10. 
This Deed: 
(i) 
shall take effect for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the holders of the Notes issued 
by REN B.V., and the holders of any other Debt Obligation. Apart from the parties to this 
Deed, the Trustee and the holders of any Debt Obligation, no other person, firm, company

--- Page 136 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 136 - 
66-41080316 
 
or association (unincorporated or incorporated) shall be entitled to any benefit under this 
Deed whatsoever, and has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
to enforce any term of this Deed. REN and REN B.V. hereby further acknowledge and 
covenant that, in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall be entitled 
on behalf of the holders of the Notes, and the holder of any Debt Obligation other than any 
Note shall be entitled on behalf of itself, to enforce the obligations set out in this Deed 
against REN and REN B.V., if and only insofar as at the time the proceedings for such 
enforcement are instituted, any Notes or the other relevant Debt Obligation, as the case 
may be, which have become due and payable remain unpaid in whole or in part; 
(ii) 
shall be deposited with and held by the Trustee for so long as the Trust Deed is in force 
and, if thereafter, any other Debt Obligation remains outstanding it will be deposited with 
and held by a reputable financial institution on behalf of the holder(s) of such other Debt 
Obligation. Both REN and REN B.V. hereby acknowledge the right of the holder of any 
Debt Obligation to obtain from either party a copy of this Deed.  
(iii) 
The term "holder" herein has the same meaning in relation to each Note as the term 
"Holder" in the Terms and Conditions of such Note. 
11. 
This Deed may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall 
constitute one and the same instrument. 
12. 
This Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Deed shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the English law. 
13. 
Each of REN and REN B.V. irrevocably agrees that the courts of England are to have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with this Deed (including 
a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Deed) 
and accordingly submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
14. 
Each of REN and REN B.V. waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that 
they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. 
15. 
Nothing contained herein shall limit any right to take any suit, action or proceeding (together 
referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with this Deed (including any 
Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this 
Deed) in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
16. 
Each of REN and REN B.V. appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered 
office at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom, as its agent for service 
of process and agrees that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited ceasing so 
to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service 
of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing in this clause shall affect the right to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
17. 
If REN B.V. is represented by an attorney or attorneys in connection with the signing and/or 
execution and/or delivery of this Deed or any agreement or document referred to herein or made 
pursuant hereto and the relevant power or powers of attorney is or are expressed to be governed by 
the laws The Netherlands, it is hereby expressly acknowledged and accepted by the other parties 
hereto that Netherlands law shall govern the existence and extent of such attorney's or attorney' 
authority and the effects of the exercise thereof. 
18. 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, REN irrevocably and unconditionally waives with 
respect to this Deed any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction or execution 
and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the giving of any relief or 
the issue of any process, including without limitation, the making, enforcement or execution 
against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment 
made or given in connection with any Proceedings. 
IN WITNESS whereof this Deed has been executed as a deed poll by REN and REN B.V. and entered into 
and delivered on the day and year above written.

--- Page 137 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 137 - 
66-41080316 
 
EXECUTED as a DEED by 
 
REN - Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, 
S.A. 
 
acting by 
) 
 ............................................................................... 
acting under the authority of that company in the ) 
 
presence of: 
) 
 ............................................................................... 
Witness' Signature: 
 
Witness' Name: 
 
Address: 
 
 
EXECUTED as a DEED by 
 
REN - Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, 
S.A. 
 
acting by 
) 
 ................................................................................. 
acting under the authority of that company in the
 
) 
 
presence of: 
) 
 ................................................................................. 
Witness' Signature: 
 
Witness' Name: 
 
Address: 
 
 
EXECUTED as a DEED by 
 
REN FINANCE B.V. 
 
acting by 
) 
 ................................................................................. 
acting under the authority of that company in the
 
) 
 
presence of: 
) 
 ................................................................................. 
Witness' Signature: 
 
Witness' Name: 
 
Address: 
 
 
EXECUTED as a DEED by 
 
REN FINANCE B.V. 
 
acting by 
) 
 ................................................................................. 
acting under the authority of that company in the
 
) 
 
presence of: 
) 
 ................................................................................. 
Witness' Signature: 
 
Witness' Name: 
 
Address:

--- Page 138 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 138 - 
66-41080316 
 
REN FINANCE B.V. 
REN Finance B.V., a wholly-owned subsidiary of REN, was incorporated and operates under Dutch law as 
a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) in 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands, on 10 May 2013, for an unlimited period of time. 
REN B.V. is notably governed by the following Dutch legislation: (i) Book 2 of the Civil Code (Burgerlijk 
Wetboek Boek 2) of 22 July 1976 (Stb. 1976, 395) (as amended), which sets out, amongst others, the legal 
framework applicable to public companies (naamloze vennootschappen) and private companies with 
limited liability (besloten vennootschappen) and (ii) the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het 
financieel toezicht) of 28 September 2006 (Stb. 2006, 475) (as amended and together with its subordinate 
and implementing decrees and regulations) which sets out, amongst others, the legal framework applicable 
to companies which have issued securities that are or will be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the EEA. 
REN B.V. has its registered office at De Cuserstraat 93, Unit 205, 1081 CN Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
(telephone number +31 20 894 9176), and its corporate seat is in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. REN B.V. 
is registered in the Commercial Register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under file number: 57903093. 
As per Article 2 of REN B.V.'s articles of association, REN B.V.'s main objective is, among other things, 
to assist REN and the Group in raising funds and on-lending monies to companies within the Group. 
REN B.V.'s issued capital amounts to twenty thousand euro (EUR 20,000) divided into twenty thousand 
(20,000) shares, issued at par and fully paid-up in cash. 
Management 
The management of REN B.V. is conducted by a management board that may consist of one or more 
members. Members of the management board are elected by the general meeting of the shareholders of 
REN B.V. and may be recalled from this position at any time. 
The current management board is composed of four members: Gonçalo João Figueira Morais Soares, Nuno 
Miguel da Silva Alves do Rosário, elected in 2013, Edwin Marinus van Ankeren, elected in 2016 and Henri 
Ralph Theodoor Kröner, elected in 2019. 
The details of the individual directors of REN B.V. are as follows:  
Name 
Appointment date 
Function 
Gonçalo João Figueira Morais Soares 
10 May 2013 
Managing Director A 
Nuno Miguel da Silva Alves do Rosário 
10 May 2013 
Managing Director A 
Edwin Marinus van Ankeren 
31 December 2016 
Managing Director B 
Henri Ralph Theodoor Kröner 
25 July 2019 
Managing Director B 
 
REN B.V. may be legally represented by the management board or by one Managing Director A and by 
one Managing Director B acting jointly. 
The members of the management board of REN B.V. do not have any conflicts, or any potential conflicts, 
between their duties to REN B.V. and their private interest or other duties. Each of the members of the 
management board exercises his management functions at REN B.V.'s head office at De Cuserstraat 93, 
Unit 205, 1081 CN Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
The Audit Committee of REN acts as audit committee for REN B.V. 
Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders 
During each financial year, at least one general meeting of shareholders shall be held in Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands (where REN B.V. has its corporate seat). Each outstanding share is entitled to one vote. 
Financial statements and the distribution of profits 
REN B.V.'s fiscal year coincides with the calendar year. The management board is authorised to reserve 
the profits, or a part thereof, as these appear from the adopted annual accounts. Subsequently the general 
meeting is authorised to resolve to distribute or to reserve the remainder of the profits, or a part thereof.

--- Page 139 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 139 - 
66-41080316 
 
Statement of financial position of REN B.V.  
 
Audited information 
 
Audited information 
As at 31 December 
2023 
As at 31 
December  
2022 
(thousands of euro) 
 
(thousands of euro) 
 
 
ASSETS 
Non-current assets......................................................................................... 
1,134,297 
 
1,145,711 
Current assets..:............................................................................................. 
229,691 
 
771,777 
Total assets................................................................................................. 
1,363,988 
 
1,917,488 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
Shareholder's equity..................................................................................... 
212,142 
 
202,033 
Total Shareholder's equity........................................................................ 
212,142 
 
202,033 
LIABILITIES 
 
Non-current liabilities................................................................................... 
1,132,864 
 
1,143,725 
Current liabilities.......................................................................................... 
18,982 
 
571,731 
Total liabilities............................................................................................ 
1,151,846 
 
1,715,456 
 
Total Shareholders' equity and liabilities................................................ 
1,363,988 
 
1,917,488 
 
Statement of Cash flows of REN B.V. 
 
Audited information 
Year  
ended  
31 December 
2023 
 
Audited information 
Year 
ended 
31 December 2022 
(thousands of euro) 
 
(thousands of euro) 
Net cash generated by (used in) operating activities 
19,418 
 
9,296 
Net cash used in investing activities 
550,418 
 
96,847 
Net cash generated by financing activities 
-569,849 
 
-106,198 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents...................................... 
-13 
 
-55 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 
248 
 
303 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period......................................... 
235 
 
248

--- Page 140 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 140 - 
66-41080316 
 
REN – REDES ENERGÉTICAS NACIONAIS, SGPS, S.A. 
 
REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. ("REN") is a public liability company organised as a 
"Sociedade Gestora de Participações Sociais" and a "Sociedade Anónima". As a holding company, REN 
indirectly pursues its economic activity through the management of holdings in other companies. 
REN is notably governed by the following Portuguese legislation: (i) the Decree-Law no. 495/88, of 30 
December (as amended) applicable to holding companies ("sociedades gestoras de participações sociais"); 
(ii) the Portuguese Companies Code, approved by the Decree-Law no. 262/86, of 2 September (as amended) 
which sets out the legal framework applicable to share limited liability companies ("sociedades anónimas"); 
(iii) the Portuguese Securities Code, approved by Decree-Law no. 486/99, of 13 November (as amended) 
which sets out the legal framework applicable to the public offers of securities; and (iv) regulations of the 
Portuguese Securities Market Commission applicable to the issuers of securities. 
REN has its registered office at Avenida Estados Unidos da América, No. 55, Lisbon, Portugal (Telephone: 
+351 21 001 35 00) and is registered at the Lisbon Commercial Registry Office of Lisbon under taxpayer 
and commercial registration number 503.264.032. As per article 3 of its articles of association, REN's 
purpose consists of the management of shareholdings in other companies which carry out activities in the 
areas of transmission of electricity, transmission and storage of natural gas and of reception, storage and 
regasification of liquefied natural gas and other related activities. Being a holding company ("Sociedade 
Gestora de Participações Sociais"), REN does not directly perform operational activities. 
REN was incorporated in August 1994 under the name of REN – Rede Eléctrica Nacional, S.A. ("REN 
Rede Eléctrica") as a result of the spin-off of a business unit of EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. ("EDP"). 
In November 2000, the Portuguese Republic acquired a 70 per cent. stake in REN from EDP as part of the 
liberalisation of the domestic energy market, which required the legal separation of electricity transmission, 
distribution and generation companies. 
Until September 2006, REN's core business was the operation and technical management of the National 
Electricity Transmission Grid in Portugal (the "RNT"), acting also as a sole purchaser of electricity, through 
the long-term PPAs executed between 1993 and 1996 with the hydro and thermal electricity generation 
plants in mainland Portugal. In September 2006, REN acquired certain assets and companies relating to the 
transportation and underground storage of natural gas and the liquefied natural gas ("LNG") terminal and 
regasification facility in Sines from Transgás as defined above. 
In January 2007, REN changed its by-laws to reorganise the group (the "Group"), becoming a holding 
company that operates electricity and gas businesses through its subsidiaries. It also changed its name to 
REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. 
In July 2007, the majority of the PPAs were terminated early and REN's activity as sole purchaser of 
electricity was replaced with a new and specifically regulated trading activity in the context of a market 
environment, involving the two PPAs that were kept in force. One of these PPAs terminated in 2021 and 
the remaining PPA is scheduled to be terminated in 2024.

--- Page 141 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 141 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
The diagram below sets out the structure of the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
 
 
REN - Redes Energéticas Nacionais 
REN Rede Elétrica 
ENONDAS 
Concessions – Gas 
Transmission 
REN Pro 
REN Finance BV* 
RENTELECOM 
RENTRADING 
Centro de Investigação R&D 
Nester** 
REN Serviços 
REN Gás 
Concession – Gas Distribution 
REN Gasodutos 
REN Armazenagem 
REN Atlântico 
REN PORTGÁS 
AERIO Chile*** 
APOLO Chile*** 
Transemel, S.A.*** 
Electricity 
*Company with registered office in The Netherlands. 
** R&D Nester – Company incorporated under the partnership with State Gird (with any corporate group relationship) 
*** Companies with registered offices in Chile.

--- Page 142 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 142 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
In July 2007, two new companies were incorporated by REN: REN Trading, for the management of the 
two remaining PPAs (entered into with Turbogás – Produtora Energética, S.A. ("Turbogás") and Tejo 
Energia, S.A. ("Tejo Energia")) and selling the energy acquired pursuant to those PPAs in the market 
(operating since 1 July 2007); and REN Serviços, S.A. ("REN Serviços"), which provides back office 
services to the Group. 
In October 2010, a new company Enondas, Energia das Ondas, S.A. ("Enondas"), whose share capital is 
fully owned by REN, was incorporated for the operation of a pilot zone for the generation of electric energy 
from sea waves, under a concession agreement entered into on 20 October 2010 with the Portuguese 
Republic for a duration of 45 years. 
REN Gás, S.A. ("REN Gás") of which 100 per cent. is held by REN Serviços, was incorporated in March 
2011. REN Gás holds, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the entire share capital of REN Gasodutos, 
S.A. and REN Armazenagem, and is expected to hold in the near future the entire share capital of REN 
Atlântico . This was the result of a corporate restructuring, which aimed to rationalise the organisation's 
structure and improve flexibility. The corporate restructuring placed particular emphasis on the organisation 
of the Group's main business areas and on the reinforcement of the Group's institutional image. The 
restructuring did not affect the substance of the Group's main activities nor the ownership of its assets and 
main holdings. 
In May 2012, the Portuguese Republic concluded the sale of 40 per cent. of REN's share capital to two 
strategic international partners, State Grid International Development ("SGID") (25 per cent.) and Oman 
Oil Company S.A.O.C. ("OOC") (15 per cent.). 
In July 2012, REN completed the acquisition of 7.5 per cent. of the share capital and voting rights of 
Hidroeléctrica de Cahora Bassa, S.A. ("HCB") in Mozambique. 
In May 2013, REN incorporated its wholly owned subsidiary, REN B.V., for the purpose of raising funds 
in the capital markets and financing the companies within the Group. 
In June 2014, the Portuguese Republic concluded the sale of 11 per cent. of REN's share capital in the 
market through a public offering in Portugal of 11,748,000 shares to retail investors and by way of a private 
placement of 46,992,000 shares to institutional investors within and outside of Portugal in reliance on 
Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (as amended). 
Since May 2016, the date in which 213,600,000 shares held by State Grid Europe Limited and Mazoon 
B.V. were admitted to trading, all of REN's shares are admitted to trading in Euronext Lisbon, regulated 
market managed by Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de Mercados Regulamentados, S.A., with ISIN 
code PTREL0AM0008. 
In February 2017, REN acquired a participation of 42.5 per cent. in the share capital of Electrogas S.A., 
which operates a gas pipeline in central Chile 165.6 km long. 
In October 2017 REN acquired the whole share capital of the EDP Gas Group (i.e. EDP Gas and its 
subsidiary EDP Gás Distribuição, S.A. (renamed REN Portgás Distribuição, S.A.)) from EDP Iberia, 
S.L.U., which held the second largest gas distribution network) in Portugal, with, at that time, 4,707 km of 
network at the time of the Acquisition. The purchase price (corresponding to the enterprise value) was EUR 
530.5 million. 
In December 2017, REN carried out a share capital increase through the issuance of 133,191,262 new 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of EUR 1.00 each with subscription reserved to the shareholders and 
purchasers of subscription rights pursuant to a rights offering, in accordance with applicable law. 
In November 2018, a new company – REN PRO, S.A. - was incorporated in order to render support 
services, including administrative, logistics, communication, business development, consultancy and IT 
services to the other companies of the group and to third entities.

--- Page 143 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 143 - 
66-41080316 
 
In October 2019 REN acquired, through its Chilean subsidiaries, the entire share capital of Transemel, a 
company with approximately 93 per cent. of its revenues coming from regulated activities, that owns and 
operates 92 km of electricity transmission lines and 5 substations, located mainly in northern Chile.  
On 30 July 2021, Pontegadea Inversiones S.L. acquired from Mazoon B.V. (a subsidiary of OOC), through 
an over-the-counter transaction, 80,100,000 shares of REN, corresponding to 12.006 per cent. of the share 
capital of REN. As a result of this acquisition, Pontegadea Inversiones S.L. holds directly 12.006 per cent. 
of the voting rights in REN and, such voting rights are attributable (imputados) to Mr. Amancio Ortega 
Gaona. 
Currently, a merger process of REN Trading into REN Eléctrica is ongoing. This merger is motivated by 
the fact that REN Trading's operational activity has ceased, and the merger seeks to enable the elimination 
of surpluses and greater organisational efficiency. The merger is expected to complete by the end of 
November 2024. 
Recent Developments 
As a result of Russia's large-scale military invasion of Ukraine in 2022, the escalation of the conflict 
between Israel and Gaza, and the Red Sea crisis linked to maritime transport, the global climate of 
uncertainty has generally worsened, with negative effects on the prospects for the world economy evolution 
and financial markets. The Group is not immune to this climate and its investment performance may be 
affected as a result of the significant fluctuations in the cost of energy and raw materials and the supply 
chain disruptions. 
The Group is actively monitoring this situation, has activated all the necessary plans and, although the 
situation is unpredictable, the Group, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, does not estimate to have, 
significant effects on its operability and regulatory duties. It should be noted that the Group operates 
essentially in two business areas, Electricity and Gas, in accordance with concession contracts awarded to 
the Group and that these are regulated, which to a certain extent minimises the possible impacts of the 
invasion of Ukraine by Russia. For more information on the risks related to these situations, please see 
"Risk Factors – Risks related to the energy prices volatility, inflation and potential shortage of commodities 
and materials". 
REN is an active agent in energy transition and environmental protection, developing electricity and gas 
infrastructure with the aim of ensuring the progressive decarbonisation of both sectors. Within the scope of 
its sustainability strategy, REN establishes environmental protection and restoration as one of its strategic 
priorities, acting in accordance with best practices with regard to its contribution as an environmentally 
responsible company. 
In this sense, the Group actively seeks to monitor and minimise the environmental impacts of its activities, 
in addition to promoting and restoring biodiversity and ecosystems, using natural resources rationally and 
contributing to the prevention of rural fires. Similarly, REN seeks to actively contribute to the promotion 
of environmental education and awareness raising among the population, to support the growth of the 
integration of renewable energy sources (RES) in the gas and electricity systems, through the construction 
and adaptation of its infrastructure, and to the promotion of projects and initiatives which are aligned with 
sustainability objectives and the decarbonisation of REN's assets. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there were no significant changes in the long-term expectation of 
recovery of the Group's investments and financial holdings. 
Business Overview 
REN engages in two principal lines of business: (i) electricity transmission and system operation where it 
operates the RNT; and (ii) gas, transport, distribution and technical system operation (including natural gas, 
gases of renewable origin and low-carbon gases) where it is engaged in the operation of the national high-
pressure gas transportation network, reception, storage and regasification of LNG, underground storage of 
gas and distribution of gas. Gas transportation and distribution networks operated by REN currently carry 
natural gas. In the future, it is possible REN will also carry natural gas blended with H2 and other gases, 
within minimum and maximum quotas of incorporation set by ERSE's regulations. 
REN holds concession rights to the entire infrastructure operated under public concessions relating to 
electricity transmission and gas transportation in Portugal until the end of each relevant concession period

--- Page 144 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 144 - 
66-41080316 
 
and also relating to the gas distribution in the coastal region of Northern Portugal (including natural gas, 
gases of renewable origin and low-carbon gases). 
REN's businesses are the result of the liberalisation of the electricity and natural gas industries in Portugal. 
This involved, in the case of electricity, the unbundling of certain regulated functions previously carried 
out by EDP (the vertically integrated electricity company in Portugal) into separate companies. In the case 
of natural gas, the regulated activities of Transgás (a former subsidiary of GALP Energia, S.A. ("GALP")) 
were split up under a reorganisation that included, among other things, the segregation of the natural gas 
regulated infrastructure for transport, underground storage and reception, storage and regasification of 
LNG. 
REN's electricity transmission business is conducted through its subsidiary REN Rede Eléctrica, which 
holds a concession to operate the electricity transmission network in Portugal (renewed for a 50-year period 
commencing on 15 June 2007). Pursuant to this concession, REN provides a public utility service in 
Portugal, which includes planning, constructing, operating and maintaining the electricity transmission 
network and managing the technical aspects of the national electricity system. 
REN's gas business comprises the ownership and operation of (i) the high-pressure natural gas, gases of 
renewable origin and low-carbon gases transportation network in Portugal; (ii) the LNG terminal in Sines, 
which is engaged in the reception, storage and regasification of LNG; (iii) the natural gas, gases of renewable 
origin and low-carbon gases distribution network in the northern coastal region of Portugal through the acquisition 
of REN Gás, SGPS, S.A.; and (iv) the underground storage and related facilities in Carriço. REN operates 
these businesses through 40-year concessions, granted by the Portuguese Republic on 26 September 2006 
(and in the case of the acquisition of EDP Gás, SGPS, S.A. on 1 January 2008). REN acquired EDP Gás, 
SGPS, S.A. and indirectly its subsidiary EDP Gás Distribuição, S.A. (currently named REN Portgás 
Distribuição, S.A.) from EDP Iberia, S.L.U. on 4 October 2017. EDP Gás, SGPS, S.A. holds the second 
largest gas distribution network in Portugal. For the year ended 31 December 2022, REN's total operating 
income, total operating results and net profit were EUR 824.68 million, EUR 239.72 million and EUR 
111.78 million, respectively, in comparison to figures of EUR 838.35 million, EUR 218.86 million and 
EUR 97.15 million, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
In February 2017, REN acquired a stake of 42.5 per cent. in the share capital of Electrogas, S.A., a Chilean 
company, through a company with registered office in Chile (Aerio Chile SpA), a wholly owned REN 
subsidiary. This transaction was an important milestone in REN's internationalisation. 
On 1 October 2019, REN's subsidiaries Aerio Chile SpA and Apolo Chile, SpA completed the Transemel 
Acquisition. 
REN also operates certain other businesses that complement its core electricity and gas businesses: a 
telecommunications business through RENTELECOM – Comunicações, S.A. ("RENTELECOM") which 
markets the excess telecommunications capacity of its electricity and natural gas networks, an energy 
trading business for the remaining PPA, a business piloting the production of electricity from sea waves 
through ENONDAS and a business providing engineering and advisory services to third parties through 
REN Serviços. 
In addition, REN holds other strategic stakes, in particular within the implementation of the agreement 
between the Portuguese Republic and Kingdom of Spain in relation to the incorporation of an Iberian 
electrical energy market and other relevant stakes. 
Sustainability strategy 
REN's sustainability strategy is intrinsically linked to fulfilling REN's mission of being an active agent in 
energy transition. REN is committed to creating sustainable value and making a tangible positive impact, 
both in its surrounding communities and ecosystems. REN embraces a conscious and responsible 
leadership, guided by the vision of building a greener and more resilient future.  
REN conducted a significant review of its sustainability strategy during the second half of 2023. This action 
was driven by the need to maintain a rigorous alignment with its strategic commitments. Crucial to this 
update is the focus on energy transition and decarbonisation, areas in which REN plays a significant role. 
Furthermore, this strategic review also responds to recent changes in standards, regulations, and guidelines, 
both at the national and international levels. REN also integrated in the analysis of its sustainability strategy

--- Page 145 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 145 - 
66-41080316 
 
the outputs of the 2023 stakeholder consultation process and the emerging best sustainability practices on 
a global scale, thus demonstrating its adaptability and resilience in sustainability. This process reflects 
REN's commitment to staying at the forefront of sustainable practices and promoting a positive impact on 
the environment and society. 
The strategic review resulted in the identification and definition of five priority areas, which reflect REN's 
commitment to sustainability: 
• 
Energy transition and climate change: To be recognised as a facilitator by integrating renewable 
energy sources into the grids while maintaining a commitment to a secure supply, service quality, 
and decarbonisation of its activities. 
• 
Natural capital management: To be recognised as an environmentally responsible company, 
acting in accordance with the best environmental management practices and actively contributing 
to environmental and natural capital protection. 
• 
Valuing REN's people: To value REN's employees through empowerment, compensation, and 
protection, ensuring an inclusive, safe, and well-being-focused work environment. 
• 
Creating value for stakeholders: To promote the engagement and support for stakeholders while 
ensuring the safety, reliability, quality, and supply of electricity and gas, all while acting in a 
socially responsible manner. 
• 
Responsible governance: To guide REN's activities by international best practices in ethics and 
governance, promoting a culture of anti-corruption and risk management. 
REN's sustainability strategy is directly linked to the Sustainable Development Goals ("SDGs"), with six 
priority SDGs and six relevant SDGs identified. 
As mentioned above, a new stakeholder consultation was conducted in mid-2023, in accordance with the 
best sustainability practices and the concept of double materiality. 
The abovementioned priority areas and its relevant topics were identified from the combination of the 
double materiality perspectives (impact and financial materiality) in establishing a matrix of sustainability 
topics. Two distinct levels of approach were defined, given their significance: 
Extremely significant material topics considering REN's impact on people, the environment and the ability 
to create value. These topics should be integrated into the strategy, through the definition of specific 
policies, objectives and targets; 
• 
Significant material topics considering REN's impact on people, the environment and the ability 
to create value. These topics can be integrated into the company's strategy, and their management 
must involve the implementation of relevant actions. 
• 
The final output resulted in the identification of eight extremely significant topics and five 
significant topics. 
To help fulfilling the sustainability objectives, in 2021 REN created the Sustainability Committee. Its key 
responsibilities include monitoring and reporting of REN's performance in the ESG dimensions, as well as 
evaluating the implementation of policies in these areas. The responsibilities and competencies of the 
Sustainability Committee are properly identified in the Sustainability Committee's Regulation, available at: 
https://www.ren.pt/media/mhsgowyd/sustainability-committee-terms-of-reference.pdf 
The Sustainability Committee's Regulation does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 146 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 146 - 
66-41080316 
 
ELECTRICITY INDUSTRY 
As a consequence of the financial and economic crisis, the global health crisis and the energy efficiency 
measures put in place by the Portuguese Republic, electricity consumption in Portugal reached its highest 
historic level in 2010 and has not reached the same level to date. Although it remains close to that value, 
electricity consumption in Portugal has had negative average annual growth rate in the last decade. 
According to REN's internal data, in 2023, electricity consumption increased 0.80 per cent. compared to a 
growth of 1.8 per cent. in 2022, 1.71 per cent. in 2021 and 3.0 per cent. in 2020.  
Portugal has one of the lowest electricity consumption per capita in the EU. The graph below indicates the 
final electricity consumption per capita in the EU Countries listed below: 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Source: based on Eurostat data for final electricity consumption and population 
In 2022, the electricity consumption per capita in Portugal amounted to 4.8 MWh, compared with 4.9 MWh 
in Spain and 5.6 MWh across all other EU countries. Between 2012 and 2022, the compound annual growth 
rate of the electricity consumption per capita was 0.7 per cent. in Portugal, -0.7 per cent. in Spain and -0.4 
per cent. in the EU countries. 
The table below illustrates the growth in annual electricity consumption by source in Portugal between 
2014 and 2023: 
Consumption by source  
________________ 
Source: REN 
EU-27; 5.6
Portugal; 4.8
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
Finland
Sweden
Luxembourg
Austria
Belgium
France
Slovenia
Netherlands
Ireland
Germany
Czech Republic
EU-27
Denmark
Estonia
Cyprus
Malta
Italy
Bulgaria
Spain
Portugal
Greece
Slovakia
Hungary
Croatia
Poland
Lithuania
Latvia
Romania
MWh Per Capita
Final Electricity Consumption per capita [MWh], 2022
TWh
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Coal
11.1
13.7
11.7
13.6
11.1
5.1
2.1
0.7
0.0
0.0
Large Hydro
13.6
7.3
13.8
4.5
10.7
7.2
10.6
10.2
4.9
9.8
Gas
1.4
5.2
7.4
13.5
10.1
11.6
12.2
11.0
13.9
7.9
Wind
11.8
11.3
12.2
12.0
12.4
13.4
12.1
12.9
13.0
12.9
Solar
0.6
0.8
0.8
0.9
0.8
1.1
1.3
1.7
2.5
3.6
Others
9.5
8.4
8.5
7.9
8.4
8.6
9.1
8.2
6.8
6.2
Imports
0.9
2.3
-5.1
-2.7
-2.7
3.4
1.5
4.8
9.3
10.2
Total
48.8
49.0
49.3
49.6
50.9
50.3
48.8
49.5
50.3
50.7

--- Page 147 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 147 - 
66-41080316 
 
During this period, the Portuguese system kept the diversification of its energy sources. Gas-fired, 
hydroelectric and wind power plants remain the main contributors to electricity production and whilst there 
has been no growth in the installed capacity of natural gas power plants, significant reinforcements have 
been made to large hydroelectric power plants already in service. Coal-fired generation, in turn, ended in 
2021, with the deactivation of the Sines coal-fired power plant in January 2021 and of the Pego coal-fired 
power plant (that had a PPA managed by REN Trading) in November 2021. 
There has been an increase in electricity generation from renewable resources, in particular from wind power 
(which currently represents a share similar to hydropower). Since 2019, the coal fired generation facilities 
were losing share and they were completely discontinued by the end of 2021. Also, Portugal's 2020 
Photovoltaic ("PV") auction marked a new era of solar energy battery storage, since bidders could compete 
for the first time through storage systems, including combinations such as solar PV plus battery. In 2022, 
Portugal completed the first PV floating auction. In 2023 solar PV already represented 7.0 per cent. of the 
Portuguese consumption and is the fastest growing technology in the coming years. 
Currently the Portuguese system uses a wide range of primary energy sources and technologies (namely 
gas, water, waste, wind, biomass and solar). The main electricity generators in Portugal (fossil and hydro 
resources) are currently EDP – GEM Portugal, Endesa Generation,and MOVHERA Hidroelétricas do Norte 
(ENGIE Group). As regards renewable energy generation (other than large hydro), some of the main 
generators are EDP Renewables, Finerge, Nadara, Trustenergy, Altri, Navigator and Total (Generg). In 
addition, depending on the EU electricity market conditions, the national system may export or import 
through the interconnections with Spain. REN - Rede Eléctrica Nacional operates the national transmission 
network in mainland Portugal connecting generators and distributors to consumers and matching supply 
with demand. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, REN is the single national concessionaire of electricity 
transmission in mainland Portugal. 
Electricity transmission and distribution are activities carried out under public service concessions. 
E-Redes Distribuição de Energia ("E-Redes"), a subsidiary of EDP is, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the sole high and medium voltage distribution concessionaire in Portugal and the largest low voltage 
distribution company. It should be noted that concessions for low voltage distribution systems are expiring 
and that public tenders for awarding the new concessions are foreseen to occur in a near future. 
Electricity supply companies are responsible for managing relationships with customers, including billing 
and customer service. 
The current national electricity system 
Under the current electricity industry framework, the National Electricity System ("SEN") is divided into 
eight major activities: generation, storage, self-consumption, transmission, distribution, aggregation and 
supply, logistics for switching aggregators or suppliers and operation of the organised electricity markets. 
Each of these activities has to comply with the unbundling criteria established according to market structure 
models, as per Directive (EU) 2019/944 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 June 2019, as 
last amended by Directive (EU) 2024/1711 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 June 2024, 
on common rules for the internal market for electricity (the "Electricity Directive") which was transposed 
by the Portuguese Government Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January, as last amended by Decree-Law 
no. 104/2023, of 17 November ("Decree-Law no. 15/2022") which sets out the organisation and 
functioning of the SEN.  
In June 2024, the European Union published a legal package enacting the reform of the European Electricity 
Market Design ("EMD") with the aim of making the European Union market more resilient and the energy 
bills of European consumers and companies more independent from the short-term market price of 
electricity. This package consists of an electricity market regulation and a directive, introducing a set of 
measures aimed to: 
- 
facilitate the integration of renewable energy (so that the ambitious targets defined by the European 
Union in the Fit-for-55 legislative package are met); 
- 
give consumers an active role through more options in electricity contracts, diversity of contracting at 
fixed and long-term prices, or with dynamic prices, and with clearer information;

--- Page 148 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 148 - 
66-41080316 
 
- 
establish specific protection to consumers in the event of an unexpected price increase in electricity 
wholesale markets; and 
- 
provide stability for companies and generators supported by long-term Power Purchase Agreements 
("PPAs") and Contracts for Difference ("CfDs") for a stable return on investments (including power 
plants of wind, solar, geothermal, non-reservoir hydroelectric and nuclear energy) and to avoid 
excessive costs in the event of a new energy crisis. 
The electricity market regulation amends the electricity regulation, together with targeted changes in the 
Regulation (EU) 2019/942 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 June 2019, as last amended 
by Regulation (EU) 2024/1787 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 June 2024, which 
established a European Union Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators ("ACER"). It entered into 
force on the twentieth day following publication and became directly applicable in all member states. The 
provisions amending the Electricity Directive (and some targeted articles of the renewables directive) have 
been split from the regulation and became a self-standing directive. EU member states will have up to six 
months to adapt their national legislation to the provisions of the new electricity market directive. 
This reform has also included the revision of the regulation devoted to ensuring integrity and transparency 
in wholesale energy markets (electricity and natural gas), promoting competition, preventing trading based 
on inside information and deterring market manipulation (REMIT). This revision focused on strengthening 
the following key aspects: registration requirements for market participants (including market participants 
from third countries); prohibition of insider trading; ACER's competences to decide and to impose 
sanctions; ACER's investigation competences; communication and reporting obligations of market 
participants; and the operational requirement for IIPs (Inside Information Platforms). 
Regulation (EU) 2018/1999 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 December 2018, on the 
governance of the energy union and climate action, introduced the national energy and climate plans for all 
member states as part of the "Clean Energy for all Europeans Package" which was adopted in 2019.  
In order to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 and in line with the European targets, the Portuguese National 
Energy and Climate Plan 2030 was approved by the Resolution of the Council of Ministers no. 53/2020, of 
10 July 2020 ("PNEC 2030"). The process of revising PNEC 2030 under article 14 of the Regulation (EU) 
2018/1999 of 11 December 2018 is currently reaching the final stage. Public consultation of the revision 
proposal ended on 5 September 2024, and discussion at Parliament will follow before its adoption and 
subsequent submission to the European Commission. 
The proposal of revision of PNEC 2030 sets more ambitious goals for the reduction in greenhouse gas 
emissions and for the increased share of renewable energy, tracing a trajectory to achieve climatic neutrality 
in 2045. The national target for reduction of greenhouse gas emissions is set to 55 per cent. by 2030 relative 
to 2005 levels, being the most ambitious threshold of the previously established range (45 to 55 per cent.). 
It also sets a 51 per cent. target for the share of renewable energy in final energy consumption by 2030, an 
increase from the previous goal of 47 per cent., mainly supported by additional attraction towards 
investment in renewables in all sectors (Electricity: 93 per cent.; Heating and cooling: 63 per cent.; 
Transport: 29 per cent.). 
According to the reviewed proposal submitted to the public consultation, the total installed capacity targets 
for renewable energy generation is expected to increase to 48 GW by 2030 (well above the 32 GW 
established in the prior version of the Portuguese National Energy and Climate Plan), which may require 
additional expansion and reinforcement of the national electricity grid. 
The European Parliament published the Directive (EU) 2023/2413 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 18 October 2023 (the "RED III Directive") amending among others the Directive (EU) 
2018/2001 (the "RED II Directive"), on the promotion of energy from renewable sources. 
The RED III Directive was developed in consideration of the European Green Deal and the targets outlined 
to achieve climate neutrality in the European Union by 2050. As an intermediate step, a reduction of at least 
55 per cent. in greenhouse gas emissions is sought. In this way, and to accelerate processes in accessing 
renewable energies, some instructions have been changed, namely in the granting of licences for the 
installation of renewable energy source technologies.  
The RED III Directive has not yet been transposed into national law. However, the Ordinance no.6757-
A/2024, of 17 of July 2024, established a Working Group for this purpose. On 9 September 2024, a proposal

--- Page 149 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 149 - 
66-41080316 
 
for an amendment to Decree-Law no. 15/2022 was submitted to public consultation, which would partially 
transpose the RED III Directive. 
Electricity generation and storage 
Electricity generation is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, fully open to competition, subject to only 
obtaining the mandatory licences and approvals for the implementation of the project and carrying out the 
activity. For small generating units (up to 1 MW of installed capacity), simple registries and certificates of 
operation, or prior communications, are required. 
Renewable source electricity generators that do not benefit from a guaranteed remuneration (or for which 
guaranteed remuneration is paid through a contract for differences, as occurs with solar photovoltaic plants 
licensed according to the 2020 solar auction and the 2022 floating solar auction in the modality of fixed 
price) sell their electricity in the market, at market prices. Decree-Law no. 15/2022 sets forth the activity of 
Last Resort Aggregator ("LRA"), which is obliged to purchase all electricity generated in self-consumption 
excess and generated by power plants benefiting from guaranteed remuneration (the majority of which are 
renewable energy plants, mostly wind powered, licensed until 2012, when legislation setting feed-in-tariffs 
was revoked). Also, the LRA is the default purchaser vis-à-vis electricity generated by renewable power 
plants. 
The license for LRA was not issued yet; meanwhile, the Last Resort Supplier ("LRS") shall comply with 
the existing power purchase agreements concluded under the applicable law at the time. For new generators, 
the LRS shall purchase self-consumption excess and renewable energy generated by renewable power 
plants with injection capacity of up to 1 MW; the remaining generators will sell in wholesale market. 
The electricity consumption in Portugal in 2023 was mainly provided by renewable sources (including large 
hydroelectric power plants), which met 61 per cent. of total consumption, according to REN's internal 
estimates. The remaining demand, about 49 per cent. of the consumption was met by natural gas-fired power 
plants and imported energy. 
Hydroelectric power plants have low operating costs and offer a quick solution when needed; however 
hydroelectric supply depends greatly on meteorological conditions and therefore fluctuates widely based 
on the availability and amount of available water storage capacity. As noted, since 2019, the Portuguese 
Government launched three auctions to award capacity in the grid for PV projects: the first in 2019, with 
1150 MW of capacity awarded, the second in 2020, with 670 MVA awarded, and the last one in 2022, 
specifically designed to award capacity for PV floating projects, with 183 MVA awarded. It is also worth 
noting the 2022 award of Pego's point of connection, in consequence of the termination of Tejo Energia's 
PPA. 
In 2023, imports of electricity outweighed exports, and the net import balance represented about 20 per 
cent. of the Portuguese consumption. 
The recent Decree-Law no. 15/2022 provides for the legal regime on decentralised production (renewable 
small generating units, i.e., of installed capacity up to 1 MW) and self-consumption. Self-consumption may 
be individual (prosumer, be it domestic or industrial) or collective, be done behind-the-metre (through 
private wires) or through the public grid, and of proximity or remote, the latter being available for electro-
intensive industry only. Said diploma also sets forth the regimes for renewable energy communities (CER) 
and citizens communities for energy (CCE), which are similar to the collective self-consumption one. 
Finally, the diploma also provides for the electricity storage regime. Storage may serve as a system service 
to be provided to the global system manager (REN Eléctrica), against remuneration. In general, storage 
installations are expected to be owned by generators and self-consumers, although they also may be owned 
and managed by closed grids operators and, subject to strict requirements and ERSE's favorable opinion, 
by other system operators, notably the TSO and DSOs. 
Electricity transmission 
Electricity transmission activities are carried out by REN Rede Eléctrica, a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
REN, by means of an exclusive concession granted by the Portuguese Republic on 15 June 2007 for a 50-
year period. Transmission includes the conveyance of electricity through interconnected very high and high 
voltage networks. The activities carried out under this concession are described below in greater detail.The 
TSO of the SEN unbundled from generation, distribution or supply activities in the SEN and in the National

--- Page 150 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 150 - 
66-41080316 
 
Gas System ("SNG"). Strict unbundling criteria between transmission and generation and supply are set 
forth in the current electricity framework. Further limits regarding the holding of direct or indirect 
participations in the TSO of the SEN were set by the industry's legal framework. 
Electricity distribution 
Electricity distribution is carried out through the operation of the national distribution grid, which consists 
of a medium and high voltage network, and through the operation of the low voltage distribution grids that 
are municipality concessions. The national distribution network in mainland Portugal (high and medium 
voltage) is operated through an exclusive public service concession granted by the Portuguese Republic. 
The concession for the activity of electricity distribution in high and medium voltage belongs to E-Redes, 
as a result of the conversion into a concession agreement of the former licence held by this company. E-Redes 
is also the major low voltage distributor in Portugal, together with a limited number of local low voltage 
distributors. The low voltage distribution grids continue to be operated under concession agreements 
granted by the municipalities. As stated above, public tenders for the awarding of new low voltage 
concessions are set to be launched soon, as current concessions are expiring. The existing concession 
agreements have been amended to comply with the unbundling criteria set out under the new regime, as 
applicable and described in more detail in "Regulation".  
Distribution activity is unbundled from other activities of the SEN by legal, accounting and decision-
making standpoint. 
Electricity supply and aggregation 
The supply of electricity is open to competition, subject only to obtaining a registration or, in the case of 
the Last Resort Supplier ("LRS"), a license. Suppliers are free to purchase and supply electricity. For this 
purpose, they have the right of access to the transmission and distribution grids upon payment of access 
fees set by the sector's regulator, ERSE. Under the current electricity framework, consumers are free to 
choose their supplier, and may switch suppliers without incurring any additional charges. In view of the 
difficulties to access consumption capacity in the grid, the Portuguese Government enacted Decree-Law 
no. 80/2023, of 6 September 2023 creating an exceptional procedure for allocating said capacity in areas of 
high demand, especially due to the presence of electricity intensive industry. 
Suppliers are subject to certain commercial service standards in respect of the quality of service and are 
required to provide access to information in simple and understandable terms. 
In addition, the LRS of the SEN, which is subject to regulation set out by ERSE, has been undertaken by 
SU Eletricidade, S.A. ("SU Eletricidade") to most of mainland Portugal and by a limited number of local 
low voltage distribution concessionaires. When the transitory tariffs are in force, SU Eletricidade is 
responsible for the supply of consumers in normal low voltage, i.e., with contracted power up to 41,4 kVA, 
afterwards, it is obliged to supply only all economically vulnerable consumers demanding such supply. 
Under market conditions, consumers are free to choose their electricity supplier and are exempt from any 
payment when switching suppliers. In order to manage the operation of switching suppliers, an independent 
logistics operator, ADENE ("Agência para a Energia"), was created in 2017 by Law no. 42/2016 and 
Decree-Law no. 38/2017. ADENE is independent from other entities in the SEN in a legal and functional 
basis and is subject to ERSE's regulation. The recent Decree-Law no. 15/2022 sets forth that the activity of 
logistics operator of switching of suppliers (now extended also to aggregators) will be carried out to an 
entity selected in a competitive tender and to be provided with a license valid for 10 years. 
Operation of the organised electricity markets 
The Iberian electricity market ("MIBEL"), a joint initiative of the Portuguese and Spanish states, is in 
operation, being composed of a spot market (day-ahead and intraday transactions), and a forwards market 
(monthly, trimester and annual transactions) on energy derivatives. 
MIBEL is a competitive market of electricity and electricity derivatives. MIBEL has, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, two market operators: OMIE for the spot market, based in Spain and OMIP for the 
forwards market based in Portugal.

--- Page 151 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 151 - 
66-41080316 
 
Electricity activities and Tariffs 
Electricity tariffs are uniform across mainland Portugal and are set "ex-ante" by ERSE, on an annual basis, 
based on estimated allowed revenues which typically are based on actual costs or on an efficient cost 
structure and on the weighted average cost of capital of the regulated companies of the electricity sector 
(such as SEN's TSO and DSOSs), and quantity forecasts, according to the rules set out in the Tariff 
Regulation and in other tariff documents approved by ERSE. 
On 1 July 2007, with the beginning of the Iberian electricity spot market, the majority of the PPAs were 
subject to early termination, except for two long-term PPAs, one of which was terminated in 2021 and the 
other in March 2024. 
As a consequence, REN (through the RNT concessionaire, REN Rede Eléctrica) ceased acting as a "single 
buyer" of electricity and focused on its regulated activities, as follows: 
• 
electricity transmission activity, which ensures: 
− 
the transmission of electricity through the RNT for delivery to the distributors in medium and 
high voltage, to the consumers connected to the RNT and to very high voltage networks to which 
the RNT is connected; 
− 
the planning, design, construction, operation and maintenance of all the RNT infrastructure and 
of the interconnections to the international networks with which it is connected with the aims of 
safety, reliability and quality of service; and 
− 
the maintenance of the RNT in mainland Portugal to ensure safety, reliability and quality of 
service. 
• 
the global use of the system activity, under which REN: 
− 
manages electricity flows within the network, ensuring interoperability with the networks to 
which it is connected; 
− 
contracts services through efficient, transparent and competitive mechanisms for operational 
reserve of the system and remuneration and compensation of electricity production and 
consumption deviations; 
− 
receives from market agents information in relation to both the materialisation of bilateral 
agreements established and of the quantities traded by each participant in the organised markets; 
− 
provides users' settlement system services; 
− 
monitors the security of supply; and 
− 
pays the global costs as included in the overall system use tariff. 
With regards to electricity, REN's regulated activities recover allowed revenues through the application of 
the transmission grid tariff ("URT") and of the global use of system tariffs ("UGS"). The legislation and 
the Tariff Regulation of the Electricity Sector established the allowed revenues applicable to REN, in its 
role of TSO. Likewise, they set out the level of compensation for the activities carried out by REN Trading 
as "commercial agent" under the remaining PPA. 
From 2022 onwards, the model applied to REN Trading consisted of the recovery of the costs with 
Turbogás' PPA, the operating costs and the remuneration of the assets. 
On 15 December 2021, ERSE published parameters for the 2022-2025 regulatory period.  
The efficiency factor defined by ERSE applicable to REN in 2022-2025 is set at 1.5 per cent. for the 
activities of Global System Management and Energy Transmission. ERSE has also decided to maintain a 
0.75 per cent. premium on all assets built before 31 December 2021 that were eligible under the reference 
cost mechanism.

--- Page 152 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 152 - 
66-41080316 
 
A new regulatory model is defined with a revenue cap methodology applied to the controllable TOTEX 
(Total Expenditure, i.e. Capital Expenditure plus Operational Expenditure) of electricity transmission, and 
additional revenues coming from incentives based on adequate network performance. ERSE introduced 
two mechanisms: 
• 
Incentive to improve technical performance (IMDT) - Promotion of an adequate network performance. 
Based on performance metrics (Equivalent interruption time, Network and equipment availability and 
Interconnection capacity) and ranges between - EUR20m to + EUR20m. 
• 
Efficiency sharing mechanism - a mechanism under which the positive or negative spread from the 
defined reference return is shared/recovered at the end of the regulatory period with cumulative sharing 
ratios 0 per cent., 50 per cent. and 100 per cent. as the spread grows. 
The key elements of ERSE's proposal for the regulatory period 2022-2025 with an impact on the RoR are 
presented below. 
• 
The reference RoR was set at 4.40 per cent; 
• 
The RoR is indexed to the arithmetic average of the daily quotation of the Portuguese Republic 
10-year Treasury bond yield as reported by the Bank of Portugal; 
• 
The starting point of the index is 0.302 per cent. The value was obtained calculating the arithmetic 
daily average of the daily 10-year Portuguese Republic treasury bond yield, in the three months 
ending on 15 November 2021; 
• 
For the purpose of calculation of the RoR of year t, the average of the daily quotations of the index 
from October year t-1 up to September of year t will be considered. The average shall be filtered 
by eliminating 1/12 of the highest quotations and 1/12 of the lowest; 
• 
There is a linear relation between the Portuguese Republic treasury bond yield and the RoR; 
• 
A variation of 1 per cent. of the Portuguese 10YTB implies a variation of 0.3 per cent. in the RoR; 
• 
The minimum RoR is set at 3.7 per cent, based on an average of the Portuguese Republic treasury 
bond yields of (-) 2.031 per cent; and 
• 
The maximum RoR is set at 7.0 per cent., based on an average of the Portuguese Republic treasury 
bond yields of 8.969 per cent.  
The assets valued at reference costs benefit from a premium of 0.75 per cent. 
The following chart represents the indexation methodology of the base RoR for REN's electricity's 
regulated activities.

--- Page 153 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 153 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
 
Source: ERSE 
REN's Electricity Transmission Business 
Overview 
As mentioned above, the exclusive concession for electricity transmission in mainland Portugal was granted 
to REN Rede Eléctrica by the Portuguese Republic, under a public service and exclusivity regime, as per 
the concession agreement entered into on 15 June 2007 for a 50-year period (by its Second Amendment, as 
of 23 April 2019, the concession also includes a 17 km2 marine space in the continental national sea offshore 
Viana do Castelo). Under Decree-Law no. 15/2022 and the concession agreement, the concession assets are 
owned by REN Rede Eléctrica until the concession reverts to the Portuguese Republic in exchange for the 
net book value of the assets.  
The concession includes the planning, design, construction, operation, maintenance and decommissioning 
of the RNT and the global technical management of the SEN, to ensure the coordination of electricity 
generation, distribution and electricity transmission infrastructure, together with the management of the 
transnational interconnections (such as those with the Spanish transmission grid), to protect the continuity 
and security of supply and ensure the integrated and efficient operation of the SEN. 
As the concessionaire for the RNT, REN Rede Eléctrica is obliged to ensure the security of electricity 
supply, thereby meeting operational, quality and safety standards established in national and European laws 
and regulations. In 2023, ERSE approved the amendment of the following regulations: Commercial 
Relations Code, which establishes the rules between agents in the electricity sector; Regulation on Access 
to Networks and Interconnections, which, namely, outlines the access rules to network and interconnections 
and transparency obligations applicable to network operators; the Tariffs Regulation, which defines the 
revenues that regulated companies in the electricity sector are allowed to recover; the Regulation and 
Manual on Quality of Service for the Electricity Sector, which seeks to enhance the quality of service 
provided by agents within the SEN (in which REN Rede Eléctrica plays a role); the Network Operations 
Code, which establishes, among other things, the conditions for managing electricity flows in the networks 
and conditions by which the global system manager monitors the availability of the power plants and 
network elements; and Self-Consumption Code, which includes subjects such as the commercial 
relationships between parties in self-consumption, metering and data handling.  
3,70
4,40
7,00
0,0
1,0
2,0
3,0
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
-3,0
-2,0
-1,0
0,0
1,0
2,0
3,0
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
WACC Transporte
OT (%)
-2,031
8,969

--- Page 154 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 154 - 
66-41080316 
 
REN Rede Eléctrica is a member of the European and Mediterranean associations of Transmission System 
Operators, the European Network of Transmission System Operators and the Mediterranean Transmission 
System Operators (respectively "ENTSO-E" and "MED-TSO"). 
The RNT 
The RNT covers Portugal's mainland and, for the time being, approximately 17 km² of the Portuguese sea 
domain offshore Viana do Castelo. RNT is interconnected with the Spanish transmission grid (managed by 
Red Eléctrica de España) by means of nine very high voltage circuit lines, including six at 400 kV 
(connecting Minho and Galicia - two circuits -, Douro International, Tejo International, Alentejo and 
Estremadura, and also Algarve and Andaluzia) and three at 220 kV (Douro International). 
Interconnection capacity depends on a variety of factors related to the real operation conditions of the 
network. The average interconnection capacity, between Portugal and Spain for commercial purposes in 
2023 was approximately 3.1 and 3.6 GW (exporting and importing average capacity). This interconnection 
capacity is expected to grow further when the planned new 400 kV interconnection line between the regions 
of Minho (Portugal) and Galicia (Spain) enters into operation. 
As of 31 December 2023, RNT had in service 9,409 km of circuit lines, of which 3,080 km of 400 kV, 
3,849 km of 220 kV and 2,481 km of 150 kV power lines, and a total transformation capacity of 40,027 
MVA, of which 14,920 MVA is auto-transformation (connecting RNT different voltage levels). 
The very high voltage grid is based on 400 kV lines running in a north-south direction near the coast, from 
the Alto Lindoso power plant in the north of Portugal, to the Tavira substation in the south. Starting from 
this axis, the other 400 kV lines run from west to east into Spain: the Alto Lindoso-Cartelle double circuit 
interconnection; the diagonally spanning branch from Paraimo (close to the Anadia municipality, 
approximately 30 km inland) connecting Vermoim (Porto) to Armamar via Recarei and from Armamar to 
Spain through the Lagoaça-Aldeadavila interconnection; the lines from Rio Maior and Batalha entering 
Spain through the Falagueira-Cedillo interconnection; the line from Sines entering Spain through the 
Alqueva-Brovales interconnection; and the line from Portimão entering Spain through the Tavira-
P.Guzmán interconnection. Besides this 400 kV transmission network structure, RNT includes a 220 kV 
voltage level with a meshed set of overhead and underground lines, mainly between Lisbon and Porto, and 
diagonally from Pereiros (close to the city of Coimbra) to the Miranda hydro power plant (close to the 
municipality of Miranda do Douro). The 150 kV grid is geographically distributed through scattered centres 
interconnected with the 220 and 400 kV network levels, providing further coverage to the very high voltage 
grid, in the North-Northeast (as of 2019, including the first very high voltage submarine cable in Portugal, 
installed offshore Viana do Castelo), as well as in a small area in central mainland Portugal and in the South 
supporting Setúbal, Alentejo and Algarve regions.  
In 2023, several projects were completed, aiming to reinforce the supply to the national distribution grid, 
to create connections to new renewable power plants, and also to assure operation security and reliability 
of the RNT and the global electrical system. From these reinforcements, REN highlights the reformulation 
of the Caniçada – Fafe – Riba D'Ave axis, at 150 kV; the new Vila Nova de Famalicão substation with two 
400/60 kV transformer units (170 MVA each); and new circuit ends at the Ribatejo switching station (400 
kV), Fundão (220 kV) and Castelo Branco (150 kV) substations. In addition to the grid development 
projects mentioned above, investment was also made to manage the end of life of grid assets. This included 
the modernisation of protection, automation and control systems at Alto Mira, Palmela, Estoi, Pereiros, 
Valdigem, Rio Maior and Pocinho substations and at Sabóia switching station. 
As of 31 December 2023, RNT had 87 stations (71 transformer substations and 16 switching and sectioning 
stations). These substations and switching stations connect the different parts of RNT and provide the entry 
and exit points at which the power plants, distributors and some large consumers, as well as international 
interconnections, are connected to RNT. 
The majority of RNT primary equipment has an average estimated useful lifespan of between 30 and 40 
years as of the date of the commencement of their operation. The expansion of the RNT started during the 
early 1950s and has been subject to a continuous process of monitoring, regular maintenance, expansion 
upgrading and reinforcement, including the systematic upgrading of all of REN's oldest transmission lines.

--- Page 155 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 155 - 
66-41080316 
 
In 2023, REN's electricity sector average RAB (Regulatory Asset Base) was composed of an electricity 
average RAB with a premium rate of EUR 960 million, an electricity average RAB without premium rate of 
EUR 1,084 million and hydroelectric power plants land average assets of EUR 181 million. 
The following graph shows the evolution of REN's electricity average RAB in the period 2014 to 2023: 
 
Source: REN 
Quality of service of the national transmission network 
The quality of service in 2023 was impacted by a large industrial fire that affected the Carregado – Seixal 
line on 22 October 2023, causing a long duration interruption (2,225 minutes), corresponding to an Energy 
Not Supplied of 2,543.7 MWh, which, according to the Service Quality Regulation, was classified as a 
Major Incident and Exceptional Event. Excluding the Exceptional Event, the global Average Interruption 
Time ("AIT") was 23.4 seconds, corresponding to an Energy Not Supplied of 35.7 MWh. 
Despite this fact, the quality of technical service provided — understood as being security and continuity 
of supply of electrical power with the necessary technical characteristics — achieved adequate levels with 
a global positive performance. 
993
1 055
1 103
1 132
1 126
1 096
1 058
1 039
1 016
960
1 135
1 088
1 040
1 005
966
965
954
972
1 041
1 083
294
281
268
256
243
230
218
206
193
181
2 422
2 425
2 411
2 392
2 335
2 292
2 230
2 217
2 251
2 224
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
RoR with premium
RoR base
Hydroland

--- Page 156 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 156 - 
66-41080316 
 
The following chart shows the AIT for the period from 2014 to 2023: 
 
 
Source: REN 
Power Quality 
RNT has a monitoring system to evaluate the power quality, under which the measurement of several 
voltage parameters, such as harmonic content, flicker, three-phase system imbalance, voltage and frequency 
deviations, covering all the delivery points, is performed and analysed under the Quality of Service 
Regulation. In 2023, the monitoring of voltage waveform quality continued at delivery and interconnection 
points. The measurements carried out continued to show results that, with a limited number of exceptions 
in individual and localised cases, match the figures recommended in the quality of service regulations. 
Significant Dependencies 
REN depends on the regulatory environment in which it acts, particularly on concession agreements and 
on the applicable legislative and regulatory framework. Investments in REN's electricity transmission 
network in 2023, amounted to EUR 243.3 million in electricity transmission infrastructure, as compared to 
EUR 154.3 million 2022. 
In 2023, the following significant investments were made: 
• 
Reinforcement of the transformation capacity at two units: Famalicão 400/60 (170 MVA) and 400/60 
(170 MVA) in Alcochete; 
 
• 
Modernisation/upgrading of two 400kV overhead lines between Palmela – Sines; 
• 
New overhead line between Riba D'ave and Fafe, to Caniçada; 
• 
Refurbishment of protection and control systems in Palmela, Estoi, Pereiros and Valdigem substations; 
and  
• 
New bays for connecting photovoltaic power plants in Fundão (220 kV), Castelo Branco (150 kV), 
Valdigem (220 kV), Sines, (400 kV), Carregado (220 kV).  
0,00
0,30
0,60
0,90
1,20
1,50
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Minutes
Evolution of Average Interruption Time (AIT)
Force majeure or exceptional events
Remaining interruptions
30,00
...
28,00

--- Page 157 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 157 - 
66-41080316 
 
Update and expansion of the RNT 
REN Rede Eléctrica aims to upgrade, modernise and expand the RNT in response to concession contract 
requirements, ensuring that the transmission grid conditions meet the continuous balance between 
production and demand, while accounting for its dynamics and safety of people and reliability of the assets. 
The following are the main drivers for its current expansion and modernisation plans for the RNT: 
• 
increasing transmission capacity in pace with evolution in electricity consumption: despite 
uncertainties in the international economic situation, REN expects medium and long-term growth in 
electricity consumption in Portugal, particularly due to new large-scale industrial projects connected 
at very-high voltage grid. The Government has recently approved specific investments to create 
capacity to connect these new industrial projects, especially in response to the high demand zone of 
Sines (as a consequence of the procedure resulting from Decree-Law no. 80/2023, of 6 September, and 
Order no. 184-A/2023, of 12 September). Nonetheless, demand varies significantly across the entire 
transmission grid. This required targeted reinforcement of the transmission grid, with specific projects 
to support the distribution grid and facilitating the connection of very-high voltage consumers, as 
outlined in the investment plan approved to cope with the high demand zone of Sines. As announced 
to the Portuguese Securities Market Commission, the Portuguese Government, following favorable 
opinion from the DGEG and ERSE, approved a specific investment plan amounting to EUR 
536,000,000 aimed at creating additional grid connection capacity of up to 5.9 GVA for consumer 
facilities in Sines. 
• 
facilitating connections to new power plants: the EU and national goals for renewable energy, reflected 
in the National Energy and Climate Plan, lead to the integration of a growing number of new generators 
using renewable sources, especially the endogenous ones, which have a rather dispersed geographical 
distribution, demanding new transmissions grid axis to be developed. Installed electricity production 
capacity from renewable sources in Portugal mainland is expected to increase from approximately 16.9 
GW in 2023 (of which approximately 8.2 GW of hydro, approximately 5.4 GW of wind and 
approximately 2.6 GW of solar PV), according to REN's internal estimates, to about 43 GW by 2030, 
of which up to 2.0 GW of wind offshore (as per a revised draft version of Plano Nacional Energia e 
Clima 2030). Installed solar capacity should significantly increase, given current power producer 
promoters' initiatives, namely through the Portuguese Government grid capacity auctions held in 2019, 
2020 and 2021, as well as the requests for connection via the modality of direct agreement with the 
relevant grid operator. This modality allows REN to enter into direct agreements with power plant 
promotors to develop the transmission grid for new grid capacity, with the associated costs being borne 
by those promotors. 
• 
preparation of the required infrastructure framework and systems that will be needed to respond to 
changes in the national and European power grid driven by new national laws, the EU energy policies 
and grid codes: one of the main goals will be the development of conditions to match supply-side 
variability inherent to some renewable energy sources, with demand-side flexibility, as well as for the 
new grid planning and operation rules and methodologies yet to be regulated, according to the new 
electricity energy sector legal regime entered into force on January 2022. 
• 
increasing interconnection capacity with the Spanish transmission grid, aiming for an integrated 
Iberian market with fewer constraints and ultimately, an integrated European market for electricity: 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus, REN Rede Eléctrica is programming to put into operation one 
further 400 kV interconnection with Spain, foreseen to 2025. According to REN's internal estimates, 
this new interconnection is expected to assure a commercial interconnection compliant to the 
agreement between Portugal and Spain. 
• 
refurbishment of obsolete end-of-life assets, and upratings namely full bulk transmission grid 
substations, a set of overhead power lines and substation VHV/HV apparatus, power transformers and 
protection, automation and control systems in order to assure adequate quality of supply indexes and 
to achieve operational efficiency. 
• 
improving the current social and environmental impact of the existing network, namely in the 
metropolitan areas of Lisbon and Porto, in order to achieve better integration of electrical 
infrastructure in consolidated urban areas, although its realisation still requires further decisions by 
the Portuguese Government and the relevant public authorities.

--- Page 158 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 158 - 
66-41080316 
 
On 2 February 2024, Decree-Law no. 18/2024, of 2 January, established a compensation mechanism for 
municipalities affected by large-scale strategic electricity grid projects that generate significant local 
negative externalities. This regime provides that, when a strategic electricity grid project causes significant 
negative externalities for municipalities which are not duly compensated in the relevant environmental 
approvals, the affected municipalities can present a reasoned request for compensation (up to an amount 
set out by the law), which, if accepted by REN Rede Eléctrica Nacional, S.A., and ERSE, can be paid to 
the municipalities and passed on to the grid tariffs. This may be a relevant instrument to mitigate the risk 
of local backlash of grid expansion projects. 
Global technical management of the SEN 
In addition to managing the construction and operation of the RNT, REN Rede Eléctrica Nacional S.A is 
also the system operator of the SEN. 
In Portugal, this role entails the technical validation of the market schedules on a daily basis in order to 
ensure the technical viability of the market results and the balance between supply and demand. The system 
operator has to verify and ensure that all the power flows remain within safe operational limits, manage the 
RNT and operate the balancing market to correct any supply-demand imbalances. In November 2023, 
ERSE approved a new regulation that transposes into national regulation the manual Frequency Restoration 
Reserve ("mFRR") balancing product. Subsequently, in March 2024, REN launched the go-live of the 
mFRR market in Portugal. 
As part of system management, REN Rede Eléctrica Nacional S.A. is also responsible for controlling the 
scheduling of imports and exports from and to Spain as defined by the market, and it manages, together 
with Spanish TSO Red Eléctrica ("RE"), the mechanisms to cope with interconnection congestions. 
GAS INDUSTRY 
Industry Overview 
The first supplies of natural gas to Portugal arrived in January 1997 from Algeria through Morocco via the 
Europe–Maghreb pipeline. As a result, Portugal was one of the latest EU Member States to receive natural 
gas with its gas market being one of the newest in the EU. This is reflected in the regulatory framework, 
which places no emphasis on pre-existing competition. 
The natural gas industry demand in Portugal was of 49.0 TWh of energy in 2023 and can be divided into 
two main market segments: 
• 
combined cycle power plants, under an ordinary regime, and 
• 
the conventional market segment, which comprises large industrial consumers connected directly to 
the high-pressure network and customers from the industrial, services and residential sectors connected 
through the regional distribution networks. 
The supply of natural gas to large combined cycle natural gas-fired electricity power plants was 
approximately 16.3 TWh (about 33 per cent. of the market) in 2023, according to REN's internal estimates. 
Natural gas demand for this segment varies from year to year depending on the availability of other 
generating sources, particularly hydroelectric power. 
In 2023, natural gas used in the conventional market segment comprised approximately 32.7 TWh, 
representing about 67 per cent. of the total demand. 
The chart below illustrates natural gas demand evolution in mainland Portugal from 2014 to 2023:

--- Page 159 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 159 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
 
Source: REN 
The development of electricity generation using natural gas combined cycle gas turbine power plants 
("CCGT") was of particular importance to the demand for natural gas. This technology consists of utilising 
natural gas combustion in a gas turbine cycle combined with a "Rankine" cycle, which uses the steam 
produced by heat of the exhaust gases of the gas turbine to generate additional electricity in the steam 
turbine. These two processes are complementary and enable high efficiency levels to be reached as energy 
is extracted from the fuel in two stages, expanding the potential of both cycles. Electricity generation using 
CCGT is therefore both efficient and has minimal environmental impact. It is the main technology used for 
large-scale electricity generation projects currently being implemented in developed countries due to its 
low initial costs, high efficiency and low carbon dioxide emissions as compared to other fuels. 
The role of CCGT power plants in the country's electricity supply mix has changed rapidly over recent 
years. Whilst, on the one hand, the utilisation of the CCGTs has increased with the reduction in the use of 
coal-fired power plants, it now tends to decrease due to the growth of renewables sources, however 
remaining a secure back-up for periods of unavailability of renewable sources due to drought or lack of 
wind. The CCGTs are also valued for their ability to quickly respond and provide the ancillary system needs 
of the power grid. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, they represent around 20 to 30 per cent. of 
Portugal's demand for gas, according to REN's internal estimates.  
The domestic use of natural gas (conventional market) has grown as the gas distribution companies connect 
more users to the distribution grids, particularly in newly developed urban areas, although this has started 
to stabilise in recent years. 
As is the case for many European countries, Portugal is not a producer of natural gas. Natural gas is 
purchased from other countries essentially pursuant to long-term supply contracts. Natural gas is fed into 
Portugal through three entry points in the National Gas Transmission Network ("NGTN") (Rede Nacional 
de Transporte de Gás ) ("RNTG"), two of which are pipeline interconnections with Spain (the Campo 
Maior and Valença do Minho entry points), and a third is a LNG terminal located at Sines, which receives 
shipments of LNG from methane tankers and regasifies the natural gas so that it is injected in the RNTG. 
Recently, interconnections with Spain have been also used to export gas unloaded at the LNG terminal. 
The national gas system ("SNG" Sistema Nacional de Gás) 
With regard to SNG activities, REN is an unbundled TSO, global system manager ("SO"), underground 
storage operator and LNG terminal operator and, therefore, an independent provider of third party access 
to the gas network, from a legal, functional and financial point of view. Assets operated by REN and its 
role as grid operator and system manager are essential for the implementation of a true gas market in the 
Iberian Peninsula, as stated by both the Spanish and Portuguese governments in the creation of the 
"MIBGÁS" (the Iberian Gas Market). 
41.5
33.7
32.7
22.3
28.1
16.3
0
20
40
60
80
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
TWh
Conventional Market
Electricity Market

--- Page 160 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 160 - 
66-41080316 
 
The SNG, as approved by Decree-Law no. 62/2020, of 28 August, as last amended ("Decree-Law no. 
62/2020") is divided into nine major activities: reception, storage, regasification of LNG; underground 
storage of gas; production of gases of renewable origin; production of low-carbon gases; transportation of 
gas; distribution of gas; supply of gas, including last resort supply; gas market operation and gas supplier 
switching logistic operator. As with electricity, each of these functions must be operated under the EU 
unbundling criteria where applicable, as transposed into Portuguese legislation. Decree-Law no. 62/2020 
promoted a deep revision of the SNG, allowing the incorporation into the natural gas transport and 
distribution grids not only of natural gas, but also of renewable gases (such as H2) or low-carbon gases. 
In much the same manner as the national electricity system, an integrated SNG has been established, in 
which the supply of gas and management of the organised markets are open to competition, subject to 
obtaining the required applicable licenses and authorisations. 
Activities relating to the reception, storage and regasification of LNG and the transportation and 
underground storage of gas are carried out under a 40-year period public service concessions granted by 
the Portuguese Republic and are subject to the public service regime pursuant to the Portuguese legal 
framework applicable to organisation and functioning of the national gas system, approved by Decree-Law 
no. 62/2020, 28 August, which replaced Decree-Law no. 30/2006, 15 February, and Decree-Law no. 
140/2006, of 26 July (as subsequently amended). REN's gas activities are identified below in greater detail. 
These concessions incorporate the Portuguese high pressure gas infrastructure and provide third party 
access at regulated tariffs applicable to all market agents, that so request including renewable and low-
carbon gas producers, wholesale and retail suppliers and consumers that acquire natural gas directly in the 
wholesale market. Tariffs must be applied objectively without discrimination to all system users, without 
prejudice to entering into any long-term supply contracts in compliance with competition law provisions. 
REN's regulated activities are remunerated through five tariffs related to the use of the infrastructure: 
• 
the tariff for the use of the reception, storage and regasification terminal, applied to its users by REN 
Atlântico as the LNG terminal operator, which should provide the allowed revenues for the activity of 
reception, storage and regasification of LNG; 
• 
the tariff for the use of underground storage is applied by REN Armazenagem (who is the sole owner 
of the Carriço underground storage facilities since May 2015) as operator of the underground storage 
facilities, which shall provide the allowed revenues for this activity; 
• 
the global system use tariff is applied by the gas transmission grid TSO (REN Gasodutos) to all gas 
supplied to distribution grid operators, licensed operators, privately-owned LNG client plants 
(autonomous gas units or "UAGs"), and clients directly connected to the transmission grid. This tariff 
provides the allowed revenues for the activity of global technical management of the national gas 
sector; 
• 
the tariff for the use of the transmission network is applied by the grid's TSO to all gas input into the 
network at all connecting points and international deliveries, as well as high pressure and LNG 
deliveries to the distribution networks, deliveries of client-owned UAGs, and backflow deliveries to 
the LNG reception, storage and regasification terminal and, ultimately, to international 
interconnections. This tariff provides the allowed revenue for the gas TSO transmission activity; and 
• 
the tariff for the use of the distribution network is applied by the grid's DSOs to all supply companies 
who will charge it to end users (clients). This tariff provides the allowed revenue for the gas DSO. 
DSOs will charge all the SNG's tariffs to supply companies keeping the distribution tariff and passing 
through all the other components to the TSO. 
The legal package for hydrogen and decarbonised gas markets was published through the Directive (EU) 
2024/1788 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 13 June 2024, and Regulation (EU) 2024/1789 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 13 June 2024. It consists of an update to the rules on the 
European Union natural gas market and also introduces a new legal framework applicable to hydrogen. 
Such directive introduces a set of measures aiming to:

--- Page 161 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 161 - 
66-41080316 
 
• 
reduce the carbon footprint of the gas market by evolving from fossil natural gas to renewable and low-
carbon gases, boosting their adoption in the European Union (EU) by 2030. By 2050, these renewable 
and low-carbon gases should cover 2/3 of all gaseous fuels in the energy mix; 
• 
enhance the security of gas supply and reduce the dependency on imported fossil fuels in the EU; and 
• 
promote hydrogen as a key energy vector for the decarbonisation of the economy. 
Regulations and Directives come into force 20 days after publication. The Regulation is directly applicable, 
but the Directive must be transposed into the national legal systems of the Member States within 24 months 
of coming into force. 
Production of Gas 
Production of gases from renewable origin and of low-carbon gases is subject to prior registration of the 
generator with DGEG, which is only granted to legal persons that demonstrate technical capacity to perform 
this activity. 
Producers of renewable origin gases or low-carbon gases are entitled to (i) total or partially inject the gases 
produced into the network; (ii) self-consumption; and (iii) exportation. These producers are entitled to sell 
all or part of the gas generated to the Last Resort Supplier, by means of bilateral contracts or in organised 
markets. 
On 10 February 2023, the European Commission approved the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2023/1184, which established a European methodology setting out detailed rules for the production of 
renewable liquid and gaseous transport fuels of non-biological origin ("Delegated Act").  
This Delegated Act defined the conditions under which hydrogen, hydrogen-based fuels, or other energy 
carriers can be considered as renewable fuels of non-biological origin, including additionality, temporal 
correlation and geographic correlation rules. Following the revision of the RED II Directive and approval 
of the RED III Directive, this Delegated Act became applicable to the production of renewable origin gases 
in all activity sectors, including the industrial sector. 
Following the enactment of the Delegated Act, DGEG published on 29 December 2023 the Dispatch 
no.13288-B/2023, of 29 December, approving a clarification on the procedure to be followed in the 
licensing of the activity of production of hydrogen from renewable sources.  
Reception, storage and regasification of LNG 
In the Sines terminal, LNG is offloaded from LNG tankers and sent to storage tanks at a low temperature, 
where it remains until a nomination or programmed gas flow is requested by the respective gas owner to 
the terminal operator. LNG undergoes regasification prior to being injected in the high-pressure RNTG. 
The Sines terminal also has the appropriate facilities to fill up cryogenic LNG tanker trucks which supply 
satellite autonomous regasification units. 
Underground gas storage 
Natural gas can be stored for future use. Underground storage in Portugal involves natural gas compression 
and injection into underground salt gas caverns, where the compressed gas is stored until it is reintroduced 
into the RNTG upon user request. These types of caverns have a high deliverability to stored volume ratio 
and allow for a quick response to market requirements. This provides increased flexibility and storage 
capacity for users to manage their trade business. 
On 17 July 2024, ERSE issued a decision regarding the certification of REN Armazenagem S.A. ("REN 
Armazenagem") as Storage System Operator. 
Gas Transportation 
Natural gas is transported through various high-pressure gas pipelines forming the RNTG, which is 
connected to the high-pressure Spanish network located upstream and supplies gas through regulation and 
metering stations to high-pressure customers and delivers it to medium-pressure networks operated by

--- Page 162 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 162 - 
66-41080316 
 
distribution companies. Then these networks supply gas to end users connected to lower pressure levels in 
the distribution network, including those in the services and residential sectors. 
REN Gasodutos, as the operator of the RNTG, is certified, by decision of ERSE of 31 July 2015, as 
complying with the requirement of full ownership unbundling. 
Gas Distribution 
The distribution of natural gas, gases of renewable origin and low-carbon gases through medium and low-
pressure pipelines is carried out through concessions or licences granted by the Portuguese Republic by 
public tender. The entities operating the natural gas distribution grid at the date of enactment of Decree-
Law no. 30/2006, of 15 February, recently replaced by Decree-Law no. 62/2020, of 28 August, have 
maintained their right to operate the natural gas distribution grid as concessionaires or licensed entities 
under an exclusive public service regime with territorial delimitation. In order to further develop the 
renewable gas markets this Decree-Law has transformed the natural gas networks into a wider concept: a 
gas network for natural gas and other compatible gases, such as hydrogen and biomethane. Third party 
access to the gas distribution network must be ensured by the relevant concessionaires based on published 
tariffs applicable to all eligible customers, that request access, as well as to supply companies, and applied 
objectively without discrimination among system users. From now on companies are allowed to accept 
other gases from suppliers. 
Certain local distributors also carry out regasification in cryogenic facilities with limited capacity, the 
UAGs. In this context, LNG is transported by truck and delivered in those UAGs to supply customers who 
are not connected to the national gas transmission network. 
Following the acquisition of REN Portgás, the gas segment of REN also includes the distribution of gas in 
the northern coastal region of Portugal. 
Supply of natural gas 
The gas supply activity is open to competition and is subject to a prior registration regime. 
The liberalisation of the natural gas supply began in 2007 (with respect to power plants) and was extended 
to consumers of over one million cubic metres of natural gas per year in 2008, and to consumers of over 
ten thousand cubic metres of natural gas per year in 2009. Since 1 January 2010, every consumer is free to 
choose his own natural gas supplier in an open market environment. 
As is the case with electricity, the regulated tariffs published by ERSE regarding the gas sector are set 
annually by the ERSE directives. 
Gas suppliers are subject to certain public service obligations and are required to ensure the quality and 
continuous supply of natural gas. In addition, the role of the "Last Resort Supplier" has been created and 
will be in place until the liberalised market is fully efficient. This new role has been assumed by a wholly- 
owned subsidiary of GALP for wholesale and large clients and by all other present concessionaires or 
licensed natural gas distributors within their area of coverage for retail customers, subject to licensing 
requirements. 
Under market conditions, consumers are free to choose their natural gas supplier and are exempt from any 
payment when switching suppliers. In order to manage the operation of switching suppliers, an independent 
logistics operator was created in 2017 by Law no. 42/2016 and Decree-Law no. 38/2017. This new entity, 
the ADENE ("Agência para a Energia"), is independent from other entities in the SNG, in a legal and 
functional basis, and is subject to ERSE's regulation. Before this new legal regime was established, ERSE 
had determined that the process for switching operators was to be managed and carried out by the 
concessionaire of the transport business (REN Gasodutos). The transition between the old system and the 
new has been concluded. The recent Decree-Law no. 15/2022 sets forth that the activity of logistics operator 
of switching of suppliers will be subject to a licensing procedure for 10-year rights. Said license will be 
awarded in a competitive tender. 
At the end of 2023, the total number of registered customers amounted to 1.6 million, with more than 72 
per cent. of the national total on a free market basis. In terms of consumption, in December 2023, the 
corresponding value in the free market amounted to 95.2 per cent. of the total demand in Portugal.

--- Page 163 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 163 - 
66-41080316 
 
Operation of the gas markets 
The gas markets in Portugal are operated on an open market basis, subject to authorisations to be jointly 
granted by the Minister of Finance and by the Minister responsible for the Energy sector. 
The entity managing the organised market is also subject to authorisation granted by the Minister 
responsible for the energy sector and, whenever required by law, the Minister of Finance. 
In 2015, following several initiatives which were ratified in jointly succeeding summits of the Portuguese 
and Spanish governments, a stable framework was put in place to allow the participants in gas systems from 
both Portugal and Spain to carry on their activities across the Iberian Peninsula. The Spanish Government, 
by approving Ley 8/2015, of 21 May, of the Spanish Government ("Ley 8/2015"), constituted and appointed 
the operator of the organised market – the company MIBGAS. 
MIBGAS is authorised to work as the management entity of the organised natural gas market in Portugal 
by means of Order No. 643/2015, of 21 August, from the Office of State Secretary of the Energy sector 
("Portaria No. 643/2015") and ERSE's Directives nos. 18/2016, of 28 September, and 20/2016, of 9 
December. This order stipulates that the constitution, organisation, functioning and regulation of the 
organised gas market is subject to specific regulation to be approved by the member of the Government 
responsible of the Energy sector, by Direção Geral de Energia e Geologia or by Entidade Reguladora dos 
Serviços Energéticos according to the respective powers. 
The global participation of the share capital of MIBGAS, S.A. held by Portuguese and Spanish gas system 
operators is 20 per cent. of the total share capital. The Spanish and Portuguese system operators hold, 2/3 
and 1/3 of that 20 per cent. stake, respectively. 
REN's Gas Business 
REN is the concessionaire of the RNTG for 40 years (until 2046), when, according to the concession 
agreement, REN will have the right to receive the net book value of the assets covered by the concession. 
REN acquired the assets associated with its natural gas activities and the Sines LNG terminal operator 
company in 2006 with the restructuring of the natural gas business. 
In 2006, the natural gas business was restructured: reception, storage and regasification of LNG, 
underground storage of natural gas and natural gas transport are now carried out by three entities fully 
owned by REN under three different concessions: 
• 
as mentioned above, REN Gasodutos is the concessionaire for transportation of natural gas, gases of 
renewable origin and low-carbon gases through its high pressure grid. This concession also includes 
the technical global management of the SNG and the coordination of the natural gas distribution and 
gas transmission infrastructure (including natural gas, gases of renewable origin and low-carbon 
gases), in order to ensure the continuity and security requirements of supply, the integrated and efficient 
operation and development of the SNG; 
• 
REN Atlântico is the concessionaire for the reception, storage and regasification of LNG at Sines LNG 
terminal; and 
• 
REN Armazenagem is the concessionaire for the underground storage of gas in Carriço, in the 
municipality of Pombal. 
In May 2015 the partial transfer of a natural gas underground storage concession from GALP in Carriço, 
Pombal, to REN Armazenagem was completed. The partial transmission integrates two existing cavities, 
the rights to build two new cavities and other rights and obligations associated with these assets. 
As a result of this operation, the relationship between the users and the infrastructure operator for gas 
storage is now simplified to the extent that the management and publication of existing and operating 
storage capacity is unified into a single entity, also providing the benefit of a direct business relationship, 
thus meeting a goal that sector's authorities have always sought to implement. 
In 2017 REN acquired REN Portgás, which has a concession for gas distribution in the northern coastal 
region of Portugal (including Porto).The agreements for these four concessions between the Portuguese 
State and the respective concessionaires were entered into on 26 September 2006 (in the case of the

--- Page 164 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 164 - 
66-41080316 
 
transmission of gas; reception storage and regasification of LNG and underground storage of gas) and on 1 
January 2008 (in the case of the REN Portgás' gas concession), all of them for a period of 40 years. 
Gas Transportation 
The RNTG concession includes the transportation of high pressure natural gas, gases of renewable origin 
and low-carbon gases through the network, including: 
• 
the reception, transportation and delivery of gas through the network; 
• 
the construction, operation and maintenance of the RNTG infrastructure, its connections to networks 
and the premises necessary for such operation; 
• 
the planning, development, expansion and technical management of the RNTG; 
• 
the operation and maintenance of the connections between the RNTG and the international gas 
pipelines, underground storage infrastructure and LNG terminals; 
• 
the infrastructure planning of the national LNG reception, storage and regasification facilities; 
• 
global technical management of the SNG; and 
• 
the monitoring of gas safety strategic security reserves. 
The RNTG consists of high-pressure pipelines totaling 1,375 kilometres, which is divided into eight route 
sections, with pipes ranging from a nominal size of 150 mm to 800 mm in diameter, of which more than 
half are 700 mm in diameter. In 2023, the RNTG transported 55.8 TWh of natural gas, including the total 
gas injection into the underground storage system. The RNTG includes 203 pipeline stations, which consist 
of 45 block valve stations, 66 junction stations for branched derivation, 5 T-branch connection stations, 85 
gas regulating and metering stations, and 2 custody transfer stations. The RNTG's main dispatching centre 
is located in Bucelas (Loures) and it also has a redundant emergency dispatching centre in Pombal, which 
functions as a standby for the first centre and is located in a different seismic zone to the main dispatching 
centre. Operation and maintenance field activities are carried out by technical staff of REN Gasodutos 
distributed by the territory and supported by operational centres located at Ermesinde (Valongo), Pombal, 
Bucelas (Loures) and Portalegre. As the construction of the RNTG only started in 1994, it is one of the 
newest grids in Europe and accordingly incorporates the latest technology, including cathodic corrosion 
protection, double-block-and-bleed ball valves, a supervisory control and data acquisition system, a 
transmission system simulator with a built-in leak detection system, and a redundant telecommunications 
system. 
At the time of the first injection of natural gas in January 1997, the RNTG had a total length of 649 
kilometres. As of 31 December 2023, its total length was of 1,375 kilometres. 
In 2023, REN's high-pressure gas transportation activity provided a very good service level, with all 
performance indicators within the limits set out in the Quality of Service Regulations published by ERSE. 
Regarding the level of supply interruptions, there were no interruptions during 2023. 
The indicator on cumulative frequency of incidents with gas leakage affecting the transmission network 
(calculated per 1,000 km of exposed infrastructure, per year, and for a moving period covering the past 5 
years) was 0.00 in 2023, taking into account the length and the total operating time of the various pipeline 
sections commissioned since 1997, compared with the equivalent indicator of the European Gas Pipeline 
Incident Data Group ("EGIG") of 0.126 in the 2020 report (such indicator is calculated for all transmission 
operators adhering to the EGIG initiative, including REN Gasodutos). 
Reception, storage and regasification of LNG 
REN operates the reception, storage and regasification concession for LNG, which is subject to the public 
service regime. This concession involves the reception, storage, regasification and delivery of LNG to the 
RNTG. REN Atlântico, under the terms of the concession, also performs the activities of loading and 
dispatching tanker trucks, marine tankers and also the construction, operation, maintenance and expansion 
of its own infrastructure.

--- Page 165 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 165 - 
66-41080316 
 
The Sines LNG terminal entered the first phase of its commercial operation in January 2004. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the LNG terminal consists a jetty suitable for docking methane carriers with 
capacities ranging from 40,000 cubic metres up to 216,000 cubic metres of LNG, with an average unloading 
time of 19 hours for a 140,000 cubic metres LNG shipment and the three storage tanks, two of which with 
a capacity of 120,000 cubic metres each, and the third tank with a capacity of 150,000 cubic metres. The 
LNG terminal has a guaranteed nominal send out capacity of natural gas into the RNTG of 1,125,000 
normal cubic metres per hour, equivalent to 7.6 billion cubic metres per year (considering a load factor of 
0.77), with a peak technical send out capacity of 1,350,000 normal cubic metres per hour, and is able to 
load tanker trucks at 175m3/h rate. 
Underground storage of natural gas 
REN operates an underground storage site, comprising (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) of six caverns 
in operation, with a maximum technical working volume of 3.97 TWh of natural gas, as a result of the 
conclusion in 2015 of the acquisition of two caverns that were previously the property of Transgás 
Armazenagem. Since May 2015 REN is the sole owner of the Carriço underground storage facilities. 
Subject to the Portuguese Republic's authorisation, REN has the right to build and acquire additional natural 
gas caverns for the expansion of the system. REN Armazenagem holds these rights. REN Armazenagem's 
underground storage concession includes: 
• 
the injection of gas from the RNTG, the underground storage of natural gas in the gas caverns and the 
withdrawal, treatment and delivery of natural gas to the RNTG; and 
• 
the construction, operation, maintenance and expansion of the facilities and infrastructure related to 
the natural gas storage. 
The gas caverns are constructed by leaching salt out of existing salt formations at a depth of more than 
1,000 metres. Fresh or salt water is pumped through a well lined with concentric steel piping for in-depth 
saturation which dissolves the salt in a controlled manner over time, gradually creating a cavern as the salt 
is dissolved (the resulting brine is removed via the same well). Typically, eight cubic metres of fresh water 
are required for each cubic metre of dissolved salt. The cavern undergoes a leakage test after the leaching 
phase and an inner pipe string is lowered into the cavern to remove as much brine as possible. Finally, a 
subsurface safety valve is installed at a depth of approximately 50 metres in order to prevent unintentional 
gas release out of the cavern.  
Distribution of gas 
REN Portgás operates a natural gas, gases of renewable origin and low-carbon gases distribution network 
with 6,485Km and 402,209 connection points at the end of 2023, under a public concession regime granted 
by the Portuguese State ending 1 January 2048. The framework under which REN Portgás works is fully 
regulated, consisting of a return on regulated assets. These assets are built under an approval of a five-year 
investment plan. 
Currently, REN Portgás' distribution activity covers 29 municipalities within its concession area in the 
districts of Porto, Braga and Viana do Castelo. 
At the end of 2023, the density of consumers connected to REN Portgás low pressure distribution network 
stood at 74 consumption points per km of network. 
REN owns a number of enterprises and technical, commercial and financial systems that allow full control 
over the activity from client commercial prospects to network construction and third-party access billing to 
supply companies. In 2023, REN Portgás distributed over 5,716 GWh of energy. 
Control systems 
REN's gas infrastructure was recently constructed using the latest technology. It is monitored by modern 
systems employing fibre-optic based telecommunication technology connecting the remote stations in the 
pipeline to the dispatch centres of the infrastructure, as well as the LNG terminal in Sines and the 
underground storage facilities in Carriço (Pombal). 
REN Gasodutos and REN Portgás rely on the Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition ("SCADA") 
system and onsite maintenance teams to keep the pipelines, the remote stations and connection points

--- Page 166 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 166 - 
66-41080316 
 
secure. The SCADA system, which has available redundancy, allows for early problem diagnosis and quick 
response to any malfunctions. The onsite maintenance teams regularly inspect the corridor along which the 
pipeline stretches and the existing stations that ensure its compliance with safety requirements, minimising 
the risk of interference with, or damage to, the infrastructure. Data is electronically collected, reducing the 
margin for human error, and recorded both on the remote terminal units in the stations and centrally, on the 
SCADA database, allowing analyses to be conducted at a later stage on equipment performance to detect 
malfunction trends and to anticipate problems. REN Atlântico and REN Armazenagem have both 
developed automated monitoring and control systems specific to their facilities (namely distributed control 
systems). For example, the truck loading bay at the LNG terminal of REN Atlântico is fully automated. 
Technical global management of SNG 
The technical global management of the SNG involves the systematic coordination of the functioning and 
usage of the different infrastructure of the National Transmission Network, Storage, Infrastructure and 
Terminals (Rede Nacional de Transporte, Infrastruturas de Armazenamento e Terminais) ("RNTIAT") to 
ensure free and non-discriminatory access to the infrastructure, as well as the monitoring capacity, planning 
capacities and the management of the SNG in order to avoid the occurrence of gas flow restrictions and to 
ensure the reliable performance of the infrastructure. 
As technical manager of the system of the SNG, REN Gasodutos is responsible for overseeing the third 
party access process to the gas infrastructure in its different cycles, including managing the nominating 
process and gas metering for each user, with the view to promoting an efficient and cost-effective use of 
the network. 
From a technical perspective, REN Gasodutos must ensure that the pipelines have enough capacity to meet 
user demand by managing the varying pressures and flows in order to maintain the responsiveness and 
availability of the network and managing the balance between inflows and outflows of gas on the RNTG. 
In addition, REN is also responsible for monitoring the compliance of participants operating in the SNG 
with legal and operational obligations in relation to the security of supply. 
The recent instability in the energy sector, particularly due to the armed conflict in Ukraine, has impacted 
natural gas consumption in Portugal. As technical manager of the system of the SNG, REN Gasodutos has 
been assuming growing responsibilities in terms of energy policy, resulting in revenue fluctuations within 
the gas sector. Specifically, Decree-Law no. 84-D/2022, of 9 December 2022, established a transitory 
regime aimed at stabilising the prices of natural gas for consumption in 2023 (applicable to gas 
consumptions greater than 10,000 m3), following the approval of the exceptional and temporary regime 
allowing final clients connected to low pressure with annual consumption less than or equal to 10,000 m3 
to return to the regulated tariff regime, approved by Decree-Law no. 57-B/2022, of 6 September 2022. 
Investments in gas infrastructure 
In 2023, REN invested a total value of EUR 28.2 million in natural gas infrastructure (excluding distribution 
infrastructure), which represents an increase of EUR 13.7 million compared to 2022. In 2024 (until 30 
June), REN invested a total of EUR 8.1 million in natural gas infrastructure (excluding distribution 
infrastructure). 
In the distribution business, REN Portgás invested more than EUR 24.6 million euros in 2023 in networks, 
connection points and information systems, all included in the current PDIRG. The regulated asset base 
reached EUR 496 million, with a growth of 1.7% year-on-year. 
In 2023, REN continued the implementation of the PDIRG. This plan, which includes projects under 
development and expansion, as well as infrastructure remodelling and modernisation projects, represented 
in 2023 an investment of EUR 52.8 million in natural gas (transmission and distribution). 
The most significant investments in 2023 were as follows: 
• 
REN Gasodutos: adaptation and/or replacement of various end-of-life equipment and systems, such as 
safety valve actuators, the completion of the refurbishment of the CTS 7000 in Campo Maior.  
• 
The video surveillance systems associated with four gas stations (Arruda dos Vinhos, Bucelas, Cartaxo 
and Valongo) were also reformulated and the measurement systems at the GRMS stations of Alenquer,

--- Page 167 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 167 - 
66-41080316 
 
Carregado, Valongo, Sabacheira and Frielas were replaced. By 30 June 2024, the reconditioning of 
several GRMS roofs was completed with the installation of a solar self-consumption system. 
• 
REN Armazenagem: small investments were made in several technical assets. By 30 June 2024 the 
installation of a solar self-consumption system was completed. 
• 
REN Atlântico: at the LNG Terminal, the fire network was remodelled and a solar self-consumption 
was installed, with a view to reducing electricity consumption. By 30 June 2024 the installation of the 
new LNG Unloading Arms was completed.   
• 
With regard to the IT infrastructure supporting system management and in response to the need to 
comply with changes in national and European regulations, as well as in relation to the IT efficiency 
and increment of security of the respective processes, REN Gasodutos made several investments, 
including the following: 
• 
implementation of the processes inherent to market operation, system management and billing, 
resulting from the application of the new virtual UAG (Autonomous Gas Unit) concept, as well as 
the automation of interface processes inherent to the operation of this new process; 
• 
conclusion of the cybersecurity improvements in the IT systems, processes and architecture of the 
SCADA System to improve the security of the business IT processes and respective data; 
• 
project startup willing to replace the so-called Third-Party Access Platform, the application 
supporting the interface with the Gas System Users (Market Agents, Distribution System 
Operators and the public), with the traders of energy and capacities (MIBGAS, PRISMA, OMIP) 
and with ENAGAS, to control the interconnection with Spain, as well as the settlement processes; 
and 
• 
continued development of the application dedicated to the System Operational Planning and Gas 
Quality Tracking in use by the National Dispatch Center, having as its main goal the incorporation 
of renewable and low carbon gases.  
Incorporation of renewable and low-carbon gases into the natural gas network requires investments to be 
made in REN's network and infrastructure to allow H2 and other gases to be blended with natural gas. 
Decree-Law no. 30-A/2022, of 18 April, as last amended by Decree-Law no. 11/2023, of 10 February 2023 
established minimum incorporation quotas for certain gas suppliers of 1 per cent. of biomethane or H2. On 
the other hand, for security reasons, Orders no. 806-B/2022 and no. 806-C/2022 were published on 19 
January 2022, approving the new regulations of the national gas distribution and transmission network and 
defined maximum incorporation quotas. For the gas transport network, the maximum incorporation quota 
of hydrogen is set at 5 per cent. until 2025, and between 10 per cent. and 15 per cent. in volume, until 2030. 
Tariffs 
The regulatory gas year for tariff purposes starts on 1 October of each year and ends on 30 September of 
the following year. The tariffs are reviewed annually. The regulatory system allows for the use of gas 
infrastructure by market agents holding a valid infrastructure access contract. Different tariff arrangements 
may apply, but they are all defined and published by the regulator. The settlement of physical or contractual 
congestion is accomplished through auctions. Tariffs are set ex-ante and deviations are corrected ex-post, 
as general rule up to two years after the year in question. 
In general, the allowed revenues for a given fiscal year are calculated by adding the forecasted allowed 
operational costs to the remuneration of the RAB, net of accumulated regulatory depreciations and 
subsidies, at a previously approved rate of return, plus the depreciations of the regulated asset for the year, 
net of subsidies. The relevant RAB for the year is the average of the RAB values at the beginning and end 
of that year. 
The following graph shows the evolution of REN's natural gas average RAB in the period 2013 to 2023:

--- Page 168 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 168 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
 Source: REN 
Any deviation between projected return and actual return is transferred to the calculations of the allowed 
revenues for the consecutive year. 
In 2024, a new four-year regulation period will start with a review of the regulatory parameters.  
For 2024 the provisional WACC is 5.30% (for high pressure infrastructures) and 5.70% (for medium and 
low pressure) and it is indexed to the 10-year Portuguese bond yields (OT) considering a starting point of 
3.177% and a linear variation similar to electricity with a 0.3 slope. A variation of 1% on the OT's yield 
implies a 0.3pp change in WACC. The minimum RoR is set at 3.1% and 3.5% for high pressure and for 
medium and low pressure, respectively, while the maximum RoR is set at 7.4% and 7.8%, for high pressure 
and for medium and low pressure, respectively.  
The following chart represents the indexation methodology of the RoR for REN's gas regulated activities 
for the next regulatory period (2024-2027). 
 
Efficiency factor between 1% and 2%. 
New indexation methodology for the recovery of electricity costs at the LNG terminal:  
1 107
1 155
1 116
1 536
1 497
1 462
1 417
1 384
1 359
1 327
 0
 200
 400
 600
 800
1 000
1 200
1 400
1 600
1 800
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021E
2022 E
2023 E
M €
REN - Portgás Distribuição
REN Gasodutos
REN Atlântico
REN Armazenagem
0,0
1,0
2,0
3,0
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
-5
-3
-2
0
2
3
5
6
8
9
11
12
RoR (%)
OT (%)
High pressure
Distribution
RoR=
RoR=
3,10
7,40
3,18
5,70
3,50
5,30
RoR=
RoR= 7,80

--- Page 169 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 169 - 
66-41080316 
 
• 
Energy cost indexed to the spot price, plus a 3% commercial margin and a 1% efficiency factor as 
of 2025. Loss\gains are limited to 10% of the real costs.  
• 
Access tariffs are now considered as pass through 
New incentive for distribution activity - Incentive to Optimisation of Demand Forecasts  
• 
It is applicable for energy deviations above ±10% up to a maximum of ±20%.  
• 
Neutral action band energy deviation between 0 and ±10%. 
• 
Bonus/penalty of +/-0.5% on RoR.  
The final rate may not be higher or lower than 7.8% and 3.5%, respectively. The rate applies to all regulated 
assets in each year.  
OTHER BUSINESSES 
Guarantees of Origin 
Decree-Law no. 141/2010, of 31 December 2010 laid down the method for calculation of the quotas of 
energy generated through renewable power sources and addressed the Guarantees of Origin ("GOs") 
mechanism for the first time. This legislation served as the main legal basis of the instrument, having been 
amended over time (in 2013, 2015, 2018 and 2020), until its recent revocation and replacement by Decree-
Law no. 84/2022, of 9 December 2022, as amended by Decree-Law no. 23/2023, of 5 April 2023.  
More than a decade has passed since the first law was enacted in Portugal providing for a mechanism of 
issuing and management of GOs, which provide evidence to customers of the origin of green electricity or 
combined generation of heat and power. The launch of such a market in Portugal was a long-awaited step, 
a move which had already been taken by most of its European peers. In the beginning of 2020, the "green 
light" was given through the Order no. 53/2020, of 28 February 2020, which sets out the fees to be charged 
by the Issuing Body for Guarantees of Origin (Entidade Emissora de Garantias de Origem, "EEGO") REN 
– Rede Eléctrica Nacional, S.A. assumes this role in mainland Portugal and operates under the regulatory 
oversight of ERSE (Entidade Reguladora dos Serviços Energéticos) and supervision of ENSE (Entidade 
Nacional para o Setor Energético). The range of services provided by EEGO include registration in the 
platform, issuance, transfer and cancellation of the GOs, as well as supervision and auditing to ensure 
compliance and transparency. 
In 2021, the GOs auction mechanism of the National Electricity System was introduced in accordance with 
the prevailing legislation. This mechanism obliges producers benefiting from specific support schemes to 
deliver the GOs associated with renewable energy generation to the DGEG (Direção Geral de Energia e 
Geologia). These GOs are subject to transaction through a competitive auction mechanism, with the rules 
for such auctions detailed in Dispatch no. 6560-B/2021, dated of 5 July 2021. The first auction took place 
in July 2021, with 23 auctions (5 in 2021, 8 in 2022, 6 in 2023 and 4 in 2024) having been held so far, 
which resulted in a contribution of EUR 195 million to the National Electricity System, with a significant 
portion of EUR 105.3 million contributed in 2023 alone. 
The legal framework of GOs was extended to the renewable gases in 2020, through Decree-Law no. 
60/2020, of 17 August. In compliance with the current legislation, in 2022 the EEGO submitted a proposal 
to amend its Procedures Manual, which, after a public consultation held in early 2023, was published by 
ERSE at the end of April 2023 and came into force on 1 September 2023. This represents a significant 
milestone for the certification of the origin of renewable gases in Portugal. The implementation of these 
changes, particularly the expansion to renewable gases, required a significant investment to modify the 
systems in place. The certification of the origin of renewable gases was phased in gradually, and the start 
of the first phase happened in the first half of 2024. The subsequent phases will be implemented gradually 
in the following years, with imports and exports anticipated for the second half of 2024. 
The recent Decree-Law no. 15/2022 sets forth that the EEGO function will be subject to a licensing 
procedure for 10-year rights. Said license will be awarded in a competitive tender, which may determine 
REN ceasing its current role as EEGO.

--- Page 170 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 170 - 
66-41080316 
 
Telecommunications 
REN established RENTELECOM in 2002 as a wholly-owned subsidiary to manage the commercial 
exploitation of the surplus capacity available on the telecommunications safety network. RENTELECOM 
focuses on providing telecommunications carrier services within the public telecommunications grid as a 
licensed operator. In 2006, that capacity was increased with the integration of the fiber optic network of the 
national gas transportation grid. 
RENTELECOM revenues, which are external to the Group, have grown from EUR 1.9 million in 2004 to 
EUR 7.9 million in 2023. 
Management of the PPAs 
In connection with the phasing out of the PPAs, the Portuguese Republic has stipulated that PPAs not 
terminated when the single buyer was abolished would be managed by REN Trading, incorporated by REN 
in July 2007, until the expiration of their respective terms. Both PPAs have expired, the latest (the Tapada 
do Outeiro PPA) having expired in March 2024. An agreement was entered into between REN Eléctrica 
and Turbogás, approved by the grantor and, regarding tariffs impact, by ERSE, governing the operation of 
the Tapada do Outeiro plant after the PPA term and until 31 December 2024, which is potentially 
extendable. This agreement ensures the Tapada do Outeiro plant provides black start services and keeps its 
availability to generate and dispatch electricity when required for the security of the electricity system. 
REN Trading was not a party to the agreement. 
REN Trading was incorporated to manage the two remaining PPAs, one entered into with Tejo Energia, in 
relation to the 600 MW coal fired power plant in Pego terminated in November 2021, and the other with 
Turbogás, in relation to the 990 MW natural gas combined cycle power plant in Tapada do Outeiro with a 
termination date in March 2024. The termination of the last PPA determined the cessation of REN Trading's 
operational activity. 
As the PPA is an agreement which determines the remuneration of the generator, the benefits or losses of 
implementing the agreement's terms are transferred to the system. REN Trading worked, therefore, as an 
intermediary, aiming to minimise costs and to maximise the revenues from selling energy on the market. 
In the regulated part of this business, the benefits obtained through this activity are stipulated by ERSE in 
its Directive No. 2/2021, of 19 January. 
In 2022 and 2023, the regulated revenues, which correspond to an incentive framework based on the 
performance targets defined by ERSE, are limited to a maximum of EUR 1.5 million per year. 
From 2022 onwards, the model applied to REN Trading consisted of the recovery of the costs with 
Turbogás' PPA, the operating costs and the remuneration of the assets. In 2023, the allowed revenues with 
opex and remuneration was EUR 1.0 million. Currently, a merger process of REN Trading into REN 
Eléctrica is ongoing and is expected to complete by the end of November 2024. 
ENONDAS 
ENONDAS was created in 2010 and a concession was granted to REN by the Portuguese Republic in the 
same year. ENONDAS is a public service company, holding a 45-year pilot area concession to support the 
development of energy production from the ocean waves, manage the marine area between Figueira da Foz 
and Nazaré, and promote the necessary infrastructure for the development of marine energy. 
Consultancy and Commercial Services 
REN also provides technical engineering consulting services to third parties, both domestic and 
international, leveraging on the Group's technical expertise and track record in the electricity and natural 
gas sectors. 
In 2023, REN's consultancy and commercial services, provided through REN's subsidiary REN Pro, 
reached EUR 0.1 million.

--- Page 171 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 171 - 
66-41080316 
 
International operations 
Electrogas (Chile) 
On 7 February 2017, REN entered the gas transportation market in Chile with the acquisition of a 42.5 per 
cent. stake in the share capital of Electrogas S.A.. The remaining shareholders of Electrogas are Colbun 
S.A. (42.5 per cent.) and Empresa Nacional del Petróleo (ENAP), which is totally held by the Chilean State 
(15 per cent.). The relationship between the parties is governed through a shareholders' agreement. REN 
financed the acquisition with commercial paper fully backed by available long-term credit lines. Electrogas' 
natural gas transportation system links Santiago de Chile with the LNG Terminal of Quintero and electricity 
power plants and refineries in the region of Quillota. 
Transemel (Chile) 
On 1 October 2019, REN acquired 100 per cent. of Empresa de Transmisión Eléctrica Transemel S.A. 
("Transemel"), for U.S.$167 million. The acquisition was financed solely with debt. 
Founded in 1999, Transemel operates 14 lines (92 Km) and 5 substations (985 MVAs). Approximately 90 
per cent. of its revenues are regulated, under perpetual concessions with no demand / price risk. The 
remaining revenues derive from bilateral dedicated transmission contracts. 
Both transactions are in line with REN's strategic plan, which is based on a conservative growth strategy, 
favouring projects in the sectors in which the company has a vast experience, and in markets with economic 
stability and predictable regulatory frameworks.  
Electricity Derivatives Trading Platform 
In 2003, REN established OMIP, the Portuguese market operator for the exchange of Iberian electricity 
derivatives, following the approval of the Despacho No. 12596/2003 of the Ministry of Economy. As 
referenced above, the Portuguese and the Spanish governments have joined OMIP and OMIE, the Spanish 
branch of MIBEL, and have established limitations on the share capital of OMIP. REN currently holds a 
45 per cent. stake in OMIP and intends to reduce its holding to an equivalent 10 per cent. stake, in line with 
what has been established by the Portuguese and Spanish governments. 
OMIClear, a company now owned by OMIP and OMIE, 50 per cent. each, is the clearing agent and central 
counterpart for operations in the forwards electricity market. 
EMPLOYEES 
As of 31 December 2023, the number of employees were 748, an increase of 4.03 per cent, in comparison 
to 719 in 2022. 
The average employee age of the Group remains stable at 45 years old (more precisely, 45.5). 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 
June 2024 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Employees (%) 
 
 
 
 
Electricity ………………………………………………… 
37.7 
31.0 
31.1 
30.7 
30.1 
30.1 
30.0 
28.2 
28.4 
Natural Gas - Transmission ………………………………. 
21.2 
18.5 
18.7 
19.2 
19.7 
19.8 
18.9 
17.6 
17.0 
Natural Gas – Distribution ………………………………... 
n.a 
12.7 
10.4 
9.9 
9.9 
9.9 
8.8 
8.7 
8.7 
Others …………………………………………………….. 
41.1 
37.8 
39.8 
40.2 
40.3 
40.2 
42.3 
45.5 
45.9 
Total (%) ……………………………………………………… 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
In 2023, 28.2 per cent. of REN's employees were employed in REN's electricity business, 17.6 per cent. 
were employed in REN's natural gas transmission business, 8.7 per cent. in natural gas distribution (REN 
Portgás), and 45.5 per cent. were employed for other activities. 60.4 per cent. of those employees are 
employed in the greater Lisbon region, 31.2 per cent. in the northern and central regions, 6.6 per cent. in 
the southern region. The following table sets forth the percentage of RENs employees employed in each 
geographical area as of the dates indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 
June 2024 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Employees (%) 
 
 
 
 
Greater Lisbon ……………………………………………. 
69.7 
60.2 
61.2 
61.7. 
61.1 
60.4 
61.2 
60.4 
60.5

--- Page 172 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 172 - 
66-41080316 
 
North and Centre ………………………………………….. 
21.9 
32.4 
31.4 
31.0 
30.9 
31.2 
30.6 
31.2 
30.7 
South ……………………………………………………… 
8.2 
7.3 
7.3 
7.2 
7.3 
7.1 
6.8 
6.6 
6.5 
International ………………………………………………. 
0.2 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.7 
1.3 
1.4 
1.8 
2.3 
Total (%) ……………………………………………………… 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
Considering all the businesses, it was expected at the end of 2023 that approximately 13 per cent. of the 
employees of REN would retire during the next five years and that this number would increase to 24 per 
cent. during the next 10 years. 
In relation to the nature of employment contracts, 99.3 per cent. of REN's employees had a permanent 
employment contract in December 2023. 69.3 per cent. of the employees have a high level of education. 
98.1 per cent. of REN's employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement ("CBA"). The CBA, 
entered into by all the unions that represent REN's employees, has been effective since 1 February 2015 
and covers all the businesses in Portugal, with the exception of REN Portgás. This business is covered by 
the CBA of the former owner that remains in force. 
Management believes that REN maintains good relationships with the workers committee, which meets 
regularly with the Executive Committee. Meetings are also held with unions, either through REN's initiative 
or upon the request of the unions.  
Considering all the businesses, the unions represent 33.0 per cent. of REN's employees as at 31 December 
2023. 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
REN regularly reviews the environmental impact of its business and seeks to minimise the environmental 
consequences of its activities by promoting the rational use of natural resources, preventing pollution and 
supporting the development of renewable energy sources. In fulfilling its mission of providing a public 
service in the Portuguese energy sector, the Board of Directors of REN considers that the creation of value 
for shareholders and society cannot be dissociated from real environmental protection. 
REN's environmental actions include a continuous monitoring of compliance with current environmental 
laws, the identification and minimisation of environmental impact and setting environmental improvement 
goals. REN's work to protect the environment is integrated with other areas of social corporate 
responsibility such as the occupational health and safety components of quality and safety management, 
and the prevention of serious accidents. As a corollary of work in these areas, the scope of the quality, 
environment and safety certification of the REN management systems (which included REN – Rede 
Eléctrica Nacional and REN Serviços) was extended to REN Gasodutos and REN Atlântico in May 2009 
and to REN Armazenagem and RENTELECOM in December 2009 and to ENONDAS and REN – State 
Grid, S.A. Energy Investigation Centre (Centro de Investigação em Energia REN – State Grid, S.A., "R&D 
Nester") in December 2014 and to REN PRO in 2020. 
REN participates in multiple energy associations at the national and international level that focus on issues 
relevant to the energy sector, including several international groups specifically focused on climate change. 
REN is also subject to legal compliance at both national and European levels in matters related to climate 
change, specifically in regard to use of fluorinated greenhouse gases in its high-voltage switchgears and 
refrigeration gases used in the refrigeration and fire extinguishing systems at several of its facilities. In 
response, REN introduced stricter technical specifications on new equipment and services ordered and set 
an internal maintenance policy for its high-voltage equipment to reduce sulphur hexafluoride leakage. REN 
was also subject to the EU-ETS as a result of its participation in REN Trading. REN Trading was 
responsible for the purchase of EUAs (European Union Allowances) equivalent to the annual emissions of 
both power plants until the termination of the PPAs. 
In 2015, in conjunction with the Foundation for Science and Technology ("FCT") and the University of 
Porto, REN created a Chair in Biodiversity to be lectured at the University of Porto. The partnership 
between REN, FCT and the Biodiversity and Genetic Resource Research Centre at the University of Porto 
reflects the commitment of these three organisations to this area. 
This partnership, initially established for three years, was based on three pillars: monitoring, minimising 
and offsetting impact; population ecology; and citizen science. The first pillar was to conduct research into 
the assessment, monitoring, minimising and offsetting of impacts by power transmission networks on 
biodiversity, particularly with regard to power lines. The second was dedicated to the analysis of

--- Page 173 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 173 - 
66-41080316 
 
demographic responses of species subject to unnatural death and help define the circumstances in which 
significant effort should be made to minimise or offset, and where to direct such efforts. Finally, the third 
pillar focused on projects for Citizen Science, an internationally growing trend but with reduced visibility 
in Portugal with the double aim of raising awareness among citizens of the importance of science through 
their involvement in specific initiatives while also allowing relatively simple but useful data to be collected. 
The partnership between REN and CIBIO (Centro de Investigaçao em Biodiversidade e recursos genéticos) 
has since been extended for a further two-year period with a redefinition of the previous pillars to allow the 
consolidation of the basic scientific information and ecological research, with the introduction of a new 
pillar to establish the transferral of knowledge back to REN and other TSOs, as well as identify key thematic 
areas for technological development. 
In essence, over the five-year period, the partnership has and will enable the systematisation and 
dissemination of work already carried out combined with the development of new scientific and 
technological research with the following main goals: 
• 
identifying impacts on biodiversity; 
• 
assessing risks and implementing minimising measures; 
• 
promoting activities with positive impacts; and 
• 
integrating biodiversity into REN's activities and supporting nature conservation. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ("R&D") 
In a sector such as the Energy sector where the Group operates, company activities require specific 
alignment with current needs, trends and concerns in their respective fields (gas and electricity) and R&D 
and Innovation are seen as strategic aspects. Against such a background, the research centre, R&D Nester 
takes on special relevance. This initiative demonstrates that REN and its respective shareholders are aware 
of the need to innovate to overcome current challenges in the sector, investing in the creation of knowledge 
and in specific areas of applied research aligned with national and international energy policies, more 
specifically in relation to the promotion of clean energy, which is now a European Commission investment 
priority. 
REN and R&D NESTER continue to be active in establishing protocols and partnerships with numerous 
entities in the national scientific system, sector associations, industry and other stakeholders, more 
specifically with: ISEL (Instituto Superior de Engenharia de Lisboa), INESC-TEC (Instituto de Engenharia 
de Sistemas e Computadores, Tecnologia e Ciência), LABLEC (Estudos, Desenvolvimentos e Actividades 
Laboratoriais, S.A), LNEG (Laboratório Nacional de Energia e Geologia), University of Coimbra and IST 
(Instituto Superior Tecnico) for the development of projects, as well as representation at entities such as 
COTEC (Associação Empresarial para a Inovação), UN CTNC (United Nations – Climate and Technology 
Center and Network) and the BLUE INVEST COMMUNITY, APREN (Associação Portuguesa de 
Energias Renováveis), CCILC (Câmara de Comércio e Indústria Luso-Chinesa), and IEEE (Institute of 
Electrical and Electronics Engineers). More recently, REN became a member of the Oil and Gas Methane 
Partnership (OGMP 2.0) which is part of the United Nations Environmental Programme, the European 
Hydrogen Backbone (EHB), the Renewables Grid Initiative (RGI), Hydrogen Europe and the European 
Clean Hydrogen Alliance. 
The Group also actively participates in international working groups, including: CIGRÉ (Conseil 
International des Grands Réseaux Électriques1), CTCN (Climate Technology Centre and Network), EERA 
(European Energy Research Alliance), ENTSO-E (European Network Transport System Operators – 
Electricity, Research, Development and Innovation RDI Committee), IEC (International Electrotechnical 
Commission) and BRIDGE (European Commission initiative, which unites Horizon 2020 Smart Grid, 
Energy Storage, Islands, and Digitalisation Projects) CIRED (International Conference on Electricity 
Distribution – Flexibility Working Group) and SMARTGRIDS European Technology Platform for 
Electricity Networks of the Future, ETIP-SNET (European Technology & Innovation Platforms - Smart 
 
1  
REN and R&D Nester participation includes: committees C5 – "Electricity Markets and Regulation" and B5 – "Protection and 
Automation", as well as the working group B5.73 – "Experiences and Trends related to Protection Automation and Control 
Systems Functional Integration";

--- Page 174 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 174 - 
66-41080316 
 
Networks for Energy Transition, created by European Commission, and the SNET role is to guide Research, 
Development & Innovation (RD&I) to support ETIP; R&D Nester is Co-Chair of Working Group - Reliable, 
economic and efficient energy system with contributions to the recent publication released 'ETIP SNET 
R&I Implementation Plan (IP) 2025+'). 
During 2023, the Investment in R&D of the Group was around EUR 2.86 million, increasing the trend of 
recent years. For the same period, the R&D Centre (R&D NESTER) invested EUR 0.83 million. 
REN is strongly committed to energy transition. It is an active agent in this process, developing electricity 
and gas infrastructures guaranteeing a progressive decarbonisation of both sectors and supporting the 
growth of the integration of renewable energy sources ("RES") in both systems while maintaining high 
standards of security and quality of supply. Attesting to this determination is the fact that REN, in 2024, 
presented in its 2024–2027 Strategic Plan the reduction of Scope 1+2 carbon emissions by 60% by 2030 
(compared to 2019), Scope 3 by 30% by 2030 (compared to 2019), and carbon neutrality in 2040, ten years 
earlier than defined by the European Union. 
A special highlight goes to speeding up the deployment of renewable gases in Europe, namely hydrogen, 
to decarbonise natural gas consumptions, especially in sectors that are difficult to decarbonise (e.g. industry 
and heavy transportation). The EU target for hydrogen production is 10 Mt of renewable H₂ domestic 
production and 10 Mt of renewable H₂ imports by 2030. 
In alignment with European legal framework and policymakers, Portugal has established a legal framework 
applicable to hydrogen. Decree-Law no. 62/2020, the National Strategy for Hydrogen (EN-H2), and the 
associated regulation incorporate renewable gases and promote the gradual integration of the SEN with the 
SNG. In line with this, in the field of renewable gases, the Portuguese Government published the 
Biomethane Action Plane in 2024 targeting 2.7 TWh in 2030 and 5.9 TWh by 2040.  
The objective arising from the energy transition has positioned hydrogen, other renewable gases, and the 
existing gas system infrastructure as central components in the decarbonisation process. In this regard, and 
in accordance with the Portuguese legal and regulatory framework, REN certified the Transmission, 
Underground Storage and Distribution networks in 2024 for operating with blends of hydrogen and natural 
gas (up to 10 per cent. in Transmission and Underground Storage and up to 20 per cent. in Distribution). 
Furthermore, REN is developing the H2 Green Valley Agenda in Sines, which includes a 100 per cent. 
hydrogen pipeline and compressor and is aimed at creating the first H2 industrial hub in Portugal.  
REN is member of several EU initiatives related with H2, namely Hydrogen Europe, an association that 
represents the hydrogen and fuel cell industries in Europe and comprises over 150 companies, including 
the main TSOs (Transmission System Operators), over 100 R&DI organisations, and national associations. 
REN is also a member of European Hydrogen Backbone (EHB) initiative, which identified five potential 
H2 corridors connecting European H2 production to consumption, a critical contribution for developing an 
effective and competitive EU H2 market. The H2med corridor, which aims to connect Portugal, Spain, 
France and Germany is one of these corridors and aims to export green H2 from the Iberian Peninsula to 
Germany, being REN projects (interconnection with Spain and the internal infrastructure 
development/repurposing) selected for the Project of Common Interest of European Union and eligible for 
CEF funds (for which submissions are being prepared). 
In the field of biomethane, REN is also evaluating technical alternatives to connect different producers to 
the grid. 
These activities reflect the REN's positioning of strong commitment to and development of the 
decarbonisation of gas networks and strengthens the internal expertise and the relationship with 
stakeholders. 
As per Ordinance No. 15/2023, of 4 January, in 2024 the first auction establishing a centralised purchasing 
system for biomethane and green hydrogen was also launched. This system involves the injection of these 
renewable gases into the Transmission and Distribution Gas Network. This auction process is expected to 
be completed by the end of 2024, with the first renewable connections anticipated to be finalised within the 
next three years.

--- Page 175 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 175 - 
66-41080316 
 
REN and R&D Nester maintain a vast portfolio of Research, Development and Innovation projects of 
different types, sizes and objectives, which cover sector requirements and are in line with the European 
strategic priorities of decarbonising the economy and energy transition. 
Projects underway cover several areas of research such as: Grid planning, flexibility, storage, renewable 
production forecast, cooperation between TSO/DSO grid operators, digitisation, markets, integration of 
electricity with other sectors such as gas, hydrogen and mobility and data analytics. 
A significant number of these projects are under R&D funding programmes, of which R&D Nester and 
REN are beneficiaries; in particular, the European programmes Horizon 2020, Horizon Europe and the 
national programmes Portugal 2020 and Recovery and Resilience Plan (RRP). 
Recognition of project results by the technical-scientific community is evident in more than 10 publications 
(articles/papers) in scientific journals and conferences recognised in the sector (e.g. IEEE and CIGRÉ). A 
special note for the work done by R&D Nester in one of the projects in which it participates - the Flexunity 
project was recognised with the award for AI excellence for smart grids by the International Smart Grid 
Action Network (ISGAN) "Award of Excellence 2023". This award recognises excellence in innovation, 
integration and the transformation of smart grid systems and policies.  
R&D Nester continued to invest in a laboratorial facility equipped with real-time power simulation and 
testing capabilities. Since 2017, that R&D Nester's laboratory has been mentioned on the list of the 
European Commission's JRC publication – 'Smart Grid Laboratories Inventory'. 
PATENTS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
REN owns certain software which is protected by registered copyright. This software was developed, 
internally or as works-for-hire. REN also owns several registered trademarks and logotypes. Certain 
publications, marketing materials, images and other audio-visual contents used in the course of REN's 
business are also protected by copyright owned by REN. 
At the moment, R&D Nester owns three patents: one Portuguese patent registered in Portugal and two 
international patents registered in some European countries, China and the USA.  
REN holds a patent registered in both the USA and Europe, with an application currently pending in Canada. 
Additionally, there is another ongoing patent application process for Europe, the USA, and Canada. REN 
also holds the registration of five trademarks in Europe. 
R&D Nester and REN Portgás own registered trademarks and logotypes. Certain publications, marketing 
materials, images and other audio-visual contents used in the course of its business activity are also 
protected by copyright owned by these companies. In the case of REN Portgás, a brand asset strategy is in 
course in order to grant a regulatory image differentiation and to increase commercial penetration in the 
concession area.  
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
The main material contracts to which REN is a party are described below: 
Electricity transmission and global management of the system 
The concession for the use of the National Electricity Transmission Network ("RNT") was initially granted 
to REN Rede Eléctrica, pursuant to Decree-law no. 182/95 of 27 July (Article 64), for the purpose of 
managing the public electricity supply system, using the RNT, as well as developing the necessary 
infrastructure. 
This initial concession agreement was amended and replaced by the amended concession agreement entered 
into between REN Rede Eléctrica and the Portuguese State on 15 June 2007 (as amended on 21 February 
2012, and 23 April 2018) for a period of 50 years from the date of its execution, under the terms of Decree-
law no. 172/2006, of 23 August, as subsequently amended. 
The scope of this concession agreement consists of the following activities: (i) establishment and operation 
of the RNT, ensuring the transmission of electricity, and (ii) the global system management.

--- Page 176 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 176 - 
66-41080316 
 
REN Rede Eléctrica may carry out other activities, directly or through subsidiary companies, when so 
authorised by the Portuguese Republic, if in the best interest of the concession or its clients. 
The concession of the electricity transmission activity is carried out in accordance to a public service 
concession regime and exclusively through the operation of the RNT. 
Except when required to finance the activity under concession and, even in that case, subject to certain 
conditions, the encumbrance or transfer of the shares representing the share capital of the concessionaire 
requires the prior authorisation from the Government member overseeing the energy sector, which lacking, 
any such encumbrance or transfer will be deemed as null and void. 
REN Rede Eléctrica must maintain the good operating performance, maintenance and security of the assets 
and related means during the concession period, carrying out all repairs, renovations and adaptations 
necessary to maintain the assets in the required technical conditions. Pursuant to the concession agreement 
and to the relevant legal framework, the concessionaire must maintain financing adequate to the 
development of the concession activities, whilst simultaneously maintaining, at the end of each year, a 
financial autonomy ratio above 20 per cent. 
REN Rede Eléctrica has the right to operate the concession's assets until termination of the concession. The 
assets may only be used for the purposes of the concession. 
Termination of the concession involves transfer to the Portuguese State of the concession assets and the 
related rights and obligations. The concession can be terminated by agreement between the parties, early 
termination, redemption or expiry of its term. 
The concession agreement may be terminated early by the Portuguese State whenever any of the following 
events occur and have a significant impact on the concession activities, including but not limited to: 
deviation from the scope of the concession or suspension of the concession activity; repeated opposition to 
the grantor's supervision and breach of the grantor's resolutions, or violation of applicable laws and 
regulations; refusal to make necessary repairs or perform maintenance on the concession assets, or to make 
necessary expansions to the network; applicability of tariffs higher than those set by the sector's regulatory 
authority; and non-authorised transfer of the concession or subconcession. In this case, the termination shall 
entail the gratuitous transfer of all the concession assets and the related rights and obligations to the grantor, 
without the concessionaire benefiting from any right to compensation. The concessionaire will further lose 
the security it rendered to guarantee contractual compliance, all without prejudice to the Portuguese State 
being indemnified for losses suffered, as per general law. 
REN Rede Eléctrica may also terminate the concession early on the grounds of a serious breach of the 
grantor's obligations, if such breach jeopardises the carrying out of the concession activity. Such a 
termination by the concessionaire entails the transfer of all the concession assets and related rights and 
obligations to the grantor, but the concessionaire retains the right to receive compensation for losses it 
incurs, including for the amount of its investments and loss of profits. 
The grantor may redeem the concession on justifiable grounds of public interest, at any time after ten years 
from the date of the beginning of the concession term. The concessionaire has the right to receive an 
indemnity in case of such redemption, which shall take into account the book value of the reverting assets 
as at the relevant redemption date, as well as loss of profits. On the concession termination date, by expiry 
of its term, the concession assets and the related rights and obligations shall revert to the Portuguese State 
in accordance with the contractual terms, which include compensation to REN Rede Eléctrica 
corresponding to the net book value of the assets covered by the concession. 
Transportation of gas and global system management 
The concession for the use of the RNTG was granted to REN Gasodutos by the Portuguese State via a 
concession agreement dated 26 September 2006 (as amended on 21 February 2012), for a period of 40 years 
from its execution date, under the Portuguese legal framework applicable to organisation and functioning 
of the national gas system, approved by Decree-Law no. 62/2020, 28 August, which replaced Decree-Law 
no. 30/2006, 15 February, and Decree-Law no. 140/2006, of 26 July. 
This concession contract governs the management of the SNG, the operation of the high pressure RNTG 
and the development of its necessary related infrastructure, all under the public service regime.

--- Page 177 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 177 - 
66-41080316 
 
The scope of the concession agreement of REN Gasodutos comprises the following activities: (i) global 
management of the SNG; and (ii) operation of the RNTG, by ensuring the reception, transportation and 
supply of natural gas, gases of renewable origin and low-carbon gases in high pressure, among others. 
Except when required to finance the activity under concession, and even in that case, it being subject to 
certain conditions, the encumbrance or transfer of the shares representing the share capital of the 
concessionaire requires the prior authorisation of the Government member overseeing the energy sector, in 
default of which any such encumbrance or transfer will be deemed as null and void. 
REN Gasodutos has the right to operate the concession's assets until its termination. The assets may only 
be used for the purposes of the concession. 
Pursuant to the concession agreement and to the relevant legal framework, the concessionaire must maintain 
adequate financing for the concession activities, whilst simultaneously maintaining, at the end of each year, 
a financial autonomy ratio above 20 per cent. 
Termination of the concession involves transfer to the Portuguese State of the concession assets and the 
related rights and obligations. The concession can be terminated by agreement between the parties, early 
termination, redemption or expiry of the term. 
The concession agreement may be terminated early by the Portuguese State whenever any of the following 
events occur and have a significant impact on the concession activities, including, but not limited to: 
deviation from the scope of the concession or suspension of the concession activity; repeated opposition to 
the grantor's supervision and breach of the grantor's resolutions, or violation of applicable laws and 
regulations; refusal to make necessary repairs or perform maintenance on the concession assets, or to make 
necessary expansions to the grid; refusal or inability of REN Gasodutos to resume the concession after 
sequestration of the same or maintenance of the events which originally gave rise to it; applicability of 
tariffs higher than those set by the sector's regulatory authority; non-authorised transfer or encumbrance of 
the concession; and refusal to timely restore the security provided by way of guarantee of the 
concessionaire's obligations. In this case, the termination shall entail the gratuitous transfer of all the 
concession assets and the related rights and obligations to the grantor, without the concessionaire benefiting 
from any right to compensation. The concessionaire will further lose the security it had rendered to 
guarantee contractual compliance, all without prejudice to the Portuguese State being indemnified for losses 
suffered, as per general law. 
REN Gasodutos may also terminate the concession early on the grounds of a serious breach of the grantor's 
obligations, if such breach jeopardises the carrying out of the concession activity. Such a termination by 
the concessionaire entails the transfer of all the concession assets and related rights and obligations to the 
grantor, but the concessionaire retains the right to receive compensation for losses it incurs, including for 
the amount of its investments and loss of profits. 
The Portuguese State may redeem the concession on justifiable grounds of public interest, at any time after 
15 years from the date of the beginning of the concession term. The concessionaire has the right to receive 
an indemnity in case of such redemption, which shall take into account the book value of the reverting 
assets as at the relevant redemption date, as well as loss of profits. 
Thus, on the concession termination date, by expiry of its term, REN Gasodutos' concession assets and the 
related rights and obligations revert to the Portuguese Republic in accordance with the contractual terms, 
which include compensation to REN Gasodutos corresponding to the net book value of the assets covered 
by the concession. 
If, upon termination of the concession, it is not renewed or the new entity responsible for the concession 
has not yet been chosen, the concession agreement can be extended for a maximum period of one year, 
under the public services regime or any other legal form of public agreement. 
Reception, storage and regasification of gas 
The concession of the reception, storage and regasification of LNG (in a LNG terminal) was granted to 
REN Atlântico by the Portuguese State via a concession agreement dated 26 September 2006 (as amended 
on 21 February 2012), for a period of 40 years from its execution date, under the Portuguese legal 
framework applicable to organisation and functioning of the national gas system, approved by Decree-Law 
no. 62/2020, 28 August, which replaced Decree-Law no. 30/2006, 15 February, and Decree-Law no.

--- Page 178 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 178 - 
66-41080316 
 
140/2006, of 26 July. The main scope of this agreement covers the performance of the following activities 
under the public service regime: (i) reception, storage, treatment and regasification of LNG; (ii) injection 
of high pressure natural gas into the RNTG or its loading and dispatch by trucks specific for such purpose 
or by methane tankers; (iii) the construction, operation, exploration, maintenance and expansion of the LNG 
terminal infrastructure (buildings, tanks, gas pipelines, etc.) 
Except when required to finance the activity under concession and, even in that case, it being subject to 
certain conditions, the encumbrance or transfer of the shares representing the share capital of the 
concessionaire requires the prior authorisation of the Government member overseeing the energy sector, in 
default of which any such encumbrance or transfer will be deemed as null and void. 
The concession agreement is modelled to reflect investment, operating and maintenance costs related to the 
assets covered by the concession in the tariffs applicable to the concessionaire. Pursuant to the concession 
agreement and to the relevant legal framework, the concessionaire must maintain adequate financing for 
the development of the concession activities and, at the end of each year, a financial autonomy ratio of over 
20 per cent. 
REN Atlântico must maintain the good operating performance, maintenance and security of the assets and 
related means during the concession period, carrying out all repairs, renovations and adaptations necessary 
to maintain the assets in the required technical conditions. 
REN Atlântico has the right to operate the concession's assets until termination of the concession. The 
assets may only be used for the purposes of the concession. 
Termination of the concession involves transfer to the Portuguese State of the assets and the related rights 
and obligations. The concession can be terminated by agreement between the parties, early termination, 
redemption or expiry of the term. 
The concession contract may be terminated early by the Portuguese State if any of the following events of 
serious breach of REN Atlântico's contractual obligations – if not remedied or impossible to remedy – 
occur, including but not limited to: deviation from the scope of the concession or unjustified suspension or 
interruption of the concession activity; repeated opposition to the grantor's supervision and breach of the 
grantor's resolutions, or violation of applicable laws and regulations; refusal to make necessary repairs or 
perform maintenance on the concession assets; refusal or inability of REN Atlântico to resume the 
concession after sequestration of the same or maintenance of the events which originally gave rise to it; 
applicability of tariffs higher than those set by the sector's regulatory authority; non-authorised transfer or 
encumbrance of the concession; and refusal to timely restore the security provided by way of guarantee of 
the concessionaire's obligations. In this case, the termination shall entail the gratuitous transfer of all of the 
concession assets and the related rights and obligations to the grantor, without the concessionaire benefiting 
from any right to compensation. The concessionaire will further lose the security it had rendered to 
guarantee contractual compliance, all without prejudice to the Portuguese State being indemnified for losses 
suffered, as per general law. 
REN Atlântico may also terminate the concession early on the grounds of a serious breach of the grantor's 
obligations, if such breach jeopardises the carrying out of the concession activity. Such a termination by 
the concessionaire entails the transfer of all the concession assets and related rights and obligations to the 
grantor, but the concessionaire retains the right to receive compensation for losses it incurs, including for 
the amount of its investments and loss of profits. 
The Portuguese State may redeem the concession on justifiable grounds of public interest, at any time after 
15 years from the date of the beginning of the concession term. The concessionaire has the right to receive 
an indemnity in case of such redemption, which shall take into account the book value of the reverting 
assets as at the relevant redemption date, as well as loss of profits. 
On the concession termination date, by expiry of its term, the concession assets and the related rights and 
obligations revert to the Portuguese Republic in accordance with the contractual terms, which include 
compensation to REN Atlântico corresponding to the net book value of the assets covered by the 
concession.

--- Page 179 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 179 - 
66-41080316 
 
If, upon termination of the concession, this latter is not renewed or the new entity responsible for the 
concession has not yet been chosen, the concession agreement can be extended for a maximum period of 
one year, under the public service regime or any other legal form of public agreement. 
Furthermore, on 30 October 2000, a concession contract for private use was executed between REN 
Atlântico and the Administração do Porto de Sines, S.A., which grants the former the private use of a plot 
of land in the public domain of the Portuguese State (and of the Administração do Porto de Sines, S.A.) for 
construction of the LNG Sines terminal. The duration of this private use concession is linked to the duration 
of the gas public service concession. Upon expiry of the concession, the works executed on the land and 
the fixed installations of the terminal shall revert to the Portuguese State. 
Gas Underground storage  
The concession of the underground storage was granted to REN Armazenagem by the Portuguese State by 
means of a concession agreement dated 26 September 2006 (as amended on 21 February 2012), for a period 
of 40 years from its execution date, under the Portuguese legal framework applicable to organisation and 
functioning of the national gas system, approved by Decree-Law no. 62/2020, 28 August, which replaced 
Decree-Law no. 30/2006, 15 February, and Decree-Law no. 140/2006, of 26 July. The main scope of this 
agreement covers the performance of the following activities under the public service regime: (i) reception, 
injection, underground storage, extraction, treatment and delivery of natural gas, so as to create or maintain 
natural gas security reserves or for delivery to the RNTG; and (ii) construction, operation, use, maintenance 
and expansion of the underground storage tanks. 
Except when required to finance the activity under concession and, even in that case, subject to certain 
conditions, the encumbrance or transfer of the shares representing the share capital of the concessionaire 
requires the prior authorisation of the Portuguese government member responsible for the energy sector 
(i.e., the Minister of Environment and Energy of the Portuguese government), in default of which any such 
encumbrance or transfer will be deemed as null and void. 
The concession agreement is modelled to reflect investment, operating and maintenance costs related to the 
assets covered by the concession in the tariffs applicable to the concessionaire. Pursuant to the concession 
agreement and to the relevant legal framework, the concessionaire must maintain adequate financing for 
the purpose of development of the concession activities, as well as a financial autonomy ratio of 20 per 
cent. at the end of each year. 
REN Armazenagem must maintain the good operating performance, maintenance and security of the assets 
and related networks during the concession period, carrying out all repairs, renovations and adaptations 
necessary to maintain the assets in the required technical condition. 
REN Armazenagem has the right to operate the concession's assets until termination of the concession. The 
assets may only be used for the purposes of the concession. 
Termination of the concession involves transfer to the Portuguese State of the assets and the related rights 
and obligations. The concession can be terminated by agreement between the parties, early termination, 
redemption or expiry of the term. 
The concession agreement may be terminated early by the Portuguese State in case any of the following 
events of serious breach – not remedied or impossible to remedy – of REN Armazenagem's contractual 
obligations, namely, but without limitation, is verified: deviation from the scope of the concession or 
suspension of the concessioned activity; reiterated opposition to the supervision and breach of the 
resolutions of the grantor or violation of laws or applicable regulations; refusal to entail repairs and 
maintenance to the concession infrastructure or to execute the respective necessary amplifications; refusal 
or impossibility for REN Armazenagem to resume the concession after sequestration of the same or 
maintenance of the events which originally gave rise to it; applicability of tariffs higher than the ones 
determined by the sector's regulatory authority; non-authorised transfer or encumbrance of the concession; 
and refusal of the concessionaire to timely reinforce the security provided by way of guarantee of 
compliance with its obligations. In this case, the termination shall implicate the gratuitous transfer of all 
the concession assets and the related rights and obligations to the grantor, without the concessionaire having 
the right to receive any indemnity. The concessionaire further loses the security rendered by way of 
guarantee of compliance with the agreement, all without prejudice to the Portuguese State being 
indemnified for losses suffered, as per general law.

--- Page 180 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 180 - 
66-41080316 
 
REN Armazenagem may also terminate the concession early on the grounds of a serious breach of the 
grantor's obligations, if such breach jeopardises the continued operation of the concession activity. Such a 
termination by the concessionaire entails the transfer of all the concession assets and related rights and 
obligations to the grantor, but the concessionaire retains the right to receive compensation for losses it 
incurs, including the amount of its investments and loss of profits. 
The grantor may redeem the concession on justifiable grounds of public interest, at any time after 15 years 
from the date of the beginning of the concession term. The concessionaire has the right to receive an 
indemnity in case of such redemption, which shall take into account the book value of the reverting assets 
as at the relevant redemption date, as well as possible loss of profits. 
On the concession termination date, by expiry of its term, the concession assets and the related rights and 
obligations revert to the Portuguese State in accordance with the terms of the agreement, which includes 
compensation to REN Armazenagem corresponding to the net book value of the assets covered by the 
concession. 
If, upon termination of the concession, it is not renewed or the new entity responsible for the concession 
has not yet been chosen, the concession agreement can be extended for a maximum period of one year, 
under the public service regime or any other legal form of public agreement. 
Distribution of Gas 
REN Portgás entered into a concession agreement for distribution of gas. The agreement was executed in 
2008 for a period of 40 years (until 1 January 2048). The scope of the concession agreement includes all 
the obligations assumed by REN Portgás in relation to the distribution of gas within the concession area 
and covering 29 municipalities in the northern coastal region of Portugal, in the districts of Porto, Braga 
and Viana do Castelo.  
The concession was firstly granted in 1993, through a public tender, and was novated through a new 
concession contract signed in 2008, as mentioned, following the liberalisation of the natural gas sector and 
the unbundling of distribution and supply activities. The distribution of gas through medium and low-
pressure pipelines is carried out through concessions or licences granted by the Portuguese Republic by 
public tender. 
The main scope of this agreement covers the performance of the following activities under the public 
service regime: construction, operation, use, maintenance and expansion of the distribution network. 
The concession agreement is modelled to reflect investment, operating and maintenance costs related to the 
assets covered by the concession in the tariffs applicable to the concessionaire. Pursuant to the concession 
agreement and to the relevant legal framework, the concessionaire must maintain adequate financing for 
the purpose of development of the concession activities, as well as a financial autonomy ratio of 20 per 
cent. at the end of each year. 
The concession agreement set out the criteria for the remuneration of the concessionaire for the first five 
regulatory periods and for the periods following this latter. Once the five regulatory periods lapse, the 
remuneration rates for the remaining periods of the concession may be reviewed by ERSE. In order to 
review such rates, ERSE shall consider the remuneration of other reference assets (namely the assets 
allocated to the activities of electricity distribution or high-pressure transport of gas) determining the 
applicable remuneration. 
REN Portgás must maintain the good operating performance, maintenance and security of the assets and 
related networks during the concession period, carrying out all repairs, renovations and adaptations 
necessary to maintain the assets in the required technical condition. 
REN Portgás has the right to operate the concession's assets until termination of the concession (1 January 
2048). The assets may only be used for the purposes of the concession. 
Third party access to the gas distribution network must be ensured by REN Portgás based on published 
tariffs applicable to all eligible customers, that request access, as well as to supply companies, and applied 
objectively without discrimination among system users.

--- Page 181 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 181 - 
66-41080316 
 
Termination of the concession involves transfer to the Portuguese State of the concession assets and the 
related rights and obligations. The concession can be terminated by agreement between the parties, early 
termination, redemption or expiry of the term. 
The concession agreement may be terminated early by the Portuguese State whenever any of the following 
events occur and have a significant impact on the concession activities, including, but not limited to: 
deviation from the scope of the concession or suspension of the concession activity; repeated opposition to 
the grantor's supervision and breach of the grantor's resolutions, or violation of applicable laws and 
regulations; refusal to make necessary repairs or perform maintenance on the concession assets, or to make 
necessary expansions to the grid; refusal or inability of REN Portgás to resume the concession after 
sequestration of the same or maintenance of the events which originally gave rise to it; applicability of 
tariffs higher than those set by the sector's regulatory authority; non-authorised transfer or encumbrance of 
the concession; and refusal to timely restore the security provided by way of guarantee of the 
concessionaire's obligations. In this case, the termination shall entail the gratuitous transfer of all the 
concession assets and the related rights and obligations to the grantor, without the concessionaire benefiting 
from any right to compensation. The concessionaire will further lose the security it had rendered to 
guarantee contractual compliance, all without prejudice to the Portuguese State being indemnified for losses 
suffered, as per general law. 
REN Portgás may also terminate the concession early on the grounds of a serious breach of the grantor's 
obligations, if such breach jeopardises the carrying out of the concession activity. Such termination by the 
concessionaire entails the transfer of all the concession assets and related rights and obligations to the 
grantor. Nevertheless, the concessionaire retains the right to receive compensation for losses it incurs, 
including for the amount of its investments and loss of profits. 
The Portuguese State may redeem the concession on justifiable grounds of public interest, at any time after 
15 years from the date of the beginning of the concession term. The concessionaire has the right to receive 
an indemnity in case of such redemption, which shall take into account the book value of the reverting 
assets as at the relevant redemption date, as well as loss of profits. 
On the concession termination date, by expiry of its term, REN Portgás' concession assets and the related 
rights and obligations revert to the Portuguese Republic in accordance with the contractual terms, which 
include compensation to REN Portgás corresponding to the net book value of the assets covered by the 
concession. 
If, upon termination of the concession, it is not renewed or the new entity responsible for the concession 
has not yet been chosen, the concession agreement can be extended for a maximum period of one year, 
under the public services regime or any other legal form of public agreement. 
Operation of a pilot zone for the generation of electric energy from sea waves 
In 2010, the Portuguese government granted Enondas, REN's wholly owned subsidiary, under the terms of 
Article 5(3) of Decree-law no. 5/2008, of 8 January, and Decree-law no. 238/2008, of 15 December, a 
concession to operate a pilot zone to generate electricity from the energy of ocean waves through Enondas, 
REN's wholly owned subsidiary. 
In accordance with Decree-Law no. 238/2008, of 15 December, as amended by Decree-Law no. 15/2012, 
of 23 January, this concession has a duration of 45 years (which ends in 2055) and includes the authorisation 
to (i) install the infrastructure to connect to the public service electricity network; (ii) use of the public water 
resources; (iii) monitoring of the use by third parties of the water resources necessary to generate electricity 
from ocean waves energy; as well as (iv) the power to grant licences for the establishment and operation of 
the generation of electricity and related monitoring. 
In accordance with the concession agreement and applicable legislation, Enondas will have the right to an 
adequate remuneration for the concession, through the acknowledgement of the costs of investment, 
operation and maintenance, provided that these latter are approved in advance by the Government minister 
overseeing the energy sector, and subject to the binding opinion of ERSE. 
The concession contract may be early terminated by the Portuguese State in case any of the following events 
of serious breach of Enondas' contractual obligations – if not remedied or impossible to remedy –, namely 
but without limitation, occur: deviation from the scope of the concession; non-observance of the contractual

--- Page 182 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 182 - 
66-41080316 
 
delay for commencement of operation of the Pilot Zone (area identified and demarcated for carrying out 
the concession activity), whenever imputable to the concessionaire; unjustified prolonged interruption or 
abandonment of the concession activity for a period longer than one year; reiterated opposition to the 
supervision and breach of the resolutions of the grantor or violation of applicable laws or regulations; 
refusal to entail repairs and maintenance to the concession infrastructure; lack of payment of the 
concessions' consideration for a period longer than one year; non-authorised transfer, assignment, sale or 
encumbrance of the concession; and lack of payment of contractual penalties by the concessionaire. In this 
case, the termination shall implicate the gratuitous transfer of all concession assets and the related rights 
and obligations to the grantor, as well as the loss of the preservation and renewal fund (funded by 5 per 
cent. of the concessionaire's annual profits). In such case the concessionaire shall have no right to receive 
any compensation, all without prejudice to the possible civil liability of the concessionaire and of the 
respective contractual penalties. 
Enondas may also early terminate the concession with grounds on serious breach of the grantor's 
obligations, if such breach jeopardises the carrying out of the activity included in the concession. This 
termination by the concessionaire implicates the transfer of all the concession assets and related rights and 
obligations to the grantor, without prejudice of the concessionaire's right to receive compensation for losses 
caused to it, including for the amount of investments it effectively funded and loss of profit. 
Enondas has a further right to terminate the concession agreement from the fifth year after the Pilot Zone 
begins operation, should Enondas suffer a verifiable loss of more than EUR 6 million, as per the calculation 
parameters described in the agreement, despite the contractual mechanisms for Enondas remuneration. In 
such case, the Portuguese State may opt either to provide financial compensation to the concessionaire, in 
financial neutrality conditions, or to indemnify the concessionaire for the accumulated net losses, accrued 
of the amount of the investment provided for the agreement, as long as it is made by the concessionaire and 
is not amortised, up to the maximum amount of EUR 6 million. The concessionaire shall not have the right 
to be compensated for loss of profit. 
The Portuguese State may unilaterally redeem the concession on justifiable grounds of public interest, after 
one year from the date of the notice to the concessionaire of such redemption intention. The concessionaire 
has the right to receive an indemnity in case of such redemption, which shall be calculated having as basis 
an evaluation to be performed by two well-known entities, always taking into account the book value of 
the investments executed and effectively funded by the concessionaire. 
On the concession termination date, by expiry of its term, the assets and the related rights and obligations 
shall revert to the Portuguese Republic at no charge, having the concessionaire no right to any indemnity. 
Nonetheless, the assets subject to reversion which were acquired by the concessionaire with recourse to 
financing of the concessioned activity – which are not amortised – shall have to be paid by its book and 
non-amortised value, conditioned to the respective acquisition having been previously approved by the 
grantor. 
Addenda to the concession agreements 
On 21 February 2012, the following addenda to the concession agreements in force between the Portuguese 
State and REN's companies were executed, namely: (i) the concession agreement concerning the 
transmission of electricity through the RNT entered into by REN Rede Eléctrica; (ii) the concession 
agreement regarding the transport of natural gas through the RNTG entered into by REN Gasodutos; (iii) 
the concession agreement regarding the reception, storage and regasification of the LNG terminal in Sines 
entered into by REN Atlântico; and (iv) the concession agreement regarding the underground storage of 
natural gas, entered into by REN Armazenagem. 
These concession agreements were amended with the main purposes of: (i) detailing the functions of the 
operators of the RNT and RNTG; (ii) developing arrangements for monitoring and supervising the activities 
of the concessionaires by the Portuguese State; and (iii) specifying the terms applicable to the provision of 
information by each of the concessionaires, adapting the respective contractual clauses to the legal 
provisions and regulations that entered into force in the meantime, in particular Decree-Laws no.77/2011 
and 78/2011, both of 20 June. 
On 23 April 2018, REN Rede Eléctrica concession agreement was amended with the main purpose of 
including the approximately 17 km² of Portuguese sea space offshore of Viana do Castelo in the scope of 
the concession and in accordance with (i) the determination number 22/SEEnergia/2015, dated as of 7 May,

--- Page 183 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 183 - 
66-41080316 
 
of the Energy Secretary of State, (ii) the Resolution of Council of Ministers no 81-A/2016, dated as of 24 
November, and (iii) the Resolution of the Council of Ministers no 12/2018, dated as of 8 February. 
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
Companies in the Group are owners and lessees of several properties located in Portugal, which, other than 
the surface right constituted in favour of Turbogás in relation to the property of the electric generation 
centre of natural gas combined cycle from Tapada do Outeiro for the duration of the respective PPA are 
free of significant encumbrances. 
REN's principal properties are related to its electricity and gas infrastructure, as well as certain office 
buildings. REN's properties are for the most part held free of encumbrances. In general, REN's properties 
will revert to the Portuguese Republic upon the termination of its concessions. Despite the fact that REN 
holds the right to receive compensatory amounts in relation to these assets, the loss of such assets may have 
a negative impact on its business. 
INSURANCE 
REN maintains the types and amounts of insurance customary in the industries in which it operates, 
including coverage for third-party liability, employee-related accidents and injuries, property damage, 
environment and directors' and officers' liability. 
REGULATION 
REN operates primarily in the electricity and gas sectors, and additionally in the telecommunications sector. 
As a result, its activities are subject to legislation and regulation on several fronts. In particular, REN is 
subject to EU legislation applying to the electricity and natural gas industries the Commission Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1388, of 17 August 2016, establishing a Network Code on Demand Connection, and the 
Regulation (EU) 2014/312, of 26 March 2014, establishing a Network Code on Gas Balancing of 
Transmission Networks. 
REN is also subject to extensive Portuguese legislation applying to the electricity sector, notably Decree-
Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January, transposing the Directive (EU) 2019/944 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council, of 5 June 2019, as amended by Directive 2024/1711 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, of 13 of June, as last amended by Regulation (EU) 2024/1787 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 13 June 2024. 
REN is also subject to extensive Portuguese legislation applying to the gas sector such as Decree-Law no. 
230/2012 of 26 October, transposing the Directive No. 2009/73/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 July. Decree-Law no. 62/2020, of 28 August fully amended the natural gas Portuguese legal 
framework, replacing Decree-Law no. 30/2006, 15 February and Decree-Law no. 140/2006, of 26 July and 
establishing a new regime of organisation and functioning of the gas sector in Portugal. Decree-Law no. 
62/2020, of 28 August transposed the relevant EU legislation, namely Directive (EU) 2019/692 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019, amending Directive 2009/73/EC concerning 
common rules for the internal market in natural gas. As part of the European Green Deal, the European 
Commission adopted a legislative proposal on 15 December 2021 to substantially revise Directive 
2009/73/EC, which resulted in the adoption of Regulation (EU) 2022/869, of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 30 May 2022, amending Directive 2009/73/EC and Directive (EU) 2019/944. Recently, 
the legal package for hydrogen and decarbonised gas markets was published through Directive (EU) 
2024/1788 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 13 June 2024, and Regulation (EU) 2024/1789 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 13 June 2024. 
REN is subject to the supervision and regulation of the Director General for Energy and Geology (Direcção 
General de Energia e Geologia) and ERSE and, in particular, to several regulation instruments issued by 
these entities for both the electricity and gas sectors. In respect of the electricity sector, these instruments 
include: (i) the Quality of Service Code; (ii) the Tariffs Regulation; (iii) the Commercial Relations 
Regulation; (iv) the Grid Operations Regulation; (v) the Access to the Grid and Interconnections 
Regulation; and (vi) the Transmission Grid Regulation and Distribution Grid Regulation. In respect of the 
gas sector, the instruments are: (i) the Quality of Service Regulation; (ii) the Tariffs Regulation; (iii) the 
Commercial Relations Regulation; (iv) the Access to the Grid, Infrastructure and Interconnections 
Regulation; (v) the Infrastructure Operation Regulation; (vi) the Project, Construction, Use and

--- Page 184 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 184 - 
66-41080316 
 
Maintenance of the Underground Storage Technical Regulation; (vii) the Project, Construction, Use and 
Maintenance of the LNG Reception, Storage and Regasification Terminal Technical Regulation; and (viii) 
the Project, Construction, Use and Maintenance of the National Gas Transmission Network Technical 
Regulation. 
On 9 September 2014, ERSE issued a decision regarding the certification of REN - Rede Eléctrica Nacional 
and REN Gasodutos as electricity transmission and natural gas grid operators, respectively, under a full 
ownership unbundling, subject to the satisfaction of a set of certification conditions aiming at granting the 
operators independence (the "Decision"). Such conditions were deemed satisfied by ERSE on 31 July 2015, 
as disclosed to the market by REN on 4 August 2015. 
The following conditions are imposed by the Decision: 
(i) 
restrictions concerning REN shareholders: without prejudice to the right of receiving dividends, 
the shareholders that control companies whose object is the generation or supply of electricity or 
the production or supply of natural gas are prevented from exercising any rights held in REN, 
unless ERSE (as the relevant certifying entity) attests to the absence of any conflicts of interest; 
(ii) 
restrictions concerning the members of the boards of directors or of the supervisory boards of 
REN and of the TSOs, i.e., REN Rede Eléctrica and REN Gasodutos, which: 
(a) cannot be appointed by shareholders that control or hold rights over companies whose 
object is the generation or supply of electricity or the production or supply of natural 
gas, gases of renewable origin and low-carbon gases; or 
(b) are not allowed to be part of corporate bodies in companies whose object is the 
production and supply of electricity or the production or supply of natural gas, gases of 
renewable origin and low-carbon gases; 
(iii) 
amendment to the REN by-laws, in order to comply with the restrictions included in the two 
bullets above; and 
(iv) 
communication to ERSE, in a timely manner, of any material change that involves the conditions 
that were analysed within the certification proceedings. 
REN by-laws were amended in order to convey the certification condition mentioned in item (iii). above, 
by means of a resolution of the shareholders general meeting passed last 17 April 2015. 
The Decision defined additional measures of functional unbundling, as per the situation of REN Trading, 
and of supervision of the activities developed by the Group and also made reference to the shareholders of 
REN at the time, and the members of the boards of directors and of the supervisory boards of REN and of 
the TSOs. 
In fact, concerning REN Trading, the Decision notably established that the following should be ensured: 
(i) 
measures aiming at reinforcing the transparency of the governance model are implemented. It 
shall be particularly ensured that changes to the board of directors of REN Trading board of 
directors and of the supervisory board are communicated to ERSE in a timely manner. Such 
changes must be grounded and it shall take into account that the members of the board of directors 
and of the supervisory board: 
a. 
are neither part of the corporate bodies of REN Rede Eléctrica or REN Gasodutos nor 
of companies carrying out the production or supply of electricity or of natural gas; 
b. have no labour relationship with REN Rede Eléctrica or REN Gasodutos; 
c. 
do not, directly or indirectly and irrespective of the form, render any services to REN 
Rede Eléctrica or REN Gasodutos or to companies carrying out the production or supply 
of electricity or of natural gas; and 
d. ERSE may issue a bounding decision on the early termination of the agreements or term 
of offices, as applicable. For such purposes, ERSE will take into account the directors

--- Page 185 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 185 - 
66-41080316 
 
duties and skills for the normal performance of functions and the level of 
accomplishment of goals; 
(ii) 
REN Trading cannot share IT equipment and systems, buildings or access safety systems with 
REN Rede Eléctrica or with REN Gasodutos. Similarly, REN Trading cannot hire the same 
consultants or external service providers for the IT equipment or systems or for the access safety 
systems; and 
(iii) 
REN Trading cannot use the joint services of REN Rede Eléctrica or REN Gasodutos (notably 
accounting and legal services) or use the same consultants or external service providers, without 
prejudice to the use of common structures of a purely administrative nature. 
REN Trading activities on the supply or production of electric energy cannot be renewed after the expiry 
of the former PPAs.

--- Page 186 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 186 - 
66-41080316 
 
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors Members 
The full list of directors as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: 
Name 
 
Function 
 
Year 
originally 
elected 
 Date of expiry of term 
Rodrigo Costa 
Chairman and CEO 
 
2014 
2026 
João Faria Conceição 
Executive Director and 
COO 
 
2009 
2026 
Gonçalo Morais Soares 
Executive Director and 
CFO 
 
2012 
2026 
Guangchao 
Zhu 
(appointed 
by 
State 
Grid 
International 
Development Limited) 
 
Vice-Chairman 
2012 
2026 
Yang Qu  
Director 
2023 
2026 
Mingyi Tang 
Director 
2023 
2026 
Jorge 
Magalhães 
Correia 
Director 
2015 
2026 
Manuel 
Sebastião 
(independent) 
Director  
2015 
2026 
Gonçalo 
Gil 
Mata 
(independent) 
Director  
2015 
2026 
Rosa Freitas Soares 
(independent) 
Director and Chairwoman 
of the Audit Committee 
2021 
2026 
Maria Estela Barbot 
(independent) 
Director 
2015 
2026 
Ana Pinho 
(independent) 
Director 
2019 
2026 
Ana da Cunha Barros 
(independent) 
Director and member of 
the Audit Committee 
2021 
2026 
Dulce Mota 
(independent) 
Director and member of 
the Audit Committee 
2023 
2026 
José Luís Arnaut  
Director 
2012 
2026 
 
All members of the corporate bodies were elected at the Shareholders General Meeting held on 9 May 2024 
for the term-of-office 2024-2026. 
Each of the members of the Board of Directors exercises his management functions at REN's head office 
at Avenida Estados Unidos da América, No. 55, Lisbon, Portugal. 
There are no family ties between the members of the Board of Directors or between the members of the 
Board of Directors and the statutory auditor. 
Corporate Governance 
In accordance with the corporate governance structure adopted by REN (the so-called "Anglo-Saxon 
structure"), its management is attributed to the Board of Directors (without prejudice of the delegation of 
powers to the Executive Committee regarding the day to day management) and its supervision is attributed 
to the Audit Committee (exclusively composed of non-executive directors) and to a statutory auditor, as set 
out in article 278(1)(b) of the Portuguese Companies Code. 
REN adopts most of the Recommendations of the Portuguese Institute of Corporate Governance ("IPCG") 
on the Corporate Governance of Listed Companies, as stated in REN's corporate governance report which 
is annexed to its audited consolidated annual report and accounts of the Group for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023. REN is the entity responsible for the appraisal of compliance with the recommendations 
stated in its corporate governance report. This report is then annually reviewed by IPCG and generally there 
are no discrepancies on such appraisal. 
The following functions outside REN are currently exercised by its directors:

--- Page 187 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 187 - 
66-41080316 
 
Name 
Functions 
Rodrigo Costa 
Chairman of the REN Rede Eléctrica Nacional, S.A. Board of Directors 
Chairman of the REN - Gasodutos, S.A. Board of Directors 
Chairman of the REN Atlântico – Terminal de GNL, S.A. Board of 
Directors 
Chairman of the REN - Armazenagem, S.A. Board of Directors 
Chairman of the REN Serviços, S.A. Board of Directors 
Chairman of the REN PRO, S.A. Board of Directors 
Chairman of the RENTELECOM – Comunicações, S.A. Board of 
Directors 
Chairman of the ENONDAS, Energia das Ondas, S.A. Board of 
Directors 
Chairman of the REN Gás, S.A. Board of Directors 
Chairman of the Aerio Chile, SpA Board of Directors 
Chairman of the Apolo Chile, Spa Board of Directors 
Chairman of the Empresa de Transmisión Eléctrica Transemel, S.A. 
Board of Directors 
João Faria Conceição 
Member of the REN - Rede Eléctrica Nacional, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the REN Gasodutos, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the REN Atlântico – Terminal de GNL, S.A. Board of 
Directors 
Member of the REN - Armazenagem, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the REN Serviços, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the REN PRO, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the RENTELECOM – Comunicações, S.A. Board of 
Directors 
Member of the ENONDAS, Energia das Ondas, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the REN Gás, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the Board of Directors of Centro de Investigação em Energia 
REN– State Grid S.A. 
Non-executive member of the Board of Directors of HCB – 
Hidroeléctrica de Cahora Bassa S.A. 
Member of Aerio Chile, SpA Board of Directors 
Member of Electrogas S.A. Board of Directors

--- Page 188 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 188 - 
66-41080316 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Apolo Chile, Spa 
Member of the Board of Directors of Empresa de Transmisión Eléctrica 
Transemel, S.A. 
Gonçalo Morais Soares 
Member of the REN - Rede Eléctrica Nacional, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the REN Gasodutos, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the REN Atlântico – Terminal de GNL, S.A. Board of 
Directors 
Member of the REN - Armazenagem, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the REN Serviços, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the REN PRO, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the ENONDAS, Energia das Ondas, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the REN Gás, S.A. Board of Directors 
Chairman of the REN Finance BV Board of Directors 
Member of the REN RENTELECOM – Comunicações, S.A. Board of 
Directors 
 
Member of Aerio Chile, Spa Board of Directors 
Member of the Electrogas, S.A. Board of Directors 
Member of the Board of Directors of Apolo Chile, Spa 
Member of the Board of Directors of Empresa de Transmisión Eléctrica 
Transemel, S.A 
Guangchao Zhu 
Chairman of the Board of Directors at NGCP, Philippines 
Board Member of HKEI in Hong Kong, China 
Yang Qu  
Chief Compliance Officer of State Grid International Development 
Limited (SGID)  
Deputy Chairman, Board of OETC 
Mingyi Tang 
Deputy Director of the legal affairs department at State Grid 
Corporation of China  
Jorge Magalhães Correia 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Fidelidade - Companhia de 
Seguros, S.A 
Non Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Luz Saúde, S.A. 
Non Executive Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of Banco 
Comercial Português, S.A. 
José Luís Arnaut 
Managing Partner of CMS Rui Pena, Arnaut & Associados 
Member of the Executive Board of CMS Legal Services EEIG

--- Page 189 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 189 - 
66-41080316 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of ANA - Aeroportos de Portugal 
(VINCI Airports) 
Member of the International Advisory Board of Goldman Sachs  
Member of the Consulting Board of AON, S.A. 
Deputy Chairman of the Lisbon Tourism Association 
Chairman of the General Meeting of Portway - Handling de Portugal 
(Vinci Airports), S.A. 
Chairman of the General Meeting of Siemens, S.A. 
Chairman of the General Meeting of Grupo Super Bock 
Chairman of the General Meeting of Tabaqueira II, S.A. 
Chairman of the General Meeting of the Portuguese Football Federation 
Manuel Sebastião 
Chairman of the Directive Council of Ulisses - Foundation for the 
Development of Management 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of IPCG - Portuguese Institute of 
Corporate Governance 
Gonçalo Gil Mata 
Executive Partner and Member of the Board of Directors of C2 Capital 
Partners - Soc. Capital de Risco, S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of companies managed by FIAE, 
Promoção e Turismo Manager at Goma Consulting, Lda. 
Rosa Freitas Soares 
Member of the Remuneration Committee of Sogrape, SGPS, S.A. 
Maria Estela Barbot 
Member of the Advisory Board at Laurel Managing Partner at ALETSE, 
LDA (Real Estate, Management Consulting and Public Relations and 
Communication) 
President of Fórum Portugal Global – FPG 
Chairman of the Portuguese Group of the Trilateral Commission 
Vice Chairman of the District of Porto – SEDES – Associação para o 
Desenvolvimento Económico e Social 
Member of the Advisory Board - SEDES- Associação para o 
Desenvolvimento Económico e Social 
Member of the Advisory Board of Ar.Co – Centro de Arte e 
Comunicação Visual, 
Member of the Board of Founders of Museu de Arte Moderna da 
Fundação de Serralves

--- Page 190 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 190 - 
66-41080316 
 
Member of the Advisory Board – Associação Laurel 
Ana Pinho 
Chairman of the Board of Directors and of the Executive Committee of 
the Serralves Foundation 
Ana da Cunha Barros 
Independent non-executive Director and member of the risk committee 
of Abanca Corporación Bancaria, S.A. and Member of the Risk 
Committee 
Non-executive Director Statusdesafio Capital SGOIC, S.A 
Non-executive Director of EuroBic Abanca and Member of the 
Nominations, Remunerations and Governance Committee 
Dulce Mota 
Non-executive director of Norgarante and Lisgarante 
 
Conflicts of interest 
No potential conflicts exist between the private interests and/or other duties of the members of the Board 
of Directors or the supervisory bodies and their duties to REN or to any company of the Group. 
Executive Committee Members 
The members of the Executive Committee are Rodrigo Jorge de Araújo Costa, João Caetano Carreira Faria 
Conceição and Gonçalo João Figueira Morais Soares. 
Remuneration Committee Members 
The Remuneration Committee is composed of the following members elected by the General Shareholders' 
Meeting held on 9 May 2024, for the 2024-2026 term of office: João Duque (Chairman), José Galamba de 
Oliveira and Fernando Neves de Almeida. 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Audit Committee Members 
The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors: Rosa Freitas Soares 
(Chairwoman), Ana da Cunha Barros and Dulce Mota. The members of the Audit Committee were elected 
by the General Shareholders' Meeting held on 9 May 2024, for the 2024-2026 term of office. The Audit 
Committee ordinarily meets once a month at the head offices of REN and may convene any collaborators 
of REN to attend the meetings, whenever deemed necessary. Furthermore, the Audit Committee has access 
to independent professional advice, as it may deem necessary. 
The Audit Committee has the powers and the obligations set forth in the applicable law and in the Articles 
of Association of REN, therefore being particularly accountable for: 
• 
Supervising the management of the Company; 
• 
Monitoring compliance with the law, the REN Articles of Association and applicable principles 
of corporate governance; 
• 
Confirming that the REN Corporate Governance Report includes the information set out in 
Article 29-H of the Portuguese Securities Code and in CMVM Regulation No 4/2013, as 
amended; 
• 
Expressing their agreement or otherwise with regard to the annual management report and the 
accounts for the financial year;

--- Page 191 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 191 - 
66-41080316 
 
• 
Verifying, when deemed convenient and in the manner considered appropriate, cash in all its 
forms and inventories of any type of goods or values belonging to REN or received by REN as a 
guarantee, deposit or in other form; 
• 
Inspecting the accuracy of records, supporting documents and accounting books;  
 
• 
Verifying whether the accounting policies and the valuation criteria adopted by REN lead to a 
correct evaluation of assets and results; 
 
• 
Preparing the annual report on their supervisory work; 
• 
Issuing an opinion on the report, accounts and proposal to distribute profits presented by 
management; 
 
• 
Convening the General Shareholders' Meeting whenever the Chairman of the Board of the 
General Shareholders' Meeting fails to do so; 
• 
Receiving alleged whistleblowing communications, in financial or others matters, submitted by 
shareholders, company employees or third parties; 
• 
Ensure that the company's arrangements for receiving such communications, submitted in 
confidence, allow a proportionate and independent investigation of such matters and appropriate 
follow-up actions; 
 
• 
Supervising the preparation and disclosure of financial information, in particular financial 
information by the Board of Directors or Executive Committee, including the adequacy of 
accounting policies, estimates, judgements and relevant disclosures, and their consistent 
application across financial years, in a duly documented and communicated format; 
 
• 
Supervising the audit of REN's accounting documents; 
 
• 
Hiring the services of experts who will assist one or several of its members in exercising their 
duties. The contracting and remuneration of experts must take into account the importance of the 
matters they are to deal with and the company's economic situation; and 
 
• 
Complying with other provisions set out in law or the Articles of Association. 
 
In its relationship with other corporate bodies, the Audit Committee is also responsible for: 
a) 
Supervising the effectiveness of the risk management, internal control and internal audit systems, 
including monitoring, evaluating, giving opinion, and making proposals to improve the 
functioning of those systems so that the risks actually incurred by the company are consistent 
with the objectives set by the Board of Directors or Executive Committee; 
b) 
Proposing to the General Shareholders' Meeting the appointment of the Statutory Auditor, first 
and alternate; 
c) 
Supervising the independence of the Statutory Auditor, more specifically with regard to the 
provision of non-audit of additional services and its suitability for the performance of duties; 
d) 
Representing the Company, for all purposes, with the Statutory Auditor acting as REN's 
interlocutor with it and being the first recipient of its reports; 
e) 
Ensuring that the proper conditions for the provision of audit services by the REN Statutory 
Auditor are provided within the company; 
f) 
Monitoring the activities of the Statutory Auditor on a regular basis by analysing their periodic 
reports and overseeing the audit and review processes. It also assesses any changes in procedures 
recommended by the Statutory Auditor;

--- Page 192 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 192 - 
66-41080316 
 
g) 
Assessing the work carried out by the Statutory Auditor on an annual basis; 
h) 
Providing prior approval on the contracting of any audit services from the Statutory Auditor by 
the Company, or any entity with a participating interest with the said auditor or which is part of 
the same network, explaining the reasons for such contracting in the annual report on Corporate 
Governance; 
i) 
Approving the business plan for the following year and the activity report for the previous year 
from REN's Internal Audit Department; and 
j) 
To approve the annual budget and staff members proposals for the Internal Audit Department of 
REN, which shall be submitted to the Executive Committee for final assessment, together with 
the proposals of all other REN departments. 
Statutory auditor Members 
The Statutory Auditor is Ernst & Young Audit & Associados - SROC S.A., represented by Ricardo Miguel 
Barrocas André. The Alternate Statutory Auditor is Pedro Miguel Borges Marques. 
OTHERS 
Secretary of REN 
REN's Board of Directors appointed Marta Almeida Afonso as REN's Secretary and Diogo Macedo Graça 
as Alternate Secretary for the period 2024/2026. They will perform these functions in accordance with the 
provisions of the Portuguese Companies Code. 
Their term of office ceases with the end of the current term of office of the Board of Directors. 
Market Relations Representative 
Gonçalo João Figueira Morais Soares is REN's market relations representative. 
Main Shareholders  
Based on the communications submitted to the Company, in particular in accordance with Article 16 of the 
Portuguese Securities Code and CMVM Regulation No 1/2023, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
shareholders having a qualifying holding (representing at least 5 per cent. of REN's share capital), 
calculated in accordance with Article 20 of the Portuguese Securities Code, were as follows: 
Shareholders 
Head Office 
No. of shares 
Per cent. Capital 
State Grid Corporation 
of China (1) 
Level 3, 40 Bank Street, 
London 
E14 
5NR, 
(UK) 
166,797,815 
25.00 
Pontegadea Inversiones 
S.L.(2) 
Cantón 
Grande, 
4 
15003 A Coruña Spain 
80,100,000 
12.006 
Lazard 
Asset 
Management LLC (3) 
30 Rockefeller Plaza 
58th floor, New York, 
NY 10112 (USA) 
53,862,399 
8.1 
Fidelidade - Companhia 
de Seguros. S.A. (4) 
Largo do Calhariz. N.° 
30, 
1249-001 
Lisboa 
(Portugal) 
35,496,424 
5.320 
Redeia Corporación, S. 
A (5) 
Paseo del Conde de los 
Gaitanes. 
177, 
Alcobendas, 
Madrid 
(Spain) 
33,359,563 
5.00 
 
(1) 
This shareholding is attributed to the companies (i) a State Grid Europe Limited (SGEL), as direct holder, (ii) State Grid International 
Development Limited (SGID), as dominant shareholder of SGEL, (iii) State Grid Corporation of China, as company which fully

--- Page 193 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 193 - 
66-41080316 
 
controls SGEL, and (iv) People's Republic of China as controller of State Grid Corporation of China; State Grid Europe Limited 
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of State Grid International Development Limited and controlled by State Grid Corporation of China. 
(2) 
In accordance with the communication sent by the company on 30 July 2021, Pontegadea Inversiones S.L., as direct holder, is 
controlled by Mr. Amancio Ortega Gaona, to whom the 12.006 per cent. voting rights in REN are attributed, pursuant to article 
20(1)(b) of the Portuguese Securities Code. 
(3) 
In accordance with the information made available by Lazard Asset Management LLC (“LAM”), by reference to 30 September 
2023, also confirming that LAM is not controlled by one individual but is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lazard Freres & Co, a 
New York Limited Liability Company, with one member, Lazard Group LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company. Interests 
in Lazard Group LLC are held by Lazard, Inc., which is a US C-Corporation with shares that are publicly traded on the New York 
Stock Exchange. The qualified shareholding, calculated under Article 20 of the Portuguese Securities Code, is held by LAM on 
behalf of clients, and is attributable to LAM since it agreed with the clients that it would exercise the voting rights. 
(4) 
Fidelidade– Companhia de Seguros. S.A. holds 35,176,796 shares directly, and 319,628 shares indirectly as follows: (i) 119,889 
shares through Via Directa – Companhia de Seguros, S.A. (which is controlled by Fidelidade – Companhia de Seguros. S.A.), (ii) 
37,537 shares through Companhia Portuguesa de Resseguros, S.A., (which is controlled by LongRun Portugal, S.G.P.S., S.A., that 
holds an 80% shareholding in Fidelidade – Companhia de Seguros. S.A.), (iii) 98,732 shares through Fidelidade Assistência – 
Companhia de Seguros, S.A., (which is controlled by Fidelidade – Companhia de Seguros. S.A.), and (iv) 63,470 shares through 
Multicare – Seguros de Saúde, S.A. (which is controlled by LongRun Portugal, S.G.P.S., S.A., that holds an 80% shareholding in 
Multicare – Seguros de Saúde, S.A.). This qualified holding, calculated in accordance with Article 20 of the Portuguese Securities 
Code, is also attributed to LongRun Portugal, SGPS, S.A., Millenium Gain Capital, Fosun Financial Holdings Limited, Fosun 
International Limited, Fosun Holdings Limited, Fosun International Holdings, Ltd. and to Mr. Guo Guangchang, as individuals 
and legal persons direct and indirect controllers of Fidelidade - Companhia de Seguros, S.A. 
(5) 
Shareholdering directly held through its subsidiary Red Eléctrica Internacional, S.A.U. 
 
Significant Shareholders 
State Grid Corporation of China, holding a stake representing 25 per cent. of REN's share capital and 
Pontegadea Inversiones, S.L., holding a stake representing 12 per cent. of REN's share capital are the most 
significant of REN's shareholders as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Voting Rights 
REN's share capital is represented by 667,191,262 shares with the nominal value of one euro each, fully 
issued and subscribed. According to No. 3 of article 12 of REN's by-laws, the voting rights exercised by a 
single holder of shares for themselves or on behalf of another shareholder are limited to a maximum of 25 
per cent. of the aggregate voting rights of the share capital. For purposes of computing the voting rights 
held by a participant in a General Shareholders' Meeting, according to No. 1 of article 20 of the Portuguese 
Securities Code, the following voting rights are aggregated: 
a) 
those held by the participant as a shareholder or of which the participant has the usufruct; those 
held by third parties in their own name, but on behalf of the participant; 
b) 
those held by a company over which the participant is in a control or group relationship; 
c) 
those held by holders of voting rights with whom the participant has entered into a voting 
agreement, except if, by virtue of this same agreement, the participant is bound to follow a third 
party's instructions; 
d) 
those held, if the participant is a company, by members of its management and supervisory bodies; 
e) 
those that the participant may acquire pursuant to an agreement executed with the respective 
holders or pursuant to a financial instrument: 
f) 
which grants, by virtue of a binding agreement, an unconditional right to acquire, or a call option 
over, shares with voting rights already issued by an issuer which shares are admitted to trading 
in a regulated market;  
g) 
with physical settlement, not covered by subparagraph i) above, but indexed to shares herein 
mentioned and with an economical effect similar to the holding of shares or instruments 
mentioned in subparagraph above; 
h) 
those attaching to shares held by way of security or managed by or deposited with the shareholder 
if the voting rights have been attributed to the shareholder; 
i) 
those held by holders of voting rights which have granted discretionary powers to the shareholder 
to exercise them;

--- Page 194 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 194 - 
66-41080316 
 
j) 
those held by persons that have entered into any agreement with a shareholder aimed at either 
acquiring control of REN or frustrating any changes to its control or otherwise constituting an 
instrument of concerted exercise of influence over REN; 
k) 
those attaching to shares underlying cash settled financial instruments held by the participant, 
indexed to the shares mentioned above with economic effect similar to owning the shares and 
the instruments mentioned in such paragraph; and 
l) 
those attributable to any individual or entity described in one of the previous paragraphs by 
application, with due adaptations, of the criteria described in any of the other paragraphs. 
In accordance with article 13 of REN's by-laws, the shareholders should, for the purposes of computing the 
percentage of the share capital held, provide the Board of Directors with the information requested by the 
Board, in a true, objective and complete manner. Should shareholders fail to comply with such obligation, 
the voting rights inherent to shares exceeding 25 per cent. of the share capital are not able to be exercised.

--- Page 195 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 195 - 
66-41080316 
 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF REN 
The following financial information is extracted without material adjustment from the audited consolidated 
financial statements of REN as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and 
the unaudited consolidated income statement for each of the six months periods ended 30 June 2024 and 
30 June 2023. 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the Group's audited consolidated income 
statement for each of the two years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and the unaudited 
consolidated income statement for each of the six months periods ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023, 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards. 
1. Consolidated Income Statement of the Group 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
 
2024 
 
2023 
 
2024 
 
2023 
 
 
Unaudited 
 
Audited 
 
 
(thousands of Euro) 
 
(thousands of Euro) 
Sales 
 
364 
 
74 
 
179 
 
96 
Services rendered 
 
307,691 
 
327,010 
 
651,581 
 
588,130 
Revenue 
from 
construction 
of 
concession assets 
 
129,634 
 
108,674 
 
296,123 
 
197,420 
Gains from associates and joint ventures 
 
5,856 
 
7,025 
 
12,850 
 
11,812 
Other operating income 
 
19,240 
 
16,237 
 
30,446 
 
27,225 
Operating income 
 
462,785 
 
459,021 
 
991,179 
 
824,683 
Cost of goods sold 
 
-445 
 
-465 
 
-1,008 
 
-901 
Cost with construction of concession 
assets 
 
-114,773 
 
-96,370 
 
-267,810 
 
-175,095 
External supplies and services 
 
-46,480 
 
-50,459 
 
-115,453 
 
-82,516 
Personnel costs 
 
-33,669 
 
-31,226 
 
-63,980 
 
-58,519 
Depreciation and amortisations 
 
-126,463 
 
-125,765 
 
-253,202 
 
-249,276 
Provisions 
 
-2 
 
-232 
 
-812 
 
-2,230 
Impairments 
 
793 
 
-189 
 
-3,472 
 
-1,437 
Other expenses 
 
-13,159 
 
-12,910 
 
-21,719 
 
-14,988 
Operating costs 
 
-334,199 
 
-317,615 
 
-727,456 
 
-584,962 
Operating results 
 
128,586 
 
141,406 
 
263,723 
 
239,721 
Financial costs 
 
-47,902 
 
-36,433 
 
-83,151 
 
-67,394 
Financial income 
 
10,924 
 
8,916 
 
29,656 
 
11,911 
Investment income – dividends 
 
11,999 
 
8,524 
 
10,018 
 
9,815 
Financial results 
 
-24,980 
 
-18,994 
 
-43,477 
 
-45,668 
Profit before income tax and ESEC 
 
103,605 
 
122,412 
 
220,246 
 
194,053 
Income tax expense 
 
-26,698 
 
-31,280 
 
-42,655 
 
-54,263 
Energy sector extraordinary contribution 
(ESEC) 
 
-28,310 
 
-28,101 
 
-28,356 
 
-28,019 
Net profit for the year 
 
48,597 
 
63,031 
 
149,236 
 
111,771 
Attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity holders of the company 
 
48,597 
 
63,031 
 
149,236 
 
111,771 
Non-controlling interests 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Consolidated profit for the year 
 
48,597 
 
63,031 
 
149,236 
 
111,771 
Earnings per share (expressed in euro 
per share) 
 
0.07 
 
0.09 
 
0.22 
 
0.17 
 
2. Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the Group's audited consolidated statement 
of financial position as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and from the Group's unaudited 
consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2024: 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position of Group 
 
As at 30 June 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2024 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
Unaudited 
 
Audited 
 
(thousands of Euro) 
ASSETS 
  
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets

--- Page 196 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 196 - 
66-41080316 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
119,834 
 
121,110 
 
127,816 
Goodwill 
2,497 
 
2,770 
 
4,515 
Intangible assets 
4,123,463 
 
4,120,617 
 
4,077,471 
Investments in associates and joint ventures 
176,658 
 
171,879 
 
180,770 
Investments in equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
136,233 
 
135,741 
 
145,715 
Derivative financial instruments 
39,838 
 
45,745 
 
80,564 
Other financial assets 
6,164 
 
6,164 
 
179 
Trade and other receivables 
140,065 
 
93,211 
 
55,666 
Deferred tax assets 
52,651 
 
53,437 
 
69,803 
 
4,797,403 
 
4,750,674 
 
4,742,499 
Current assets 
 
 
  
 
  
Inventories 
2,429 
 
7,193 
 
5,134 
Trade and other receivables 
519,724 
 
721,129 
 
327,764 
Current income tax recoverable 
2,575 
 
25,419 
 
10,671 
Derivative financial instruments 
11,844 
 
8,619 
 
236 
Asset related to the transitional gas price stabilisation regime - 
Decree-Law 84-D/2022 
213,904 
 
228,789 
 
1,000,000 
Cash and cash equivalents 
36,125 
 
40,145 
 
365,292 
 
786,602 
 
1,031,294 
 
1,709,097 
Total assets 
5,584,005 
 
5,781,968 
 
6,451,596 
EQUITY 
 
  
 
 
 
Shareholders' equity 
 
  
 
 
 
Share capital 
667,191 
 
667,191 
 
667,191 
Own shares 
-10,728 
 
-10,728 
 
-10,728 
Share premium 
116,809 
 
116,809 
 
116,809 
Reserve 
353,824 
 
356,691 
 
396,065 
Retained earnings 
285,355 
 
238,478 
 
241,987 
Other changes in equity 
-5,561 
 
-5,561 
 
-5,561 
Net profit for the period 
48,597 
 
149,236 
 
111,771 
Total equity 
1,455,488 
 
1,512,116 
 
1,517,534 
LIABILITIES 
 
  
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings 
1,730,742 
 
2,022,701 
 
1,695,362 
Liability for retirement benefits and others 
76,966 
 
75,855 
 
64,939 
Derivative financial instruments 
41,875 
 
52,006 
 
73,464 
Provisions 
9,801 
 
10,016 
 
10,576 
Trade and other payables 
469,355 
 
480,077 
 
450,297 
Deferred tax liabilities 
107,513 
 
107,905 
 
115,064 
 
2,436,252 
 
2,748,560 
 
2,409,702 
Current liabilities 
 
 
Borrowings 
940,275 
 
710,941 
 
638,944 
Trade and other payables 
528,666 
 
572,961 
 
885,416 
Income tax payable 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Liability related to the transitional gas price stabilisation regime 
- Decree-Law 84-D/2022 
213,904 
 
228,789 
 
1,000,000 
Derivative financial instruments 
9,420 
 
8,601 
 
- 
 
1,692,265 
 
1,521,292 
 
2,524,360 
Total liabilities 
4,128,517 
 
4,269,852 
 
4,934,062 
Total equity and liabilities 
5,584,005 
 
5,781,968 
 
6,451,596 
 
3. Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
Unaudited 
information  
 
Audited information 
 
 
As at 30 June 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2024 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
(thousands of euro) 
Cash flow from operating activities 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash receipts from customers ................................................ 
1,226,530 (a) 
 
1,924,927 (a) 
 
3,214,161 (a) 
Cash paid to suppliers ............................................................ 
-878,880 (a) 
 
-2,302,451 (a) 
 
-2.394.772 (a)

--- Page 197 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 197 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
Unaudited 
information  
 
Audited information 
 
 
As at 30 June 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2024 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
(thousands of euro) 
Cash paid to employees ......................................................... 
-42,443 
 
-79,719 
 
-76,220 
Income tax received/ (paid) ................................................... 
-5,566 
 
-31,373 
 
-77,970 
Other (payments)/receipts relating to operating activities ...... 
-11,904 
 
118,655 
 
-51,733 
Net cash flows from operating activities ............................. 
287,737 
 
-369,961 
 
613,466 
Cash flow from investing activities 
 
 
 
 
 
Receipts related to: 
 
 
 
 
 
Investments in associates .................................................... 
400 
 
231 
 
391 
Investments grants .............................................................. 
20,089 
 
65,713 
 
83,890 
Dividends ........................................................................... 
7,410 
 
25,298 
 
21,551 
Payments related to: 
 
 
  
 
  
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income .. 
- 
 
-6,000 
 
- 
Property, plant and equipment ............................................ 
-5,364 
 
-5,132 
 
-6,266 
Intangible assets ................................................................. 
-145,300 
 
-244,541 
 
-201,572 
Net cash used in investing activities ................................ 
-122,765 
 
-164,431 
 
-102,006 
Cash flow from financing activities 
 
 
 
 
 
Receipts related to: 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings ......................................................................... 
3,361,000 
 
3,757,500 
 
1,165,000 
Interest and other similar expenses………………………. 
610 
 
3,450 
 
- 
Payments related to 
 
 
  
 
  
Borrowings ......................................................................... 
-3,417,849 
 
-3,379,783 
 
-1,523,313 
Interest and other similar expenses ..................................... 
-50,096 
 
-65,125 
 
-40,545 
Leasings 
-1,190 
 
-2,239 
 
-2,157 
Interest of Leasings 
-112 
 
-100 
 
-26 
Dividends ........................................................................... 
-59,698 
 
-102,150 
 
-144,602 
Net cash from / (used in) financing activities ..................... 
-167,336 
 
211,553 
 
-545,643 
Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents ........ 
-2,364 
 
-322,839 
 
-34,183 
Effect of exchange rates ......................................................... 
-1,657 
 
-2,308 
 
716 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year ......... 
40,145 
 
365,292 
 
398,759 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year .............. 
36,125 
 
40,145 
 
365,292 
 _______________  
(a) These amounts include payments and receipts relating to operations in which REN acts as agent, of which the income and costs are reversed in 
the consolidated statement of profit and loss.

--- Page 198 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 198 - 
66-41080316 
 
TAXATION 
Portugal 
The following is a summary of certain tax consequences with respect to the Notes based on the tax laws of 
Portugal as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take 
effect after such date, including changes that could have retroactive effect. It is not a complete analysis of 
all of the potential tax effects relevant to a decision to invest in REN Notes. Potentially applicable 
transitional rules have not been considered. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to any particular Noteholder, including tax 
considerations that arise from rules of general application or that are generally assumed to be known to 
Noteholders. The following summary neither takes into account nor discusses investors' individual 
circumstances or the tax laws of any country other than Portugal, and it relates only to the position of 
persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers with respect to particular 
circumstances and the effects of state, local or foreign laws to which they may be subject. Noteholders who 
are in doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional advisers. 
1. 
General Tax Treatment 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Notes by a Portuguese resident individual, who 
is a beneficial owner, is subject to Portuguese Personal Income Tax. If the payment of interest or other 
investment income is made available to Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate 
of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects for aggregation to his 
taxable income, subject to Portuguese Personal Income Tax, at the progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. 
In this latter case, an additional Portuguese Personal Income tax rate will be due on the part of the taxable 
income exceeding EUR 80,000 up to EUR 250,000, as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable 
income exceeding EUR 80,000 up to EUR 250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding EUR 250,000. 
Where the Notes are redeemed, the difference between the subscription cost and the redemption value is 
qualified as capital gain and will be subject to Portuguese Personal Income Tax at a special flat rate of 28 
per cent. unless the individual elects for aggregation to his taxable income, pursuant to the same tax regime 
as described above. 
Notwithstanding the above, interest and other types of investment income paid or made available to 
accounts opened in the name of one or several accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed third parties 
is subject to a withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., except where the beneficial owner(s) of such income 
is/are disclosed, in which case the general rules shall apply. 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the transfer of Notes are computed as the 
difference between the sales proceeds and the acquisition cost, net of interest accrued from the last interest 
payment date or from the date of issue, placement or endorsement if payment has not occurred, to the date 
of transfer. Such capital gains are subject to Portuguese Personal Income Tax, at a special flat rate of 28 
per cent., which is levied on any positive balance between any realised capital gains and losses made on 
the sale of shares, bonds, derivatives, warrants and other financial securities occurred in a given tax year. 
The respective beneficiary may also opt for the aggregation of said capital gains to his taxable income, in 
which case the capital gains obtained will be subject to tax at the progressive Portuguese Personal Income 
Tax rates of up to 48 per cent. and above described additional Personal Income surtax (if the corresponding 
amount exceeds the referred thresholds). 
Capital gains arising from the disposal of securities, including the Notes, are subject to mandatory 
aggregation whenever: (i) the securities disposed of have been held for less than 365 consecutive days; and 
(ii) the individual taxpayer has a taxable income which is equal to or exceeds the highest Personal Income 
Tax bracket (EUR 80,000). 
On the other hand, interest and other investment income, as well as capital gains obtained on the redemption 
or transfer of Notes, when earned by any corporate entities resident for tax purposes in Portugal, or by non-
resident corporate entities with a permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are 
attributable, are subject to Portuguese Corporate Income Tax at the standard 21 per cent. tax rate (if the

--- Page 199 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 199 - 
66-41080316 
 
taxpayers are a small or medium enterprise or a Small Mid Cap enterprise as established in Decree-Law no. 
372/2007, of 6 November 2007, a reduced 17 per cent. rate applies over taxable profits up to EUR 50 
thousand). In addition, a municipal surcharge ("derrama municipal") of up to 1.5 per cent. of the 
beneficiary's taxable profits may be added, as well as a 3 per cent. State surtax ("derrama estadual") levied 
on the part of the taxable profits exceeding EUR 1.5 million up to EUR 7.5 million, 5 per cent. on the part 
of the taxable profits exceeding EUR 7.5 million up to EUR 35 million and a 9 per cent. on the part of the 
taxable profits exceeding EUR 35 million. Withholding tax, at a rate of 25 per cent. on account of the final 
tax liability applies on interest and other investment income. 
Financial institutions resident in Portugal for tax purposes or branches of foreign financial institutions 
located herein, pension funds, retirement and/or education savings funds, share savings funds, venture 
capital funds and collective investment undertakings incorporated under the laws of Portugal and some 
exempt entities, among other entities, are not subject to withholding tax. 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident individuals, or by non-resident 
corporate entities, in both cases without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is 
attributable, are liable to a final withholding tax rate of 28 and 25 per cent., respectively. 
However, interest and other types of investment income paid or made available to (i) individuals or 
companies domiciled in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime 
included in the list approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) No. 150/2004 of 13 February (as amended 
from time to time) or (ii) to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf 
of undisclosed third parties is subject to a withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., except where the beneficial 
owners of such income are disclosed, in which case the general rules shall apply. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the withholding tax rate over interest, as well as other investment income sources assimilated 
to interest, may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the applicable treaty and provided 
that the relevant formalities are met. The reduction may apply at source or through the refund of the excess 
tax withheld. The forms currently applicable for these purposes (form 21-RFI or form 22-RFI, respectively) 
are available for viewing and downloading at www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Pursuant to the EU Directive on Interest and Royalties (Directive No. 2003/49/EC of the Council, of 3 
June), no withholding tax shall be applicable on interest paid to an associated company of an Issuer who is 
resident in the European Union. 
For these purposes, an associated company of the Portuguese Issuer is: 
(i) 
a company which is subject to one of the taxes on profits listed in Article 3(a)(iii) of the EU 
Directive on Interest and Royalties without being exempt; which takes one of the legal forms listed 
in the Annex to the said Directive; and which is considered to be resident in an EU Member State 
and is not, within the meaning of a double taxation convention on income concluded with a third 
State, considered to be resident for tax purposes outside the EU; 
(ii) 
which holds a minimum direct holding of 25 per cent. in the share capital of the Issuer; or is 
directly held by the Issuer in at least 25 per cent.; or, together with the Issuer, are both held in at 
least 25 per cent. by a company; and 
(iii) 
provided that the holding has been maintained for an uninterrupted period of at least two years. If 
the minimum holding period is met after the date the withholding tax becomes due, a refund may 
be obtained. 
The associated company of the Issuer to which payments are made must be the beneficial owner of the 
interest, which will be the case if it receives the interest for its own account and not as an intermediary, 
either as a representative, a trustee or authorised signatory, for some other person. 
The exemption of the withholding tax rate may take place at source or through the refund of excess 
withholding tax. The forms currently applicable for the exemption from withholding tax rate and for the 
refund of excess withholding tax where the minimum holding period is met after withholding tax becomes 
due (form 01-DJR or form 02-DJR, respectively) are available for viewing and downloading at 
www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt.

--- Page 200 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 200 - 
66-41080316 
 
Capital gains realised by non-resident individuals on the transfer of Notes are subject to a 28 per cent. 
special flat rate. Again, and as referred to above, accrued interest does not qualify as capital gains for tax 
purposes. However, and provided the below mentioned conditions apply, such capital gains may be exempt 
under Portuguese domestic laws, or being out of the scope of Portuguese Personal Income Tax legislation 
whenever a tax treaty applies granting exclusive taxing rights to the beneficiary's State of Residency. 
Gains obtained on the disposal of Notes by a corporate entity non-resident for tax purposes in Portugal and 
without a permanent establishment in the Portuguese territory to which gains are attributable, are exempt 
from Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless: 
(i) 
the share capital of the beneficial owner is more than 25 per cent. directly or indirectly held by 
Portuguese resident entities (the exemption will still apply even if the non-resident entity is held 
in more than 25 per cent. by Portuguese resident entities provided that the seller meets all the 
following requirements (A) is resident in another EU Member State or any State with whom 
Portugal has concluded a double tax treaty which foresees the exchange of information mechanism; 
(B) is liable to a tax mentioned in Article 2 of the Council Directive 2011/96/EU of 30 November 
or a tax with similar nature to Corporate Income Tax, provided that the applicable legal rate is not 
lower than 60 per cent. of the Portuguese standard Corporate Income Tax rate; (C) is not part of 
an artificial structure created with the sole or principal objective of obtaining tax advantages); or 
(ii) 
whenever the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more 
favourable tax regime included in the list approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) No. 150/2004 
of 13 February (as amended from time to time). Where the exemption does not apply, the 
respective gains will then be subject to Corporate Income Tax at a rate of 25 per cent. Under the 
tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the 
applicable rules should be confirmed on a case-by-case basis. 
Stamp Tax at a rate of 10 per cent. applies to the acquisition of Notes through gift or inheritance by an 
individual who is domiciled in Portugal. An exemption applies to transfers in favour of the spouse, 
parents/grandparents and children. 
On the other hand, gratuitous transfers of Notes in favour of a Portuguese resident corporate entity, or of a 
non-resident corporate entity acting through a Portuguese permanent establishment, both subject to 
Corporate Income Tax, are exempt from Stamp Tax. However, such gratuitous transfers will trigger at the 
Portuguese beneficiary's level, a positive variation in the company's net worth (variação patrimonial 
positiva), the same being taxable for Corporate Income Tax purposes at the standard 21 per cent. rate (if 
the taxpayers are small or medium enterprises or a Small Mid Cap enterprise as established in Decree-Law 
no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, a reduced 17 per cent. rate applies over taxable profits up to EUR 50 
thousand). As referred to above, in addition to such taxation a municipal surcharge ("derrama municipal") 
of up to 1.5 per cent. of the beneficiary's taxable profits may be added, as well as a 3 per cent., State surtax 
("derrama estadual") levied on the part of the taxable profits exceeding EUR 1.5 million, 5 per cent. on the 
part of the taxable profits exceeding EUR 7.5 million up to EUR 35 million and a 9 per cent. on the part of 
the taxable profits exceeding EUR 35 million. 
Transfers to a non-resident corporate entity of Notes by gift or at death will not be subject to Portuguese 
Stamp Tax. However, such gratuitous transfers will be subject to Portuguese Corporate Income Tax at the 
standard 25 per cent. tax rate. Notwithstanding, such taxation may be prevented whenever a tax treaty 
applies provided that the same tax treaty expressly grants the State in which the non-resident beneficiary is 
domiciled the exclusive right to tax any income derived from securities issued by Portuguese companies. 
There is neither wealth nor estate tax in Portugal. 
2. 
Tax Treatment of Notes under the Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities 
The regime described in paragraph one above corresponds to the general tax treatment of investment income 
and capital gains on Notes issued by a Portuguese entity, and to the acquisition through gift or inheritance 
of such Notes. 
Nevertheless, pursuant to the Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities, approved by Decree-Law no. 
193/2005, of 7 November (as amended from time to time) (hereafter "the special regime approved by 
Decree-Law no. 193/2005"), investment income and gains on the disposal of debt securities issued by

--- Page 201 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 201 - 
66-41080316 
 
Portuguese resident entities, such as the Notes subscribed by non-resident beneficial owners (individuals 
and corporate entities), are exempt from Portuguese income tax provided that the debt securities are 
integrated in (i) a centralised system recognised under the Portuguese Securities Code and complementary 
legislation and managed by a an entity resident for tax purposes in Portugal (such as the Central de Valores 
Mobiliários, managed by Interbolsa) or (ii) in an international clearing system managed by an entity with 
head-office or place of effective management in an EU Member State or EEA Country provided, in this 
case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation arrangement 
in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the 
EU Member States or (iii) integrated in other centralised systems authorised by the Portuguese Government, 
and the beneficial owners are: 
(i) 
central banks or governmental agencies; or 
(ii) 
international bodies recognised by Portugal; or 
(iii) 
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty in force 
or a tax information exchange in force; or 
(iv) 
other entities without headquarters, head office, place of effective management or a permanent 
establishment in the Portuguese territory to which the income is attributable and which are not 
domiciled in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included 
in the list approved by the Ministerial Order (Portaria) No. 150/2004, of 13 February (as amended 
from time to time). 
The special regime approved by Decree-Law no. 193/2005 (as amended from time to time) sets out the 
detailed rules and procedures to be followed on the proof of non-residence of the beneficial owners of the 
Notes. 
Under these procedures (which are aimed at verifying the non-resident status of the Noteholders), each 
Noteholder is required to hold the Notes through an account with one of the following entities: 
(i) 
A direct registered entity, which is an entity affiliated with the clearing system recognised by the 
Portuguese Securities Code; 
(ii) 
An indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the direct registered entities, 
is a client of the latter; or 
(iii) 
Entities managing an international clearing system, which are entities operating with the 
international market to clear and settle securities transactions. 
Under the above mentioned set of rules, the direct register entity (i.e. the entity affiliated to the centralised 
system where the securities are integrated), as the entity holding the relevant account with the relevant 
centralised system in which the Notes are integrated, will be under the obligation to obtain and keep proof, 
in the form described below, that the relevant beneficial owner is a non-resident entity that is entitled to the 
exemption. The evidence of non-residence status must be provided to, and received by, the direct 
registration entity prior to (i) the relevant date on which the interest coupon is paid, and (ii) the respective 
redemption date, or prior to the transfer of Notes' date, as the case may be. 
The following is a general description of the rules and procedures on the proof required for the exemption 
to apply at source, as they stand on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(a) 
Domestic Cleared Notes – held through a direct or indirect registered entity 
Direct registered entities are required, for purposes of Decree-Law no. 193/2005 (as 
amended from time to time), to register the Noteholders in one of two accounts: (A) an 
exempt account or (B) a non-exempt account. 
The beneficial owner of Notes must provide proof of non-residence in Portuguese territory 
substantially in the terms set forth below: 
(i) 
If the beneficial owner of the Notes is a central bank, an international body 
recognised as such by the Portuguese Republic, or a public law entity and

--- Page 202 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 202 - 
66-41080316 
 
respective agencies, a declaration of tax residence issued by the beneficial owner 
of the Notes itself, duly signed and authenticated or proof pursuant to paragraph 
(iv) below. The corresponding proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided 
once, without any periodical renewal obligation. However, the beneficial owner 
should immediately inform the direct registered entity of any change that may 
prevent the tax exemption from applying. 
(ii) 
If the beneficial owner of the Notes is a credit institution, a financial company, a 
pension fund or an insurance company, domiciled in any OECD country or in a 
country with which Portugal has entered into a double taxation treaty, the 
respective certification shall be made by providing the following documentation: 
(a) its tax identification or (b) a tax certificate issued by the entity responsible for 
its supervision or registration confirming the legal existence of the beneficial 
owner of the Notes and its domicile; or proof of non-residence status pursuant to 
paragraph (iv) below. The corresponding proof of non-residence in Portugal is 
provided once, without any periodical renewal obligation. However, the 
beneficial owner should immediately inform the direct registered entity of any 
change that may prevent the tax exemption from applying. 
(iii) 
If the beneficial owner of the Notes is either an investment fund, or another type 
of collective investment undertaking, domiciled in any OECD country or in a 
country with which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty or an agreement 
for exchange of information regarding tax matters, certification shall be provided 
by means of any of the following documents: declaration issued by the entity 
which is responsible for its registration or supervision or by the tax authorities, 
confirming its legal existence, the law of incorporation and domicile; or by proof 
of non-residence status pursuant to paragraph (iv) below. The corresponding 
proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, without any periodical 
renewal obligation. However, the beneficial owner should immediately inform 
the direct registered entity of any change that may prevent the tax exemption from 
applying. 
(iv) 
In any other case (i.e., other investors), confirmation must be made by way of 
providing a certificate of residence, or equivalent document, issued by the 
relevant tax authorities; or by providing a document issued by the relevant 
Portuguese consulate certifying the beneficial owner's residence abroad; or a 
document specifically issued by a public administration entity (either central, 
regional or peripheral, indirect or autonomous) of the relevant country certifying 
the non-residence status and existence of the respective beneficial owner. 
In addition to the above mentioned documentation, Decree-Law no. 193/2005 also sets 
out specific rules to be followed in order to assure the authenticity and validity of the 
documents mentioned in paragraph (iv) above, in particular that the beneficial owner of 
the Notes must provide an original, or a certified copy of the respective residence 
certificate or equivalent document. This document must be issued up until three months 
after the date on which the withholding tax would have been applied and will be valid for 
a three-year period starting on the date such document is issued. The beneficial owner of 
the Notes must always inform the direct registered entity of any change of his respective 
status that may prevent the tax exemption from applying. 
(b) 
Internationally Cleared Notes – held through an entity managing an international 
clearing system 
If the Notes are registered in an account held through an entity managing an international 
clearing system recognised by the Portuguese Minister of Finance (such as Euroclear, or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg), and the management entity of such international clearing 
system undertakes not to provide registration services (i) to residents for tax purposes in 
Portugal which do not benefit from either an exemption from Portuguese taxation, or an 
exemption from Portuguese withholding tax, as well as (ii) to non-resident entities for tax 
purposes which do not benefit from the above Portuguese income tax exemption; special 
rules apply regarding the documentation to be provided. In such case, on each interest

--- Page 203 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 203 - 
66-41080316 
 
payment date, the necessary proof of non-residence will be made through documents 
provided by the respective beneficial owners to the direct register entity or to its 
Portuguese appointed representative, whenever the former is a non-resident for tax 
purposes in Portugal, and with respect to all accounts under its management, broken down 
by the following categories of beneficiaries: 
(i) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which the income is attributable, which are non-
exempt and subject to withholding tax; 
(ii) 
Entities resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more 
favourable tax regime included in the list approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) 
No. 150/2004 of 13 February (as amended from time to time) which are non-
exempt and subject to withholding tax; 
(iii) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which the income is attributable, which are exempt 
from or not subject to withholding tax;  
(iv) 
Other entities which do not have residence, headquarters, effective management 
or permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income is attributable. 
In each interest payment date, the following information regarding the beneficiaries 
referred in a), b) and c) above shall also be communicated: 
• 
Name and address; 
• 
Tax identification number, if applicable; 
• 
Identification and quantity of the Notes held; and 
• 
Amount of income paid on the Notes. 
The information above may be communicated in any format, provided that is made 
available to the Portuguese tax authorities whenever it is required. 
If the conditions for the exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient 
information, tax was withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the special 
regime approved by Decree Law No. 193/2005 (as amended from time to time). The 
refund claim is to be submitted by the Noteholder to the direct register entity, to its 
Portuguese appointed representative (whenever the direct registering entity is a non-
Portuguese resident) or to the indirect registering entity (the latter will forward the claim 
to the former) within six months from the date in which the tax was unduly withheld. A 
special tax form for these purposes was approved and must be used (form 25-RFI, 
available at www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt). 
After the six month period has elapsed, the refund of tax unduly withheld is to be claimed 
from the Portuguese tax authorities within two years counted from the end of the year in 
which the tax was unduly withheld. 
The absence of evidence of non-residence in respect to any non-resident entity which 
benefits from the above mentioned tax exemption regime, shall result in the loss of the tax 
exception and consequent submission to the above applicable Portuguese general tax 
provisions. 
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the special regime approved by 
Decree-Law no. 193/2005 if the above rules and procedures are not followed. 
Accordingly, the general Portuguese tax provisions shall apply as described above.

--- Page 204 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 204 - 
66-41080316 
 
The Netherlands 
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in force as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary neither purports to 
be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, 
hold or dispose of a Note nor purports to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, the term "entity" means a 
corporation as well as any other person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below it is assumed that an 
individual or non-resident entity holding a Note neither has nor will have a substantial interest, or - in the 
case of a holder of a Note being an entity - a deemed substantial interest, in an Issuer and that a connected 
person (verbonden persoon) to the holder of a Note neither has nor will have a substantial interest in an 
Issuer. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, either 
alone or together with the individual's partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have or (b) certain 
relatives of such individual or the individual's partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have (i) 
the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5 per cent. 
or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued and outstanding 
capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit 
participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit or the 
liquidation proceeds of such company. 
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity, directly or 
indirectly has (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares 
representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the 
issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain 
rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the 
annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company. Generally, a non-resident entity has a deemed 
substantial interest in a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part 
of a substantial interest on a non-recognition basis. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of a Note, an individual holding a Note or an entity holding a Note, 
such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic interest 
in such Note or otherwise being regarded as owning a Note for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted that for 
purposes of Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third party such 
as a trustee, foundation or similar entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settlor, grantor 
or similar originator or the beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Where the summary refers to "The Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Prospective investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of their acquiring, 
holding and disposing of a Note. 
1. 
WITHHOLDING TAX 
All payments of principal and interest made by the Issuers under the Notes can be made without 
withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by 
The Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, save that Dutch 
withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest by REN B.V. (or, with respect 
to payments by REN, to the extent such payments are attributable to a permanent establishment of 
it in The Netherlands, if any) made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of REN B.V. or REN, as the 
case may be, if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed 
in the annually updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions 
for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor 
belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which

--- Page 205 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 205 - 
66-41080316 
 
the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of 
the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient 
of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) 
entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere 
(also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a 
participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the 
reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on one (or 
more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to the participant directly, all within 
the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
2. 
TAXES ON INCOME AND CAPITAL GAINS 
Residents 
Resident entities 
An entity holding a Note which is or is deemed to be a resident in The Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate tax purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate 
tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived from a Note at the prevailing statutory rates (up 
to 25.8 per cent. in 2024). 
Resident individuals 
An individual holding a Note who is or is deemed to be a resident in The Netherlands for Dutch 
income tax purposes will generally be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital 
gain derived from a Note at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.5 per cent. in 2024) if: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives 
profits (other than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities ("belastbaar 
resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden") as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, 
active asset management ("normaal, actief vermogensbeheer"). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, the individual will in principle be subject to Dutch income 
tax on the basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from 
the Notes. For the fiscal year 2024, separate deemed return percentages for savings, debts and 
investments apply, 6.04 per cent. for the category investments (including the Notes), as at the 
beginning of the relevant fiscal year. The applicable percentages should be updated annually on 
the basis of historic market yields.  
However, based on rulings of the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) of 6 June 2024, the current 
system of taxation based on a deemed return per category of assets is in conflict with European 
law if the deemed return applicable to the relevant investments exceeds the actual return in the 
respective calendar year. Awaiting new legislation in this regard, it is expected that if the individual 
demonstrates that the actual return – calculated in accordance with the guidelines of the Dutch 
Supreme Court – is lower than the applicable deemed return, the taxable basis should be that lower 
amount. 
The individual's taxable income from savings and investments (including the Notes) for 2024 will 
be taxed at the prevailing statutory rate (36 per cent. in 2024). 
Non-residents 
A holder of a Note which is not and is not deemed to be a resident in The Netherlands for the 
relevant tax purposes will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from 
the Note, unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either 
effectively managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment 
("vaste inrichting") or a permanent representative ("vaste vertegenwoordiger") taxable in

--- Page 206 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 206 - 
66-41080316 
 
The Netherlands and the holder derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of 
the holding of securities); or 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from 
miscellaneous activities ("belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden") in The 
Netherlands as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), 
including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management 
("normaal, actief vermogensbeheer"). 
3. 
GIFT AND INHERITANCE TAXES 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Note by way 
of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of a Note, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of a Note is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of 
the relevant provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, 
at the time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the 
purpose of the relevant provisions. 
4. 
VALUE ADDED TAX 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of a Note in respect of payments in 
consideration for the issue or acquisition of the Notes, payments of principal or interest under the 
Notes, or payments in consideration for a disposal of the Notes. 
5. 
OTHER TAXES AND DUTIES 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in The 
Netherlands by a holder of a Note in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or 
enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of The 
Netherlands) of the Notes or the performance of the Issuers' obligations under the Notes. 
6. 
RESIDENCE 
A holder of a Note will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch 
tax purposes and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise be subject to Dutch 
taxation, by reason only of acquiring, holding or disposing of a Note or the execution, performance, 
delivery and/or enforcement of a Note. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State.

--- Page 207 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 207 - 
66-41080316 
 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number 
of jurisdictions (including the jurisdictions of the Issuers) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. 
Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further 
Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as 
a result of the withholding.

--- Page 208 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 208 - 
66-41080316 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (the "Programme Agreement") dated 12 November 2024, 
agreed with the Issuers a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to subscribe 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of Final Terms" and "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers have agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment, and any future update, of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of 
distribution is an agreement between an Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by that 
Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is 
material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement 
between an Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by 
those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the 
obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and 
addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of 
that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers 
has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
It is expected that CaixaBank, S.A., through an agreement with Banco BPI, S.A., will take part in the 
marketing activities and distribution of the Notes, although it is not, and will not, be party to the Programme 
Agreement or the relevant Subscription Agreement, and it will not receive any commission from any of the 
Issuers. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement prior to the 
closing of the issue of such Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered 
or met to their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of such 
Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or the relevant Dealers in 
respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells 
any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 209 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 209 - 
66-41080316 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II");  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "an offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Non-Exempt Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member 
State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer;  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation; 
or  
(d) 
if the Member State is Ireland or Portugal provided that the offer is made in the manner and during 
the period contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation to the 
Notes, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable" each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the

--- Page 210 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 210 - 
66-41080316 
 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms thereto in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision,  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) 
the expression "an offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Non-Exempt Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of 
the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act `2000 (the 
"FSMA")) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in 
which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer; and

--- Page 211 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 211 - 
66-41080316 
 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form 
on which interest does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings 
certificates or spaarbewijzen as defined in The Netherlands Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
spaarbewijzen, the "SCA")) may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or 
into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. 
with due observance of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include 
registration requirements). No such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such 
Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the 
conduct of a profession or business and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are physically issued 
outside The Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter distributed in The Netherlands. 
In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the 
issue and transfer of and payments on Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with.  
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no 
interest is due whatsoever.  
Portugal 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that the Notes may not be and will not be 
offered to the public in Portugal under circumstances which are deemed to be a public offer under the 
Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários "CVM") enacted by Decree Law No. 486/99 
of 13 November 1999 (as amended from time to time) unless the requirements and provisions applicable to 
the public offerings in Portugal are met and registration, filing, approval or recognition procedure with the 
Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, "CMVM") is 
made. In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Programme Dealer or Issue 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that (i) it has not directly or 
indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed invited to subscribe, gathered investment 
intentions, sold or delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, invite to 
subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Notes in circumstances which 
could qualify as a public offer ("oferta pública") of securities pursuant to the CVM, notably in 
circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal 
or having permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be; and (ii) it has not 
distributed, made available or caused to be distributed and will not distribute, make available or cause to 
be distributed the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes to the public in 
Portugal other than in compliance with all applicable provisions of the CVM, the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
and any applicable CMVM Regulations and all relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any 
such case that may be applicable to it in respect of any offer or sale of Notes by it in Portugal or to 
individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent establishment located in Portuguese 
territory, as the case may be, including compliance with rules and regulations that require the publication 
of a Base Prospectus, when applicable, and that such placement shall only be authorised and performed to 
the extent that there is full compliance with such laws and regulations.  
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not 
be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law (as amended from time to time) (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it 
has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, 
the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information

--- Page 212 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 212 - 
66-41080316 
 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948 (as amended) the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan, or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")), pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, 
(i) 
no Notes may be publicly offered, sold, advertised or marketed, directly or indirectly, in or into 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act dated 15 June 2018, as amended 
("FinSA"), except to (y) any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of 
the FinSA, or (z) in any other circumstances falling within article 36 of the FinSA, provided that, in 
each case, no such offer of Notes shall require the publication of a prospectus and/or the publication 
of a key information document ("KID") (or an equivalent document) pursuant to the FinSA, and no 
application has or will be made to admit any Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland;  
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to either Issuer or 
the Notes (y) constitutes a prospectus or a KID (or an equivalent document) pursuant to the FinSA 
or (z) has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant to article 52 of the 
FinSA; and  
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to either Issuer or 
any Notes may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland in a manner which would 
require the publication of a prospectus or a KID (or an equivalent document) in Switzerland pursuant 
to the FinSA. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to

--- Page 213 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 213 - 
66-41080316 
 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuers 
nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuers and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 214 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 214 - 
66-41080316 
 
GENERAL CONSENT – THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS 
These terms (the "Authorised Offeror Terms") will be relevant in the case of any Tranche of Notes, if 
(and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable". They are 
the Authorised Offeror Terms which will be referred to in the "Acceptance Statement" to be published on 
the website of any financial intermediary which (a) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID and (b) 
accepts such offer by publishing an Acceptance Statement on its website. 
1. 
General 
The relevant financial intermediary: 
(a) 
Applicable Rules: acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of 
any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules") including, without limitation and in each case, Rules 
relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and 
disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(b) 
Subscription and sale: complies with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this 
Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a relevant Dealer and with any further relevant 
requirements as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms including to comply with the target 
market and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product governance" legend set 
out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
Fees, commissions and benefits: ensures that any fee, commission, benefits of any kind, rebate 
received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does not 
violate the Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(d) 
Licences, consents, approvals and permissions: holds all licences, consents, approvals and 
permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes 
under the Rules; 
(e) 
Violation of Rules: it will immediately inform the Issuers and any relevant Dealer if at any relevant 
time it becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules; 
(f) 
Anti-money laundering, bribery and corruption: complies with, and takes appropriate steps in 
relation to, applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, prevention of corruption and "know 
your client" Rules, and does not permit any application for Notes in circumstances where the 
financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the purchase monies; 
(g) 
Record-keeping: retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules, make 
such records available to the Issuers and the relevant Dealer or directly to the appropriate 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuers and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuers 
and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and "know your 
client" Rules applying to the Issuers and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(h) 
Breach of Rules: does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuers or the relevant Dealer to breach 
any Rule or subject the Issuers or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any 
filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(i) 
Notice of violation: immediately gives notice to the Issuers and the relevant Dealer if at any time 
it becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules or the terms of this sub-
paragraph, and takes all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules 
and this sub-paragraph in all respects; 
(j) 
Information: does not give any information other than that contained in this Base Prospectus (as 
may be amended or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) or make any representation in 
connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest in, the Notes; 
(k) 
Communications: agrees that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise includes any 
announcement published by the Issuer at the end of the Offer Period will be consistent with the 
Base Prospectus, and (in any case) must be fair, clear and not misleading and in compliance with

--- Page 215 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 215 - 
66-41080316 
 
the Rules and must state that such Authorised Offeror has provided it independently from the Issuer 
and must expressly confirm that the Issuer has not accepted any responsibility for the content of 
any such communication; 
(l) 
Legal or publicity names: does not use the legal or publicity names of the relevant Dealer(s), any 
Issuer or any other name, brand or logo registered by any entity within their respective groups or 
any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in any statements (oral or 
written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the Notes; and 
(m) 
Any other conditions: agrees to any other conditions set out in paragraph 8(vi) of Part B of the 
relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Indemnity 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that if either of the Issuers incurs any liability, damages, 
cost, loss or expense (including, without limitation, legal fees, costs and expenses and any value 
added tax thereon) (a "Loss") arising out of, in connection with or based on any inaccuracy of any 
of the foregoing representations and warranties or any breach of any of the foregoing undertakings 
then the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the relevant Issuer on demand an amount equal 
to such Loss. 
3. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that: 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuers and the financial intermediary formed upon acceptance by the 
financial intermediary of the offer of the Issuers to use this Base Prospectus with their consent in 
connection with the relevant Non-Exempt Public Offer (the "Authorised Offeror Contract"), and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law; 
(b) 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out 
of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) and 
accordingly the relevant financial intermediary submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English 
courts; 
(c) 
each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, be entitled 
to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are expressed to be, 
for their benefit but, subject to this, a person who is not a party to the Authorised Offeror Contract 
has no right to enforce any term of the Authorised Offeror Contract; and 
(d) 
the parties to the Authorised Offeror Contract do not require the consent of any person not a party 
to the Authorised Offeror Contract to rescind or vary the Authorised Offeror Contract at any time.

--- Page 216 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 216 - 
66-41080316 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
The Issuer considers the following metrics to constitute Alternative Performance Measures as defined in 
the ESMA Guidelines introduced on 3 July 2016 (ESMA Guidelines) on Alternative Performance Measures, 
that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS-EU. 
The Issuer considers that these metrics provide useful information for investors, securities analysts and 
other interested parties in order to better understand the Group's business, financial position, profitability, 
results of operations, the quality of its loan portfolio, the amount of equity per share and their progression 
over time. 
Such measures should, however, not be considered as a substitute to profit or loss attributable to the Group 
or any other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS-EU or as an alternative to cash flow 
from operating, investing and financing activities as a measure of the Group's liquidity. 
Other companies in the industry may calculate similarly titled measures differently, such that disclosure of 
similarly titled measures by other companies may not be comparable with that of the Issuer and the 
Consumer Finance Group. Investors are advised to review these alternative performance measures in 
conjunction with the Group's audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Terms relating to profitability and return on investment measure the ratio of results on capital, assets and 
risk weighted assets in accordance with the definitions set out in the table below. 
Terms relating to the non-performance of loans measure the quality of the loan portfolio and the percentage 
of the non-performing portfolio that is covered by provisions for defaults, in accordance with the definitions 
set out in the table below. 
Alternative Performance Measures: 
RoR 
RoR (Rate of Return) is the rate established by the regulator to calculate REN's return on the regulated 
asset base. The rate of return is one of the major drivers of REN's regulated revenues. 
At the beginning of each regulatory period, the rate of return is calculated by the regulator as a Weighted 
Average Cost of Capital (WACC), nominal, pre-tax, and its evolution is indexed to the 10 years Portuguese 
Treasury bond yields, subject to a cap and a floor. 
The regulator defines different rates of return for the different types of REN's regulated assets (see 
Electricity base RoR and Natural Gas RoR). 
Electricity base RoR 
Electricity base RoR is the rate of return of electricity assets without premium. Its starting point, as well 
as its upper and lower limits, are defined at the beginning of each electricity regulatory period and its 
evolution is indexed to the ten-year Portuguese Government bond yields. 
 
Year ended 31 
December 2022 
Year ended 31 
December 2023 
6 months ended 
30 June 2024 
Electricity base RoR 
4.75% 
5.27% 
5.25% 
 
Natural Gas RoR 
Natural Gas RoR is the rate of return of REN's natural gas assets infrastructures. Similarly to electricity 
RoR, its starting point, as well as its upper and lower limits, are defined at the beginning of each natural 
gas regulatory period and its evolution is indexed to the ten-year Portuguese Government bond yields. The 
RoR of distribution business is greater than for gas transmission by 40 basis points (20 basis points until 
2023).

--- Page 217 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 217 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
Year ended  
31 December 2022 
Year ended  
31 December 2023 
6 months ended 
30 June 2024 
Transmission Natural Gas RoR 
5.29% 
5.70% 
5.27% 
Distribution Natural Gas RoR 
5.49% 
5.90% 
5.67% 
 
CAPEX 
CAPEX (Capital Expenditures) refers to the amount spent by REN in order to build/purchase new assets, 
or upgrade the existing ones, plus capitalised own works. Capex is a measure of the investment in the asset 
base and is a leading indicator for the growth of regulated asset base, over which the remuneration is 
calculated. The remuneration of the investment is the main driver of allowed revenues. In this way, Capex 
is used by REN's management in order to assess the organic growth in its existing businesses. Note that 
REN doesn't include the amounts spent in M&A operations in the capex indicator. 
According to the international accounting standard IFRIC 12, the construction of infrastructure by the 
operator, arising from the concession arrangements, is a service that it provides to the grantor. 
Consequently, both the income and costs are recognised in the income statement. Accordingly, the 
operator's construction expenses (capex at external direct costs) are recorded as operating costs against the 
record as income of the operator's capex at total cost (after addition of own works capitalised on 
investment). Capex also includes other capital expenses, namely regarding assets in Chile (reflecting 
Transemel's acquisition in October of 2019). 
The tables below show the reconciliation of capex with statutory accounts. 
Values in EUR million 
Year ended 
31 December 2022 
Year ended 
31 December 2023 
6 months ended 
30 June 2024 
+ Revenue from construction of concession assets 
197.420 
296.123 
129.634 
+ Other expenses  
4.120 
5.390 
5.774 
Capex 
201.540 
301.512 
135.408 
 
 
 
 
 
Values in EUR million 
 
Year ended 
31 December 2022 
 
Year ended 
31 December 2023 
 
6 months ended 
30 June 2024 
+ Cost with construction of concession assets 
175.095 
267.810 
114.773 
+ Own works capitalised: financial expenses 
2.788 
5.976 
3.368 
+ Own works capitalised: overhead and management 
costs 
19.975 
22.788 
11.778 
+ Other expenses (excludes own works) 
3.681 
4.938 
5.489 
Capex 
201.540 
301.512 
135.408 
 
OPEX 
OPEX (Operating Expenditures) is a measure of the costs associated with the company's operating 
activities. The opex is other important driver of allowed revenues that have been subject to a Revenue-Cap 
mechanism. In this sense, as REN's management strives to accomplish the efficiency targets imposed by 
the regulator in order to not prejudice REN's financial performance, the opex indicator is regularly 
monitored. 
Operating expenditures are a management indicator, which are calculated as the sum of the Cost of Goods 
Sold, External Supplies and Services, Personnel Costs and Other Expenses, including the effect of 
provisions for staff costs. The reconciliation of operating expenditures for 2022, 2023 and the six months 
ended 30 June 2024 are as follows. 
Values in EUR million 
Year ended  
31 December 2022 
Year ended  
31 December 2023 
6 months ended  
30 June 2024 
+ Cost of Goods Sold 
0.901 
1.008 
0.445 
+ External Supplies and Services 
82.516 
115.453 
46.480 
+ Personnel Costs 
58.519 
63.980 
33.669

--- Page 218 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 218 - 
66-41080316 
 
Values in EUR million 
Year ended  
31 December 2022 
Year ended  
31 December 2023 
6 months ended  
30 June 2024 
+ Other Expenses 
14.988 
21.719 
13.159 
+ Other 
0.511 
0.641 
0.000 
Opex 
157.434 
202.800 
93.754 
 
EBIT 
EBIT (Earnings before Interest and Taxes) measures the company's income without considering debt 
interests and taxes. By excluding the effect of interest and tax expenses, EBIT focuses on the company's 
ability to generate earnings from its operations. Given that, EBIT is used to measure the company's 
operational performance as a proxy for operating results. 
EBIT is calculated by adding to the operating results the effect of the revenues from the interconnection 
capacity auctions between Spain and Portugal, known as FTRs (Financial Transaction Rights), which are 
classified as financial income in the statutory accounts. The reconciliation of EBIT for 2022, 2023 and the 
six months ended 30 June 2024 are shown in the table below. 
Values in EUR million 
Year ended  
31 December 2022 
Year ended  
31 December 2023 
6 months ended  
30 June 2024 
+ Operating results 
239.721 
263.723 
128.586 
+/- FTRs 
-1.690 
-2.904 
2.730 
EBIT 
238.031 
260.820 
131.316 
 
EBITDA 
EBITDA (Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation) is an indicator that measures the 
REN's income before deducting debt interests, taxes, depreciations and amortisations. As EBITDA ignores 
the impact of interest and tax expenses as well as the impact of depreciation and amortisation, which have 
no effect on cash outflow and are dependent on the size of the asset base, this indicator is widely used by 
management and analysts to measure the operational performance of the company and compare it with 
peers. 
EBITDA is calculated by adding back the depreciations and amortisations to the operating results adjusted 
by the effect of the revenues from the interconnection capacity auctions between Spain and Portugal, known 
as FTRs (Financial Transaction Rights), which are classified as financial income in the statutory accounts. 
The reconciliation of EBITDA for 2022, 2023 and the six months ended 30 June 2024 are shown in the 
table below. 
Values in EUR million 
Year ended  
31 December 2022 
Year ended  
31 December 2023 
6 months ended  
30 June 2024 
+ Operating results 
239.721 
263.723 
128.586 
+ Depreciation and amortisations 
249.276 
253.202 
126.463 
+/- FTRs 
-1.690 
-2.904 
2.730 
EBITDA 
487.307 
514.022 
257.779 
 
Recurrent net income 
Recurrent net income is defined by the net profit of the company excluding the non-recurring items of the 
period under analysis. An item is considered as non-recurring if it is one-off or extraordinary amount at 
current activity of REN. This indicator allows management, analysts and investors to compare the 
performance of the company over time, only considering the items that are fully comparable with each 
other.

--- Page 219 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 219 - 
66-41080316 
 
Recurrent net income is calculated by subtracting the non-recurring items to the net profit. The 
reconciliation of recurrent net income for 2022, 2023 and the six months ended 30 June 2024 is as follows. 
Values in EUR million 
Year ended  
31 December 2022 
Year ended 
 31 December 2023 
6 months ended 
30 June 2024 
+ Net profit 
111.771 
149.236 
48.597 
+ Recovery of income taxes from previous years 
-3.116 
-1.759 
-1.055 
+ Non-recurring fiscal effect related to the capitalisation 
of operational companies 
0.000 
-18.583 
0.000 
+ Correction of revenues from previous years in  
Transemel 
0.000  
-3.850 
0.000  
Recurrent net income 
108.655 
125.044 
47.542 
 
Financial results adjusted 
Financial results adjusted refer to the financial results excluding the effect of the revenues from the 
interconnection capacity auctions between Spain and Portugal, known as FTRs (Financial Transaction 
Rights), which are classified as financial income in the statutory accounts. This indicator measures the 
ability of the company to manage its debt expenses, adding the effect of the financial income and the 
dividends received from associated companies. 
The reconciliation of financial results adjusted for 2022, 2023 and the six months ended 30 June 2024 are 
as follows. 
Values in EUR million 
Year ended  
31 December 2022 
Year ended  
31 December 2023 
6 months ended  
30 June 2024 
+ Financial results 
-45.668 
-43.476 
-24.980 
+/- FTRs 
1.690 
2.904 
-2.730 
Financial Results adjusted 
-43.977 
-40.573 
-27.711 
 
Operating cash flow 
Operating cash flow aims to measure the amount of cash generated by REN's operations, before deducting 
capital, debt and tax expenditures and dividends payment. REN's management uses this indicator to 
compare the strength of REN's operations cash flows over time. 
Operating cash flow can be obtained by direct method or indirect method. Under the direct method, the 
operating cash flow includes the amounts for cash from customers, cash paid to suppliers, cash paid to 
employees and other receipts/payments relating to operating activities. 
In contrast, in indirect method, the operating cash flow is estimated excluding from EBITDA the relevant 
non-cash items, such as own works capitalised and other relevant cash items that don't come directly from 
operations, such as the cash inflow from the sale of REN's stakes in associate companies (Recognition of 
investments subsidies in profit and loss). 
The reconciliation of operating cash flow for 2022, 2023 and the six months ended 30 June 2024 is shown 
in the table below. For detailed analysis regarding EBITDA reconciliation with statutory accounts, please 
see EBITDA. 
Values in EUR million 
Year ended  
31 December 2022 
Year ended  
31 December 2023 
6 months ended 
30 June 2024 
EBITDA 
487.307 
514.022 
257.779 
- Own works capitalised: financial expenses 
-2.788 
-5.976 
-3.368 
- Own works capitalised: overhead and management costs 
-19.975 
-22.788 
-11.778 
- Recognition of investment subsidies in profit and loss 
-18.279 
-19.168 
9.134 
Operating cash flow 
446.265 
466.090 
251.768

--- Page 220 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 220 - 
66-41080316 
 
Net Debt/EBITDA 
Net Debt/EBITDA is defined as the net debt divided by EBITDA (for further details regarding net debt 
and/or EBITDA, please see Net Debt, and EBITDA, respectively). This ratio is as an indicator of REN's 
credit risk and it is regularly monitored by REN's management. The lower the Net Debt/EBITDA ratio, the 
stronger is the position of the company to pay its debt from its EBITDA. 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2023 
6 months ended 30 
June 20241 
Net Debt/EBITDA 
4.2 
5.3 
5.2 
 
Dividend per share 
Dividend per share is defined as the dividends to shareholders of accumulated reserves proposed and 
approved by REN's Board of Directors to the General Shareholders Meeting divided by REN's total shares. 
EUR /share 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2023 
6 months ended 
30 June 2024 
Dividend per share 
0.154 
0.1542 
Not applicable 
 
Dividend yield 
Dividend yield is defined as the dividend per share divided by the indicated price per share. The indicator 
measures the attractiveness of REN's shares and allows REN's management, investors and analysts to 
compare it with national and international peers. 
 
2022 
 2023 
6 months ended  
30 June 2024 
Dividend yield 
6.1% 
6.6% 
Not applicable 
 
Net Debt 
Net debt is calculated as gross debt (including current and non-current borrowings as presented in the 
consolidated statement of financial position), adjusted by the amounts of cash and cash equivalents and 
hedge derivatives. 
The reconciliation of Net Debt as at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2023 and 30 June 2024 is shown in 
the table below. 
Values in EUR million 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2023 
30 June 2024 
Gross debt 
2,334.3 
2,733.6 
2,671.0 
- Minus hedging swaps 
74.7 
-55.2 
-44.9 
- Minus cash and cash equivalents 
365.3 
40.1 
36.1 
Net Debt 
2,043.7 
2,748.7 
2,679.8 
 
Liquidity 
The Group measures Liquidity as the total of cash and cash equivalents and undrawn long and short-term 
committed credit facilities; these correspond to facilities granted by financial institutions, which may be 
drawn down by the company in instalments. 
The reconciliation of liquidity as at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2023 and 30 June 2024 is shown in 
the table below. 
 
1 For the six month period ended 30 June 2024, the annualised EBITDA for the half year is being considered 
2 According to the proposed allocation of Net income of 2022 and 2023.

--- Page 221 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 221 - 
66-41080316 
 
Values in EUR million 
Year ended 
31 December 2022 
Year ended  
31 December 2023 
6 months ended 
30 June 2024 
Cash and cash equivalents 
365 
40 
36 
Undrawn Commercial Paper  
600 
300 
363 
Undrawn other credit facilities 
905 
915 
915 
Liquidity 
1,870 
1,255 
1,314 
Average cost of debt 
The Group measures the average cost of debt as the debt related interest charges, including the credit 
margin, the cost of hedging instruments and liquidity cost, divided by the weighted average nominal 
financial debt of the current period. 
Enterprise Value (EV): 
Enterprise Value (EV) is a measure of the company's total value which is estimated by the sum of the 
equity and debt market values. This indicator provides a more accurate evaluation of the firm's value 
compared to Market Capitalisation which only takes into consideration the equity market value. 
Earnings per share (EPS): 
Earnings per share (EPS) is defined as the net income divided by the number of outstanding shares of 
common stock. This indicator is widely used by REN's management, investors and analysts as a measure 
of the company's profitability. 
 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
6 months ended 
30 June 2024 
Earnings per share 
0.17 
0.22 
0.07 
 
Payout Ratio: 
Payout Ratio is defined as the earnings paid out divided by the net income. The indicator measures the 
percentage of net income that is distributed as dividends to the shareholders, and it is used by REN's 
management, investors and analysts to assess the sustainability of the company's dividend policy. 
 
Year ended  
31 December 2022 
Year ended  
31 December 2023 
Payout Ratio 
91.9% 
68.8%1 
 
Total Shareholder Return (TSR): 
Total Shareholder Return (TSR) is defined as the combined return to shareholders over a period of time 
arising from changes in stock price and dividends. The TSR is computed as: 
(Price End of period – Price Begin of period + Dividends) / Price Begin of period 
Similarly to Dividend yield, this indicator measures the attractiveness of REN to shareholders and allows 
REN's management, investors and analysts to compare it with peers. 
 
1 According to the proposed allocation of Net income of 2022 and 2023.

--- Page 222 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 222 - 
66-41080316 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
REN dated 23 July 2008 and this update of the Programme has been duly authorised by resolutions of the 
Executive Committee of REN dated 6 November 2024 and by the Board of Directors of REN dated 23 
April 2021, and by the Board of Directors of REN B.V. dated 8 November 2024. Each issue of Notes shall 
be duly authorised by a specific resolution of the relevant Issuer. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on its Regulated Market. Euronext Dublin's Regulated Market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, physical copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection by Holders, Receiptholders and Couponholders 
from the registered office of the Issuers and from the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent 
(following prior written request to the relevant Issue and Paying Agent and the provision of proof of holding 
and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Issue and Paying Agent)) which is, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, in London, and from the specified office of the Portuguese Paying Agent which is, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, in Lisbon and may be viewed at the following websites:  
(a) the constitutional documents (with a direct and accurate English translation thereof) of each of the 
Issuers 
(as 
the 
same 
may 
be 
amended 
from 
time 
to 
time) 
(available 
at 
https://www.ren.pt/media/gr5gxjdz/ren_estatutos.pdf);  
(b) the Trust Deed (including the forms of Global and Definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons) 
(available at https://www.ren.pt/en-gb/investors/debt-and-rating);  
(c) the Agency Agreement (available at https://www.ren.pt/en-gb/investors/debt-and-rating);  
(d) the Interbolsa Instrument (available at https://www.ren.pt/en-gb/investors/debt-and-rating); and  
(e) the Keep Well Agreement (available at https://www.ren.pt/en-gb/investors/debt-and-rating);  
In addition, this Base Prospectus is also available at the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin  
In relation to the documents referred to at (a) above, the Issuers confirm that the translations thereof are 
true and accurate, however, in case of a discrepancy between the original document and the English 
translation thereof, the original document will prevail. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes (other than Book-Entry Notes) have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping records in respect of such Notes). 
The appropriate Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial 
Instrument Short Name (FISN) or Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) in 
relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
Book-Entry Notes will be cleared through the clearing system (CVM) operated by Interbolsa. The 
appropriate identification reference for a Tranche of Book-Entry Notes will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Book-Entry Notes will also be eligible for clearing and settlement through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg holding Notes through a custodian that is an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa.

--- Page 223 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 223 - 
66-41080316 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Porto, Portugal. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuers since 31 December 2023. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuers or performance of the Group 
since 30 June 2024. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuers are aware), which 
may have, or have had during the twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuers. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP has previously been appointed as independent auditor to REN B.V for 
the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. As of 29 June 2024, the auditing activities were 
transferred from Ernst & Young Accountants LLP to EY Accountants B.V. All audit partners of EY 
Accountants B.V. are members of the NBA (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants 
- the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants). 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been audited without qualification for the years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 by Ernst & Young Audit & Associados - SROC S.A. 
members of Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas (Institute of Statutory Auditors). 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuers do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuers and their affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business and for which such Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, 
commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers 
and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market 
risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuers or Issuers' affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject 
to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or 
their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes issued

--- Page 224 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 224 - 
66-41080316 
 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
Third party information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, such information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of 
determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of 
the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of 
the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest 
payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant 
issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of REN is 549300FR1FN48IGHR915. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of REN B.V. is 54930019D5P01WQQZF17. 
Corporate website 
REN's website is www.ren.pt. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuers shall have no obligation to supplement this base prospectus after 
the end of its twelve-month validity period.

--- Page 225 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 225 - 
66-41080316 
 
ISSUERS 
REN-Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. 
Avenida Estados Unidos da América, 55 
1749-061 Lisbon 
Portugal 
REN Finance B.V. 
De Cuserstraat 93, Unit 205 
1081 CN Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
PAYING AGENTS 
Issue and Paying Agent 
Portuguese Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
21 Moorfields 
Av. João XXI, 63 
London EC2Y 9DB 
1000-300 Lisbon 
United Kingdom 
Portugal 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To REN - Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. 
as to Portuguese law 
as to English law 
PLMJ Advogados, SP, RL 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P. 
Av. Fontes Pereira de Melo, 43 
1050-119 Lisbon 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Portugal 
Spain 
To REN Finance B.V. as to Dutch law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1a 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
To the Dealers as to Portuguese law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
Rui Pena, Arnaut & Associados 
One Bishops Square 
Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL 
London E1 6AD 
Rua Castilho 50 
United Kingdom 
1250-071 Lisbon 
Portugal 
LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder 
75 St. Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
To REN - Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. 
To REN B.V. 
Ernst & Young Audit & Associados SROC S.A. 
EY Accountants B.V. 
Avenida da Índia, nº 10, 1º 
Boompjes 258 
1349 - 066 Lisbon 
3011 XZ Rotterdam 
Portugal 
The Netherlands 
 
ARRANGERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
One Molesworth Street 
Av. João XXI, 63 
Dublin 2 
1000-300 Lisbon

--- Page 226 ---
10292444439-v26 
- 226 - 
66-41080316 
 
 
D02 RF29 
Portugal 
Ireland 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco BPI, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Av. Boavista, no. 1117 
Calle Azul 4, 
Edificio Asia Planta 2 
4100-129, Porto 
Madrid 28050 
Spain 
Portugal 
 
 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Av. Prof. Dr. Cavaco Silva (Tagus Park), Edif. 2/Piso 2A 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
2744-002 Porto Salvo 
Portugal 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
 
Spain 
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP PARIBAS 
One Molesworth Street 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
Dublin 2 
75009 Paris  
D02 RF29 
France  
Ireland 
 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Caixa - Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
51 rue La Boétie 
Av. João XXI, 63 
75008 Paris 
1000-300 Lisbon 
France 
Portugal 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Reuterweg 16 
Taunusanlage 12 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Germany 
 
 
Haitong Bank, S.A. 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
Edificio Quartzo 
20 Gresham Street 
Rua Alexandre Herculano 38 
London EC2V 7JE 
1269-180 Lisbon 
Portugal 
United Kingdom 
 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Foppingadreef 7 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
The Netherlands 
Germany 
 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands