--- Page 1 ---
Renault S.A. 
Euro 10,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Due from one month from the date of original issue 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the Programme), Renault S.A. (the Issuer, Renault or Renault S.A.), subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes governed by French law (the Notes). The aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). 
This Base Prospectus received the approval number 21-237 on 18 June 2021 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) and shall be in force for a period of one 
(1) year as of the date of its approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus contains all relevant information concerning the Issuer, the Issuer and its subsidiaries consolidated on a full integration basis (filiales consolidées par 
intégration globale) taken as a whole (the Group, Groupe Renault or the Renault Group) and the base terms and conditions of the Notes to be issued under the Programme, 
together with supplements to this Base Prospectus from time to time (each, a Supplement and together the Supplements). In relation to each Tranche of Notes, the Base 
Prospectus must be read in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus dated 18 June 2020 and any Supplements thereto. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus, for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (EEA) for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instrument Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets (a Regulated Market) published on the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(the ESMA). However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are not admitted to trading on any Regulated Market. The relevant final terms (the Final 
Terms) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant 
Regulated Market. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form (Materialised Notes) as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 and R. 211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) 
inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (Euroclear France) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as 
defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title Redenomination and Currency") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary 
bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream) or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as 
defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of 
the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons 
attached (a Temporary Global Certificate) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for 
Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th calendar day after 
the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes") upon certification as to 
non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Programme has been rated BB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and Ba2 by Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody's). The long term debt of the Issuer 
is rated BB+ with a negative outlook by S&P and Ba2 with a negative outlook by Moody’s. Each of S&P and Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of S&P and Moody's is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Notes will have such rating, if any, as is assigned to them by the relevant rating organisation as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned under the Programme. Tranches of 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating of a Tranche of Notes (if any) will be specified in the Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will 
specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on then prevailing market conditions and will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published on the websites of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) during a period of 
twelve (12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus and (b) the Issuer (www.renault.com). The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market will be published on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org), as the case may be, and (b) the Issuer (www.renault.com). 
Arranger 
Natixis 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Crédit Agricole CIB  
Citigroup 
HSBC  
MUFG 
Natixis 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 June 2021

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus, together with supplements to this Base Prospectus from time to time (each a Supplement), constitutes a 
base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, and contains all relevant information concerning the 
Issuer, the Issuer and its subsidiaries consolidated on a full integration basis (filiales consolidées par intégration globale) taken 
as a whole (the Group or the Renault Group) and the base terms and conditions of the Notes to be issued under the Programme, 
which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the 
Issuer. In relation to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, the Base Prospectus must be read in conjunction with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any document and/or information which is or may be incorporated 
herein by reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") 
and may only be used for the purpose for which is has been published. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has 
been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it 
is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (Regulation S) or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the U.S Internal Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder)). For a description of certain restrictions on offers 
and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution (as amended or superseded, the IDD), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a

--- Page 3 ---
3 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into 
account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, determined by the 
manufacturer(s). Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor as defined in MiFID II) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is 
a manufacturer, as defined in MiFID II, in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any 
of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not an investment firm as defined by MiFID II and will not be a manufacturer in 
respect of any Notes issued under the Programme. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into 
account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance 
with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit: our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not an investment firm as defined by UK MiFIR and will not be a manufacturer in 
respect of any Notes issued under the Programme. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers or the Arranger 
to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, 
with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to

--- Page 4 ---
4 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. 
In this Base Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between totals and the sums of the amounts listed in such table are due 
to rounding.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
General Description of the Programme .............................................................................................................. 6 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 13 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 24 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus .................................................................................................................. 30 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 31 
Temporary Global Certificates Issued in Respect of Materialised Bearer Notes ............................................. 68 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 69 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................... 70 
Recent Events ................................................................................................................................................... 71 
Documents on Display ..................................................................................................................................... 83 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................ 84 
Subscription and Sale ....................................................................................................................................... 86 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................... 92 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 107 
Persons Responsible for the Information Given in this Base Prospectus ....................................................... 112

--- Page 6 ---
6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this 
Base Prospectus. This chapter is subject to the other information provided in this Base Prospectus and is to 
be read as such. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, 
constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings 
in this general description. 
 
Issuer: 
Renault S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
969500F7JLTX36OUI695 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme due from one month from the 
date of original issue (the Programme) 
Arranger: 
Natixis 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, HSBC Continental Europe, MUFG 
Securities (Europe) N.V., Natixis and Société Générale. 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Permanent Dealers are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are 
to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to Euro 10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue of any Notes) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any time (the Programme Limit). The Programme 
Limit may be increased, as provided in the amended and restated 
dealer agreement dated 18 June 2021 (the Dealer Agreement) 
between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger. 
Fiscal Agent and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Calculation 
Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent 
and 
Consolidation Agent: 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will 
be supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental terms and 
conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set 
out in the relevant final terms in relation to such Tranche (the Final 
Terms). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. Dollars, Japanese yen, 
Swiss francs, Sterling, Renminbi, Australian Dollars, Singaporean 
Dollars, Russian Roubles and in any other currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that the Notes admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation shall have a minimum 
specified denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency), or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) will have a 
minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsecured 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari passu without 
any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as 
are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and 
rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes, as set out in 
Condition 4 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative 
Pledge”.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Events of Default: 
There will be events of default in respect of the Notes (including a 
cross-default) as set out in Condition 9 – see “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Events of Default”. 
Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the 
relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless otherwise permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum redemption amount 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional Redemption 
(including Make-Whole 
Redemption): 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption.  
In particular, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will 
have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time 
or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date, at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount. 
 
See Condition 6 “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption, 
Purchase and Options”. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the event that at least 75% of the initial aggregate principal 
amount of a particular Series of Notes (which for the avoidance of 
doubt include any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a 
single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) has 
been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may have the 
option to redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that 
Series at their principal amount together with any interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, at any time or from time to time, as from the 
Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) which shall 
be no earlier than ninety (90) calendar days before the Maturity Date, 
until the Maturity Date, redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes 
then outstanding, at their principal amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Put Option:  
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, 
at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less 
than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the 
Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption including, where applicable, any Arrears 
of Interest.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Redemption at the option of the Issuer”, 
“Optional Redemption (including Make-Whole Redemption)”, 
“Clean-Up Call Option” and “Residual Maturity Call Option” above, 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to their stated 
maturity for tax reasons, as set out in Condition 6(f) - see “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Redemption for Taxation reasons”. 
Taxation: 
 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or 
other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to 
withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the 
Issuer will (subject to certain limited exceptions), to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the 
case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate, or both. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero, unless a higher 
rate is stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will be payable in arrear and will bear interest 
determined separately for each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions 
on 
forward 
financial 
instruments 
as 
supplemented by the FBF Technical Schedules, each as 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française; or 
 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series; or

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
(iii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, €STR or CMS Rate or any 
successor rate or any alternative rate, in each case as adjusted 
for any applicable margin in accordance with the Final Terms.  
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both, provided that in no event will the 
relevant interest amount be less than zero. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent adviser to determine 
a successor or an alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the 
application of an adjustment spread). See Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Benchmark discontinuation”. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) 
that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Redenomination: 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which 
will participate in the single currency of the EU may be redenominated 
into Euro, all as more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Form, Denomination(s), Title Redenomination and Currency” 
below. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series 
as more fully provided in Condition 14(b) - see “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Consolidation”. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised 
Notes) or in materialised form (Materialised Notes). 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
or administered registered form (au nominatif administré). No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes. See Condition 1 “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, 
Denomination(s), Title Redenomination and Currency”.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. A 
Temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each 
Tranche of Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside France. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Clearing Systems: 
(i) Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes and (ii) Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system 
that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer(s) in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable (in the case of 
syndicated issue) or the Euroclear France admission form (in the case 
of a non-syndicated issue) relating to such Tranche shall be deposited 
with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, 
the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche 
shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be delivered 
outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery 
has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Admission to Trading: 
Application may be made for Notes to be issued under the Programme, 
for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval by the 
AMF on this Base Prospectus, to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris. The Notes may also be admitted to trading on any other 
Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation or 
listed on any other stock exchange or market. As specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be or may not be admitted 
to trading and may be unlisted. 
No non-exempt offer: 
The Notes shall not be offered through a non-exempt offer in France 
and/or in any Member State of the EEA. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution 
of offering material in various jurisdictions including the EEA, France, 
the United Kingdom, the United States, Japan, Hong Kong, the 
People's Republic of China, Singapore and Switzerland. See the 
section headed “Subscription and Sale” of this Base Prospectus. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated BB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (S&P) and Ba2 by Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody's). 
The long term debt of the Issuer is rated BB+ with a negative outlook 
by S&P and Ba2 with a negative outlook by Moody’s.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. The 
rating of Notes, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each of S&P and Moody's is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
CRA Regulation) and included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. The relevant Final Terms will 
specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. Credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating organisation. Where an 
issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating assigned to the Issuer or the Programme. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Representation of Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in 
each case, the Masse). 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the Representative) and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and 
may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme.  
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for an informed 
investment decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal inherent risks in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or 
in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by 
reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in 
this section. 
I. 
RISKS FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activity are set out on pages 101 to 114 of the 2020 
Universal Registration Document, as defined and further described under “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference” in this Base Prospectus. 
II. 
RISKS FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1. 
Risks related to the market of the Notes 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market as it shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a 
number of additional factors, including, market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the 
maturity date. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term debt of the Issuer is rated BB+ 
with a negative outlook by S&P and Ba2 with a negative outlook by Moody’s. However, if the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, this could have a significant adverse impact on the 
Noteholders and as a result the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations 
under the Notes and the value of the Notes may decrease. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere, and including also factors affecting capital markets generally 
and Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or stock exchanges on which the Notes are 
traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such 
Noteholder.  
Accordingly, this could have a significant adverse impact on the Noteholders, and all or part of the 
capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder 
in such case would receive significantly less than the total amount of capital invested.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already 
issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although particular series of Notes may 
specify that they are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated 
Market in the EEA, an active trading market may not develop. Accordingly, a trading market for any 
particular Tranche of Notes may not develop or may be illiquid. As a consequence, Noteholders may 
not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable them to realise their anticipated yield and 
as a result, Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Currency Risk 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. Condition 1 provides that 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be issued in Euro, 
U.S. Dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Sterling, Renminbi, Australian Dollars, Singaporean Dollars, 
Russian Roubles and in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers, as such 
currency shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
An investment in the Notes may involve exchange rate risks. The reference assets or the Notes may be 
denominated in a currency other than the currency of the purchaser's home jurisdiction; and/or the 
reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a currency other than the currency in which a 
purchaser wishes to receive funds. Exchange rates between currencies are determined by factors of 
supply and demand in the international currency markets which are influenced by macro-economic 
factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention (including the imposition of 
currency controls and restrictions). Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect the value of the Notes or 
the reference assets. 
As a result, if this risk ever materialises, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than 
expected. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a 
Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency. 
2. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
2.1 
Early Redemption Risks 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Condition 6 provides for early redemption features at the option of the Issuer. Any optional feature 
where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early may have a significant negative effect on 
the market value of such Notes. 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in 
the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes or 
Coupons due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by, or on behalf of, France, or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 
6(f).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
If, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may choose to redeem the 
Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. During a period when the Issuer 
may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may feature a market value not substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. In such circumstances a Noteholder may not be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that 
of the relevant Notes. Should the Notes at such time be trading well above the price set for redemption, 
the negative impact on the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant.  
In addition, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face 
amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a 
consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such 
case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, Noteholders that choose 
to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities 
with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(g), there 
is no obligation under such Condition 6(g) nor under any of the Conditions for the Issuer to inform 
Noteholders if and when the threshold of seventy-five per cent. (75%) of the initial aggregate principal 
amount of a particular Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right 
to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the 
exercise of the Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus 
potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
In addition, the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(c) and the Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(b) are exercisable in whole or in part. If the Issuer 
decides to redeem the Notes in part, such partial redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal 
amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. Depending on the 
proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading market in respect of 
those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. 
Risks related to the exercise of the Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer 
In accordance with Condition 6(h), if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer before the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 
6(c), the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer will 
be calculated taking into account the Call Option Date and not the Maturity Date. It means that the 
Optional Redemption Amount will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest on such Notes discounted from the Call Option Date (and not the Maturity 
Date) to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Reference Rate (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus 
in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. It 
may result in a lower Optional Redemption Amount to be paid to the Noteholders. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Noteholders  
In accordance with Condition 6(d), the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for 
early redemption at the option of the Noteholders (the Put Option). Exercise of the Put Option in 
respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which 
such option is not exercised. Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which 
the Put Option provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of those 
Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid, which shall in turn 
adversely impact those Noteholders.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
2.2 
Interest Rate Risks 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a 
Fixed Rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the 
value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
In particular, a Noteholder, which pays interest at a Fixed Rate, is exposed to the risk that the market 
value of such Note could fall as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal 
interest rate of a fixed interest rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or within a given 
period of time, the market interest rate (the Market Interest Rate) typically varies on a daily basis. 
As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Note varies in the opposite direction. If the Market 
Interest Rate increases, the price of the Note typically decreases, until the yield of the Note equals 
approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a fixed-rate 
Note typically increases, until the yield of the bond equals approximately the Market Interest Rate.  
Movements of the Market Interest Rate can significantly affect the price of the Notes and can lead to 
losses for Noteholders if they sell Notes during the period in which the Market Interest Rate exceeds 
the Fixed Rate of the Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) allows for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at 
a Floating Rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case 
may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the 
Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference 
rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general 
market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, 
particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can 
only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant 
reference rate.  
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating 
Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, Noteholders are not able to 
determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return 
on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the 
relevant Final Terms of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, Noteholders are exposed 
to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, Noteholders may reinvest the interest 
income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing.  
These reference rates are not pre-defined for the lifespan of the Notes. Higher reference rates mean a 
higher interest under the Notes and lower reference rates mean a lower interest under the Notes. The 
degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount payable on any Interest 
Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment 
Date and may have a significant negative impact on the return under the Notes and result in a reduced 
market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
Risks related to the regulation and reform of “benchmarks”  
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(c), the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes may be determined by reference to Benchmarks that constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation) published in the Official Journal of the 
EU on 29 June 2016 and applied since 1 January 2018.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR, €STR and 
CMS Rate) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to 
be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
“benchmark”.  
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are 
linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-
back provisions applicable to such Notes (please refer to the risk factor entitled “Risks related to the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event” below). Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be 
determined under Condition 5(c)(iii), this may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination or 
FBF Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, 
whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-
element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest 
Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Notably, the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply 
with the requirement of the Benchmark Regulation and such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the "benchmark" and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment 
or receive less income than would have been the case without such change. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional 
provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The 
existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union on 12 February 2021 (the Amending Regulation). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down 
of certain Benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and 
financial instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant 
benchmarks and contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called "fallback provision") or a 
fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the European Commission or competent national 
authorities (Article 23b of the Benchmarks Regulation). These provisions could have a significant 
negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme 
linked to or referencing such benchmark in the event that the fallback provisions in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes are deemed unsuitable. However, there are still uncertainties about the exact 
implementation of this provision pending the implementing acts of the European Commission. In 
addition, the Amending Regulation extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country 
benchmarks until the end of 2023 and empowered the European Commission to further extend this 
transitional period until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments may also create uncertainty 
regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of 
delegated regulations. 
Risks related to the occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) provides for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such 
as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, any mid-swap

--- Page 18 ---
18 
rate, but shall except €STR), and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes 
unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer 
permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the 
Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)), with or without 
the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would 
be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as 
determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders.  
In certain circumstances, including where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined, other fallbacks rules may be used, which consist in the rate of interest for such Interest 
Period to be based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period, as set out 
in the risk factor above entitled "Risks related to the regulation and reform of “benchmarks”". 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates 
and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes and as a consequence, Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes linked to or 
referencing a “benchmark” or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. The Independent Adviser 
will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the 
circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and, due 
to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to each 
Noteholder. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates as reference rates for Floating Rate 
Notes 
Condition 5(c) allows Notes referencing the Euro short term rate (€STR) to be issued. The market 
continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as €STR, as reference rate in the capital markets 
for euro bonds, and its adoption as alternative to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a 
significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly from that 
set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk 
free rate issued under this Base Prospectus.  
The ongoing development of the use of €STR as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as 
continued development of €STR-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect 
the market price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of 
being determined shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  
In addition, as €STR is published by the European Central Bank, the Issuer has no control over its 
determination, calculation or publication. €STR might be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may have a material adverse effect on  any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the €STR reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the 
Terms and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the Notes will 
be determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 5(c). Such methods may result in 
interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payment that 
would have been made on the Notes if the €STR reference rate had been provided by the European 
Central Bank in its current form. Accordingly, an investment in any such Floating Rate Notes may 
entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in convention debt securities and, as a 
consequence, Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear 
interest at a rate that (i) will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms, or that (ii) the Issuer may elect to 
convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate. The conversion (whether it be automatic or optional) of the interest rate will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the conversion may lead to a lower 
overall cost of borrowing. If a Fixed Rate is converted to a Floating Rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If a Floating Rate is converted to a Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may be 
lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the 
market value of the Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 5(e) allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. The prices at which Zero Coupon Notes, 
as well as other Notes issued at a substantial discount from their principal amount payable at maturity, 
trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than do the prices for conventional interest-bearing securities of comparable maturities. Generally, the 
longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, in similar market conditions, the 
holders of Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial discount or premium 
from their principal amount, could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of 
other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have an 
adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
2.3 
Risks linked to Notes denominated in Renminbi (RMB Notes)  
RMB is not completely freely convertible and there are still significant restrictions on the remittance 
of RMB into and outside of the PRC 
In accordance with Condition 5(k) and if RMB is specified as Specified Currency in the relevant Final 
Terms, RMB Notes may be issued. RMB is not completely freely convertible at present. The PRC 
government continues to regulate conversion between RMB and foreign currencies.  
Although from 1 October 2016, the RMB has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created 
by the International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to RMB to settle 
cross-border transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (the 
PBOC) in 2018, the PRC government may not liberalise control over cross-border remittance of RMB 
in the future or that new regulations in the PRC may be promulgated in the future which have the effect

--- Page 20 ---
20 
of restricting or eliminating the remittance of RMB into or outside the PRC. In the event that funds 
cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in RMB, this may affect the overall availability of RMB outside 
the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source RMB to finance its obligations under RMB Notes, and 
therefore, the liquidity of the Notes denominated in RMB may be adversely affected. 
There is only limited availability of RMB outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of RMB 
Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source RMB outside the PRC to service such RMB Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross border RMB fund flows, the 
availability of RMB outside the PRC is limited.  While the PBOC has entered into agreements on the 
clearing of RMB business (the Settlement Agreements) with financial institutions in a number of 
financial centres and cities (the RMB Clearing Banks), including but not limited to Hong Kong, and 
are in the process of establishing RMB clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of RMB denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
The relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC. 
The offshore RMB market is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on 
foreign exchange and may adversely affect the liquidity of Notes denominated in RMB. New PRC 
regulations may be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements may be terminated or amended so as 
to have the effect of restricting availability of RMB offshore.  The limited availability of RMB outside 
the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Notes denominated in RMB and, as a consequence, have an 
adverse effect on the value of such RMB Notes. 
Payments in respect of the RMB Notes will only be made to Noteholders in the manner specified in 
the RMB Notes. 
If RMB is specified as Specified Currency in the relevant Final Terms, all payments of RMB under 
Notes denominated in RMB to a Noteholder will be made solely by transfer to a RMB bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong by such Noteholder in accordance with the prevailing rules and regulations, 
except in the circumstances provided for by Condition 7(i). Other than as described in such Condition, 
the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means.  
In addition, access to RMB for the purposes of making payments under such Notes may not remain or 
may become restricted. If it becomes impossible to convert RMB from/to another freely convertible 
currency, or transfer RMB between accounts in Hong Kong, or the general RMB exchange market in 
Hong Kong becomes illiquid, any payment of RMB under the Notes may be delayed or the Issuer may 
make such payments in US Dollars or, as the case may be, in Euro using an exchange rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent. Accordingly, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than 
expected and this may result in a loss of part of their investment when converting such currency back 
into RMB, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time.  
2.4 
Risks linked to Notes denominated in Russian Roubles  
There are risks associated with the new debt instruments that are both denominated and settled in 
Roubles and the inexperience of both the Clearing Systems and the Russian and international 
banking systems in dealing with them. 
Condition 1 provides that the Notes may be denominated and settled in Russian Roubles, provided that 
Russian Roubles is specified as Specified Currency in the relevant Final Terms. Offerings of debt 
instruments that are both denominated and settled in Russian Roubles are a relatively new development 
in the international capital markets. This, coupled with the relative inexperience of Euroclear France, 
Euroclear and Clearstream (the Clearing Systems) and the Russian and international banking systems 
in dealing with Russian Roubles payments, could lead to unforeseen difficulties, which may have an 
adverse effect on the liquidity, marketability or trading price of the Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
In particular debt instruments that are both denominated and settled in Russian Roubles only became 
accepted by the Clearing Systems in early 2007. Due to the lack of experience of the Clearing Systems 
with settling, clearing and trading debt instruments that are both denominated and settled in Russian 
Roubles, such clearing, settlement and trading procedures may not progress smoothly or in a way 
which is comparable to procedures carried out in more conventionally settled currencies, such as U.S. 
Dollars or Euros. 
Russian law previously prohibited or otherwise severely restricted the transfer and holding of Russian 
Roubles offshore and their repatriation onshore. Although these restrictions have now been lifted for 
non-residents (save for some restrictions which apply to the regime of residents’ accounts held outside 
of the Russian Federation), there is still no specific tested framework under Russian law for 
transferring or holding Russian Roubles in offshore Russian Rouble accounts. As with much recent 
Russian legislation, there is extremely limited or non-existent regulatory or court practice in 
interpreting these regulations. If restrictions or prohibitions were placed on the transfer and holding of 
Russian Roubles offshore or if such legislation was reinterpreted by the Russian regulators or courts 
to the effect that restrictions were still deemed to apply to the transfer and holding of Russian Roubles 
offshore, this would severely hinder holders’ ability to receive payments of principal or interest under 
the Notes or proceeds from the sale of the Notes. 
Payments of principal and interest under the Notes and proceeds from the sale of the Notes will be 
made in Russian Roubles. All payments of Russian Roubles to, from, or between Russian Roubles 
accounts located outside the Russian Federation will be made via onshore correspondent accounts 
within the Russian banking system. The Russian banking system is less developed than many of its 
Western counterparts and at present has little experience in dealing with payments relating to 
Eurobonds or similar international debt instruments. Consequently, there is a risk that payments of 
both principal and interest under the relevant Notes and proceeds from the sale of such Notes, which 
need to pass through the Russian banking system, will be subject to delays and disruptions which may 
not exist in more mature banking markets. 
In order for Noteholders to remove Russian Roubles received from payments of principal and interest 
on the Notes and proceeds from the sale of the Notes from the Clearing Systems, they will need to 
hold a bank account denominated in Russian Roubles. The administrative difficulties associated with 
opening Russian Roubles accounts outside the Russian Federation are significant. Noteholders that are 
not resident in the Russian Federation may also encounter considerable procedural difficulties with 
opening Russian Roubles accounts onshore in the Russian Federation. Noteholders may not be able to 
successfully open a Russian Roubles bank account either offshore or in the Russian Federation or 
transfer Russian Roubles payments made under the Notes out of the Clearing Systems. 
As result, Noteholders may receive a lower income in their investments in the Notes or lose part of 
their investment.  
3. 
Risks related to legal issues regarding the Notes 
French Insolvency Law 
As a société anonyme incorporated in France, French insolvency law applies to the Issuer. Except as 
otherwise provided by the relevant Final Terms, Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in 
Condition 11. However, under French insolvency law, holders of debt securities are automatically 
grouped into a single assembly of holders (the Assembly) in order to defend their common interests 
in case of the opening in France of an accelerated financial safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde 
financière accélérée), an accelerated safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), a safeguard 
(procédure de sauvegarde) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement 
judiciaire) with respect to the Issuer.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the Notes), 
whether or not under a debt issuance programme (such as the Programme) and regardless of the 
governing law applicable to such issuance.  
The Assembly deliberates on the draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), draft accelerated 
safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), draft accelerated financial safeguard plan 
(projet de plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or draft judicial reorganisation plan (projet de 
plan de redressement) applicable to the Issuer and may further agree to: 
• 
increase the liabilities (charges) of holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) by 
rescheduling due payments and/or writing-off receivables in the form of debt securities; 
• 
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) 
as appropriate under the circumstances; and/or 
• 
decide to convert debt securities (including the Notes) into shares or securities that give or 
may give access to the share capital. 
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third majority (calculated as a proportion of the debt 
securities held by the holders expressing a vote). No quorum is required to convoke the Assembly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the Representation of the Noteholders described 
in Condition 11 will not be applicable to the extent that they are not in compliance with compulsory 
insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances.  
The procedures, as described above or as they will or may be amended, could have an adverse impact 
on holders of the Notes seeking repayment in the event that the Issuer or its subsidiaries were to 
become insolvent. 
It should be noted that Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on 
discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures 
concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 
dated 20 June 2019 (the Restructuring Directive) shall be transposed by the Member States before 
17 July 2021. Depending on how it will be transposed into French law, it may modify French 
insolvency law described above and impact the situation of Noteholders in the event that the Issuer 
was to be subject to the relevant French insolvency proceedings.  
More specifically the Restructuring Directive is expected to impact the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. Creditors (including the Noteholders) shall be 
treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a 
restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests 
with rights that are sufficiently similar to justify considering the members of the class a homogenous 
group with commonality of interest. As a minimum, secured and unsecured claims shall be treated in 
separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. A restructuring plan shall be deemed 
to be adopted by affected parties, provided that a majority in the amount of their claims or interests is 
obtained in each and every class (the required majorities shall be laid down by Member States at not 
higher than 75% in the amount of claims or interests in each class). If the restructuring plan is not 
approved by each and every class of affected parties, the plan may however be confirmed by a judicial 
or administrative authority by applying a cross-class cram-down. Therefore, when the Restructuring 
Directive is transposed into French law, it is expected that holders of notes (including the Noteholders) 
will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly and accordingly 
they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected 
parties, holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will be grouped into one or several classes (with 
potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-
class cram down.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by the Assembly or a class of 
creditor, as the case may be, could substantially impact the Noteholders and even cause them to lose 
all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
Modification, waivers and substitution of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
Condition 11 provides that the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 11, and a 
General Meeting can be held or Written Decision (each as defined in Condition 11 hereafter) can be 
taken (together, the Collective Decisions). Condition 11 permits in certain cases defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant General 
Meeting or did not consent to the Written Decision or Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to 
the majority. Noteholders may through Collective Decisions deliberate on any proposal relating to the 
modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes including any proposal, whether for arbitration 
or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, as more 
fully described in Condition 11. If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such 
modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative impact 
on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the AMF shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the sections referred to in the table below included in the French version of the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document of the Issuer which has been filed with the AMF under n°D.21-0117 on 15 
March 2021. The French language of the 2020 sections specifically referred to in the table below are 
designated 
as 
the 
2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
or 
the 
2020 
URD 
(https://www.renaultgroup.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/renault-deu-2020.pdf); 
 
(b) 
the sections referred to in the table below included in the French version of the 2019 Universal 
Registration Document of the Issuer which has been filed with the AMF under n°D.20-0143 on 19 
March 2020. The French language of the 2019 sections specifically referred to in the table below are 
designated 
as 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
or 
the 
2019 
URD 
(https://group.renault.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/groupe-deu-2019-_-19-mars-2020.pdf); 
(c) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the following base prospectuses (together the 
EMTN Previous Conditions) relating to the Programme:  
(i) 
the base prospectus dated 18 June 2020 (pages 29 to 61) filed with the AMF under number 
20-263 (https://www.renaultgroup.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/euo2-2000254536-v1-
renault-2020-base-prospectus-final.pdf ) 
(ii) 
the base prospectus dated 17 May 2019 (pages 39 to 71) filed with the AMF under number 
19-213 
(https://group.renault.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/pa-22969600-v1-
renault_2019_-_base_prospectus__final_with_visa_.pdf), 
(iii) 
the base prospectus dated 5 July 2018 (pages 33 to 60) filed with the AMF under number 18-
287 (https://group.renault.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/partie-euro-medium-term-notes-
bbbbaa3.pdf), and 
(iv) 
the base prospectus dated 7 June 2017 (pages 79 to 107) filed with the AMF under number 
17-260 
(https://group.renault.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/pa-19191461-v1-
renault_2017_-_base_prospectus_with_visa-final.pdf); 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference table below but included in the documents containing the 
sections incorporated by reference is considered as additional information given for information purposes only, 
is not required by the schedules of Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation (as amended, the Commission Delegated Regulation), and is not part of this Base Prospectus. 
Non-incorporated parts of the documents listed above are either not relevant for the investors or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
For information purposes only, the English language translations of (i) the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document and (ii) the 2019 Universal Registration Document are available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.group.renault.com). For ease of reference, the page numbering of the English language translations of 
the documents incorporated by reference is identical to the French versions. These English language 
translations are not incorporated by reference herein. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the AMF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained 
in any section incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or

--- Page 25 ---
25 
in a section which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and all the documents containing the sections incorporated by reference will be published 
on the website of the Issuer (www.renault.com). This Base Prospectus, the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document and the 2019 Universal Registration Document will also be available on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org). The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on any Regulated Market will be 
published on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.renault.com). 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is set out in the cross-reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested 
to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation and not referred 
to in the cross-reference table below is contained in the relevant sections of this Base Prospectus.  
The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the AMF.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
 
 
 
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page no. in the relevant document 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific 
to the issuer and that may affect the issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a 
limited number of categories, in a section headed 
‘Risk Factors’. 
 
In each category the most material risks, in the 
assessment of the issuer, offeror or person asking for 
admission to trading on a regulated market, taking 
into account the negative impact on the issuer and 
the probability of their occurrence, shall be set out 
first. The risk factors shall be corroborated by the 
content of the registration document. 
p. 101 to p. 114 of 2020 URD 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
p. 442 of 2020 URD 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the Issuer, its 
registration number and legal entity identifier 
(“LEI”). 
p. 442 of 2020 URD 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and length of life of the 
Issuer, except where the period is indefinite. 
p. 442 of 2020 URD 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the 
legislation under which the Issuer operates, its 
country of incorporation, the address, telephone 
number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and 
website of the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that 
the information on the website does not form part of 
the 
prospectus 
unless 
that 
information 
is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
p. 1, 442, 453, inside back cover and back cover of 
2020 URD 
 
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the issuer and 
which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the issuer’s solvency. 
p. 123, p. 410, p.438 of 2020 URD 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 
Principal activities  
5.1.1 
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed. 
p.8 to p.9, p. 21 to 57, p. 71 to 82 of 2020 URD 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements made by the issuer 
regarding its competitive position. 
p. 21 to 42 of 2020 URD 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of 
the group and the issuer’s position within the group. 
This may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the organisational structure if this helps 
to clarify the structure.  
p. 21 to 52, 60 to 61 and 65 to 67 of 2020 URD 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within 
the group, this must be clearly stated together with 
an explanation of this dependence. 
p. 58 to 61, 411 to 415 and 437 of 2020 URD 
7. 
TREND INFORMATION

--- Page 27 ---
27 
7.1 
A description of: 
(a) any material adverse change in the prospects of 
the issuer since the date of its last published 
audited financial statements; and 
(b) any 
significant 
change 
in 
the 
financial 
performance of the group since the end of the last 
financial period for which financial information 
has been published to the date of the registration 
document. 
If neither of the above are applicable then the issuer 
should 
include 
(an) 
appropriate 
negative 
statement(s). 
p. 10 to 12, p. 71 to p. 82 and p. 123 of 2020 URD 
 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within the 
issuer of the following persons and an indication of 
the principal activities performed by them outside of 
that issuer where these are significant with respect 
to that issuer: 
(a) members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; 
p. 6 to 7, p. 258 to p. 283 of 2020 URD 
9.2 
Administrative, management, and supervisory 
bodies conflicts of interests 
 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to 
the issuer, of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and 
their private interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there are no such 
conflicts, a statement to that effect must be made. 
p. 284 of 2020 URD 
 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the 
issuer is directly or indirectly owned or controlled 
and by whom and describe the nature of such control 
and describe the measures in place to ensure that 
such control is not abused. 
p. 15, p. 19, p. 20, p. 447 to p. 449 of 2020 URD 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the 
issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in control of the issuer. 
p. 448 to p. 449 of 2020 URD 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
11.1.1 
Historical financial information covering the latest 
two financial years (at least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the issuer has been in operation and 
the audit report in respect of each year 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
p. 17, p. 338 to p. 416 
and p. 424 to p. 439 
p. 19, p. 338 to p. 415 
and p. 423 to p. 438 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards 
The financial information must be prepared 
according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 
(a) the balance sheet; 
(b) the income statement; 
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
p. 344 to p. 416 
 
 
 
p. 340 and p. 341 
p. 338 and p. 339  
p. 344 to p. 416 
p. 344 to p. 415 
 
 
 
p. 340 and p. 341 
p. 338 and p. 339  
p. 344 to p. 415 
11.1.4 
Where the audited financial information is prepared 
according to national accounting standards, the 
financial information must include at least the 
following:  
(a) the balance sheet; 
(b) the income statement; 
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes.  
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
p. 424 to p. 438  
 
 
p. 425 
p. 424 
p. 426 to p. 438 
p. 423 to p. 439 
 
 
p. 424 
p. 423 
p. 425 to p. 438 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial statements  
2019 URD 
2020 URD

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include at least 
the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document 
p. 338 to p. 416 
p. 338 to p. 415  
11.1.6 
Age of financial information  
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited 
financial information may not be older than 18 
months from the date of the registration document 
p. 340 and p. 341 of 2020 URD  
11.2 
Auditing 
of 
historical 
annual 
financial 
information 
 
11.2.1 
The historical financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared 
in 
accordance with 
the 
Directive 
2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014 do not apply, the historical financial 
information must be audited or reported on as to 
whether or not, for the purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and fair view in accordance 
with auditing standards applicable in a Member 
State or an equivalent standard. Otherwise, the 
following information must be included in the 
registration document: 
(a)  a prominent statement disclosing which auditing 
standards have been applied; 
(b)  an explanation of any significant departures 
from International Standards on Auditing 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
p. 334 to p. 337, p. 417 
to p. 420 
p. 334 to p. 337, p. 416 to 
p. 419 
11.2.1a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, and 
such qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
p. 334 
N/A 
11.2.2 
Indication of other information in the registration 
document which has been audited by the auditors. 
2019 URD 
2020 URD 
p. 421 to p. 423 
p. 420 to p. 422 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
11.3.1 
Information on any governmental, legal or 
arbitration 
proceedings 
(including 
any 
such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering 
at least the previous 12 months which may have, or 
have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
Issuer and/or group’s financial position or 
profitability, or provide an appropriate negative 
statement. 
p. 109 to p. 110 of 2020 URD  
 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
12.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are 
not entered into in the ordinary course of the issuer's 
business, which could result in any group member 
being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the issuer's ability to meet its obligations 
to security holders in respect of the securities being 
issued. 
p. 420 to p. 422 of 2020 URD  
 
 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under 
the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
Base Prospectus dated 18 June 2020 
Pages 29 to 61 
Base Prospectus dated 17 May 2019 
Pages 39 to 71 
Base Prospectus dated 5 July 2018 
Pages 33 to 60 
Base Prospectus dated 7 June 2017 
Pages 79 to 107 
 
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 18 June 2020, 17 May 2019, 5 July 2018 
and 7 June 2017 respectively are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a Supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/979, as amended, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which 
may affect the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate Supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes or on 
a Regulated Market of a Member State of the European Economic Area, shall constitute a Supplement to the 
Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion with the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the 
terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following 
text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these 
terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions 
as so amended or supplemented (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), 
shall be endorsed or attached on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in 
the Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Renault S.A. (the Issuer or Renault) with the benefit of an amended and restated 
agency agreement dated 18 June 2021 between the Issuer and BNP Paribas Securities Services as fiscal agent 
(the Agency Agreement). The fiscal agent, the paying agent, the redenomination agent, the consolidation 
agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the Redenomination Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent and the Calculation Agent(s). References below to Conditions are, unless the context 
requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
Certain defined terms contained in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward 
financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules published by the Fédération Bancaire 
Française (FBF) (together the FBF Master Agreement) have either been used or reproduced in Condition 5 
below. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and of the FBF Master Agreement are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, Regulated Market means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (EEA) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instrument 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination and Currency 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised 
form (Materialised Notes). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Article L. 211-3 and R. 
211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No 
physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (Euroclear 
France) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or 
in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder either in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed 
in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in 
an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the Registration 
Agent). 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary

--- Page 32 ---
32 
identification information of the Noteholders such as the name or the company name, 
nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, e-
mail address of holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Account Holder means any intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (Materialised Bearer Notes). Materialised 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (each, a Coupon) and, where 
appropriate, a talon (a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons 
and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
In accordance with Article L. 211-3 and R. 211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form 
must be issued outside the French territory. 
Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes may also be cleared through one or more 
clearing system(s) other than or in addition to Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (the Specified Denomination(s)) save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a Base 
Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency). Dematerialised Notes 
shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
Unless permitted by the then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum redemption amount 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may 
only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title 
to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts 
of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes), shall pass 
by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of

--- Page 33 ---
33 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, holder of Notes or holder of any Note, or Noteholder means (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled 
to such Notes; (ii) in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Note and the Coupons (Couponholder being construed accordingly), or 
Talon relating to it, and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes in respect of which a Temporary 
Global Certificate has been issued and is outstanding, each person (other than a clearing 
institution) who appears as a holder of such Notes or of a particular nominal amount of 
interests in such Notes, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and with the 
applicable rules and procedures of any relevant clearing institution including, without 
limitation, Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate. 
(d) 
Redenomination: 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) 
calendar days' notice in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the 
European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community (the EC), as amended 
from time to time (the Treaty)), or events have occurred which have substantially the same 
effects (in either case, EMU), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series 
into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set 
out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such 
redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the 
Redenomination Date. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting 
the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the 
fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so 
elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the 
fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest 
Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a 
denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the 
nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be 
payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the 
Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to Condition 14, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, 
make any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without 
limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, 
principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or 
benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt 
obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such

--- Page 34 ---
34 
changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, 
Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting 
from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in 
connection therewith. 
(e) 
Currency 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be issued 
in Euro, U.S. Dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Sterling, Renminbi, Australian Dollars, 
Singaporean Dollars, Russian Roubles and in any other currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealers, as such currency shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made 
in accordance with Article R. 211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Coupons are direct, general, unconditional, unsecured 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and 
will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as 
are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remains outstanding, the 
Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
upon the whole or any part of its assets, present or future, to secure any present or future Indebtedness 
(as defined below) incurred or guaranteed by it (whether before or after the issue of the Notes) unless 
the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and Coupons are equally and rateably secured therewith.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
For the purposes of this Condition, Indebtedness means any indebtedness for borrowed money, 
represented by bonds, notes, debentures or other assimilated debt securities which are for the time 
being, or are capable of being, quoted, admitted to trading or ordinarily traded in on any stock 
exchange, over-the-counter-market or other securities market. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor thereto (the 
TARGET System) is operating (a TARGET Business Day) and/or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any) and/or  
(iii) 
in the case of a specified currency other than Euro and Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for that currency and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a specified currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the Business Centre(s)), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in 
the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres 
so specified. 
CMS Rate shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with 
a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
CMS Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the 
Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap 
dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial 
Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent.  
Designated Maturity, Margin, Reference Currency and Relevant Screen Page shall have the 
meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms.  
Relevant Swap Rate means:  
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the 
basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated 
on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a 
term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, 
is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions, as published by

--- Page 36 ---
36 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes) with a designated maturity determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify otherwise, 
the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or 
not constituting an Interest Period, the Calculation Period): 
(i) 
if Actual/365 - FBF is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is 
the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 
365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual /365 - FBF shall mean the 
sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-
leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number 
of actual days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual - ISDA is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/Actual-ICMA is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
in each case where 
Determination Period means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
Determination Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is so specified, the Interest Payment Date 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360;

--- Page 37 ---
37 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation Period is 
the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th 
or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is 
the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day 
of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of a Calculation Period ending on the Maturity 
Date, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); 
Effective Date means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination 
Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of 
the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates; 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted or 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended; 
FBF Definitions means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française (together the FBF Master 
Agreement), as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date; 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date; 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be; 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (except for Zero Coupon Notes); 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period or 
the interest amount in relation to the RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in 
the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro; 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date;

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (a copy of which may be obtained at the 
registered office of the Issuer during usual business hours), as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date; 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent means the international credit institution or financial services 
institution or any other competent entity of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed 
by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
(including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000 (Reuters)) as may be specified for the purpose 
of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace 
it on that information service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated 
by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose 
of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate; 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Banks means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, 
if EURIBOR or €STR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone); 
Relevant Financial Centre means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which 
the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR or €STR, shall be 
the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris; 
Relevant Rate means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a 
period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing 
on the Effective Date; 
Relevant Time means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of 
deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for 
this purpose local time means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial 
Centre, 11.00 a.m., Brussels time; 
Representative Amount means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the time; 
RMB Note means a Note denominated in Renminbi; 
RUB or Russian Roubles means the lawful currency for the time being of the Russian Federation; 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; and

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Specified Duration means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, 
ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii). 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB: Each Fixed Rate 
Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms 
as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown 
in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the provisions below relating to either 
FBF Determination or ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination depending upon 
which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant FBF Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), FBF Rate for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be

--- Page 40 ---
40 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate (Taux Variable), Floating 
Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and 
Transaction (Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions, provided that Euribor means the rate calculated for deposits in euro 
which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), ISDA Rate for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or such 
other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity, Reset Date and Swap Transaction have the meanings given 
to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual 
Period in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided below 
or (if applicable) in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose 
Relevant Rates appear on that Page,

--- Page 41 ---
41 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date; 
(b) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-
paragraph (a)(i) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) 
applies and fewer than two (2) Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as provided below 
or (if applicable) in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates 
that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two (2) Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines 
to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a 
Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of five 
leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency 
is Euro, in the Euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent (the Principal 
Financial Centre) are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on 
which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period 
commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified 
Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the 
Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of such banks are so 
quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks carrying on business 
in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such banks 
are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between any 
Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable 
to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period). 
(d) 
CMS Rate Notes: Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Benchmark in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:  
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the 
CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, 
the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality,

--- Page 42 ---
42 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by 
the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard 
market practice. 
(e) 
€STR Notes: Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Benchmark in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being 
€STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
(with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has 
occurred, the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to 
€STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the 
first TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business 
Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to 
the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for 
each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on 
or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 15. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall 
be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of 
€STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on 
or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the 
latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later 
date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph (e): 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
do is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
ECB Recommended Rate means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central 
Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified 
by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the 
central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first 
date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent; 
ECB €STR Guideline means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
EDFR means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the 
Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and the national 
central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published 
on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
EDFR Spread means: 
a) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the 
first TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) 
TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
b) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET 
Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
€STR means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of 
banks located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published 
on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or 
before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate 
is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest 
rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET 
Business Day; 
€STRi-pTBD means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day 
falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Business Day "i"; 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to 
the Calculation Agent:

--- Page 45 ---
45 
a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or 
b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which states 
that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an €STR 
Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided 
by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), 
as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but 
excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
Modified EDFR means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
ni for any TARGET Business Day "i" is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, the relevant TARGET Business Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the immediately following TARGET Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Observation Period means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first 
Observation Period shall begin on and include the date falling "p" 
TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" TARGET Business Day prior 
to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling "p" TARGET Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; and

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Website of the European Central Bank means the website of the 
European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any 
successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(D) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions 
of any Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any component part 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over other fallbacks specified in 
Condition 5(c) (for the avoidance of doubt, it shall not apply to €STR). 
I. 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(II)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(III)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(IV)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith, manifest 
error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). 
II. 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(IV)) subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or 
  
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(IV)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)). 
 
III. 
Adjustment Spread 
 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for

--- Page 47 ---
47 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
 
IV. 
Benchmark Amendments 
 
 
 If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of 
Day Count Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(V), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.  
 
 
 In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
 
V. 
Notices, etc. 
 
 
 The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 15, the 
Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and of the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
 
VI. 
Fallbacks 
 
 
 If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the fallback provisions relating to the 
Original Reference Rate specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), namely the Rate 
of Interest determined on the preceding Interest Determination Date, will 
continue to apply to such determination (though substituting, where a 
different Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in 
place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
 
 
 In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D),

--- Page 48 ---
48 
mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these 
Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks 
specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), will continue to apply). This may result in 
the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period in question. 
 
VII. 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either 
case, which the Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body;  
b) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where 
(a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), 
or the Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula 
or methodology in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, 
acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate.  
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) and which is customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in 
the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed

--- Page 49 ---
49 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the 
date falling six (6) months prior to the date specified in (i); 
c) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference 
Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the date 
specified in (i);  
e) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six (6) 
months;  
f) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate, in the 
opinion of the supervisor, is no longer representative of an underlying 
market or that its method of calculation has significantly changed; 
g) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); or 
h) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to 
article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) of 
any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such 
Original Reference Rate has been adopted.  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(I). 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to

--- Page 50 ---
50 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body, and if, following a Benchmark Event, two (2) or more successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor or 
replacement rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the 
particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon and is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the 
Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(e)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts, Rate Multipliers and 
Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, 
or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or 
multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph. 
 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero, unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and 
(z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest yen. For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note 
by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in 
respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such 
period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where 
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each 
of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: As soon as 
practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, it shall determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect 
of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the 
Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, or Early Redemption Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, or Early 
Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated 
Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent, Make-Whole Calculation Agent and Reference Banks: The Issuer shall use its 
best efforts to procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other number as 
may be required by the Conditions) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more 
Calculation Agents or one Make-Whole Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the relevant 
Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). If any 
Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a 
Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in 
respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent or 
the Make-Whole Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period 
or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any 
other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent or 
the Make-Whole Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, 
that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 15. 
(k) 
RMB Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of 
Interest. For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation 
by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and 
to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth (4th) Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest per 
Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per 
Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the outstanding 
nominal amount of such Note, multiplying such product by the actual number of days in the relevant 
Interest Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, 
including any Issuer's option in accordance with Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(g) or 6(h) or any Noteholders' 
option in accordance with Condition 6(d), each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
provided, is its nominal amount). 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, Exercise of Issuer's Options and Partial Redemption: If 
a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor 
more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem all, 
or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of 
Interest), if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least 
equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no 
greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised 
Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be redeemed taking 
account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated 
Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be effected by 
reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of, or applicable to, such 
Regulated Market require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published in accordance with Article 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) and on the website of any 
other competent authority and/or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are 
admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in 
the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption 
but not surrendered. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of 
any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar 
days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any 
time or from time to time (but no later than the Call Option Date (as defined below) if applicable), 
prior to their Maturity Date (the Optional Redemption Date) at their Optional Redemption Amount. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and will 
be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum 
of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes 
(not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date) discounted from the Maturity Date to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis 
at the Reference Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) plus a Redemption Margin (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, 
but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if the Issuer decides to 
redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer before the Call Option Date 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(c) above, the Optional Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer for the purpose of (y) above will be 
calculated taking into account the Call Option Date and not the Maturity Date.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption, in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed, 
which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of, Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be effected 
by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and 
Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of that stock exchange so 
require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the AMF and on the website of any other competent authority and/or 
Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice 
specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes 
a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Options: If a Put Option 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the 
Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Issuer 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office 
during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the Exercise Notice) in the form 
obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case 
may be, within the notice period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, have 
attached to it such Note (together with all Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised 
Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paris Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No 
option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn 
without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(f) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(f) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note 
as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have 
effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and 
payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount 
in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as 
before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after 
the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(f), or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of 
Interest). 
(f) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the 
occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, 
not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8(b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than sixty 
(60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with, interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest) provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without 
withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8(b) below, then the Issuer shall 
forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less 
than seven (7) calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with, any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where 
applicable, any Arrears of Interest) on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of 
the Notes or Coupons, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment 
Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then 
due and payable in respect of the Notes or Coupons and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
at any time, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given 
shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
payable in respect of the Notes, or, if applicable or Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
(g) 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer: If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 75% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a 
particular Series of Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt include any additional Notes issued 
subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) has 
been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not

--- Page 56 ---
56 
more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining 
Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date 
set for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest).  
(h) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), at any time or from time to time, as from the Call Option 
Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) which shall be no earlier than ninety (90) calendar days 
before the Maturity Date, until the Maturity Date, redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then 
outstanding, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject to the applicable laws 
and/or regulations. All Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold for the purpose of 
enhancing the liquidity of the Notes in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
(j) 
Cancellation: So long as French law so requires, all Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, by surrendering to the Fiscal Agent the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all Coupons and all unexchanged Talons and, in 
each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment 
of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so 
cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or 
resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given 
not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest). 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments other than in Renminbi of principal and interest (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of Interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall 
(in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) 
be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account 
Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated 
by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge 
of the Issuer in respect of such payments. Payments of principal and interest in Renminbi in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes will be made by a transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of 
the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Arrears of Interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the 
relevant Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of 
interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 7(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by 
transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank.  
Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city 
in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in US Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, or other laws and regulations to which 
the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination 
Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or the Calculation 
Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, 
(iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying 
Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities, (v) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by 
any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in US Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where 
applicable, with the amount of any Arrears of Interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in 
the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any Arrears of Interest 
corresponding to such Coupon) that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal 
due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for 
payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date 
for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 10). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption 
without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the 
provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Arrears 
of Interest if applicable) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a 
Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, 
the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, business day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France 
is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be 
specified as Financial Centres in the relevant Final Terms and (B) (i) (in the case of a payment in a 
currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a 
bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant

--- Page 59 ---
59 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a 
payment in Euro), which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(i) 
Payment of US Dollar Equivalent or Euro Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in 
these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is 
otherwise not available to the Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such 
unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to 
satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer upon 
giving not less than five (5) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in 
US Dollar or (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) in Euro on the due date at the US Dollar 
Equivalent (or the Euro Equivalent as the case may be) of any such Renminbi denominated amount.  
In such event, payments of the US Dollar Equivalent (or Euro Equivalent as the case may be) of the 
relevant principal or interest in respect of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the US Dollar (or 
Euro) account of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance 
of doubt, no such payment of the US Dollar Equivalent (or Euro Equivalent as the case may be) shall 
by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(i) by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders 
and (in the absence of manifest error) no liability to the Issuer, the Agent and all Noteholders shall 
attach to the RMB Rate Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7: 
Euro Equivalent means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into Euro using the RMB Spot Rate 
for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
Illiquidity means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other 
than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi 
Dealers. 
Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, 
rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Renminbi Dealer means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
RMB Rate Calculation Agent means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate and/or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
RMB Rate Calculation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong and (i) in New York City (in the case of payment of the US Dollar Equivalent) or (ii) in Paris 
(in the case of payment of the Euro Equivalent). 
RMB Rate Calculation Date means the day which is two (2) RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
RMB Spot Rate for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/US dollar exchange rate for 
the purchase of US Dollar with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong 
for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, or as the case may be, the spot CNY/EUR 
exchange rate for the purchase of Euro with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in 
Hong Kong for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a 
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page CNHFIX=. If such rate is not available, the 
RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/US Dollar or as the case 
may be CNY/EUR official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by 
The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen 
Page CNY=SAEC. If no CNY/EUR official fixing rate is available on the Reuters Screen Page 
CNY=SAEC on the RMB Rate Calculation Date, the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the 
RMB Spot Rate as soon as possible using the latest available CNY/US Dollar fixing rate and then the 
latest US Dollar/EUR official fixing rate available on a Reuters Screen Page selected by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated 
on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may 
replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
US Dollar Equivalent means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into US Dollars using the 
RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent.  
8. 
Taxation  
(a) 
Withholding Tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer 
will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt 
by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who is 
liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date in the case of 
Materialised Notes: more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the 
extent that the Noteholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day. 
As used in these Conditions, Relevant Date in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the 
case of Arrears of Interest, references to "becomes due" shall be interpreted in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 7(f)) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, 
in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on 
which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or 
Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) principal shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) 
interest shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, all Arrears of Interest) payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) principal and/or interest shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
9. 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined in Condition 11), upon request of any Noteholder, may, upon written 
notice to the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause all the Notes (but not 
some only) held by such Noteholder to become immediately due and payable at their principal amount, 
together with any accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice for payment is received 
by the Fiscal Agent without further formality, if any of the following events (each an Event of Default) 
shall occur: 
(i) 
the Issuer defaults in making the payment of any principal or interest (including the payment 
of any additional amounts in accordance with Condition 8) due in respect of the Notes or any 
of them and such default continues for a period of seven (7) calendar days in the case of 
principal and fourteen (14) calendar days in the case of interest; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Terms and 
Conditions and (except where such failure is incapable of remedy when no such notice or 
continuation as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such failure continues for the period 
of thirty (30) calendar days next following the service by the Representative on the Issuer of 
notice requiring the same to be remedied at the request of any Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) of the Issuer becomes due and repayable 
prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described) or the Issuer fails to make 
any payment in respect thereof on the due date for such payment as extended by any applicable 
grace period as originally provided or the security for any such Relevant Indebtedness 
becomes enforceable unless, in each case, the Issuer is contesting in good faith in a court of 
competent jurisdiction that such Relevant Indebtedness is due or that such security is 
enforceable.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Relevant Indebtedness means Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 4) which (either alone 
or when aggregated with the principal amounts of any other such Indebtedness in respect of 
which any of the events described above have occurred) amounts to €100,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer shall cease or threaten to cease to carry on the whole or the major part of its business 
either through the Issuer or any of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the Issuer shall cease 
generally to pay, or shall be unable to, or shall admit inability to, service its debt as it falls 
due, or shall be adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(v) 
if a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or for 
a transfer of the whole of its business (cession totale de l'entreprise), or in the absence of legal 
proceedings, if the Issuer makes a conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit 
of its creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors, or a resolution is passed for its 
winding-up or dissolution except in connection with a merger or other reorganisation, 
consolidation or amalgamation pursuant to which the surviving entity assumes all of the 
obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Notes. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in 
the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them. 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders  
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for 
the defence of their common interests in a masse (the Masse) which will be governed by the provisions 
of the French Code de commerce with the exception of Articles L. 228-71 and R. 228-69 of the French 
Code de commerce and as supplemented by this Condition 11. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
Representative) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the 
Collective Decisions). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect 
to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate (if any) 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation 
to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
initial Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer 
and the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of 
the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or by 
consent following a written consultation (the Written Decision). 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of 
the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11 (h). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(A) General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative 
a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been convened 
within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their 
members to petition a competent court in Nanterre to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will 
call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least a fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The Decisions of the General Meeting 
shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by Noteholders attending such 
General Meetings or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under Condition 11(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the 
General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date 
of the General Meeting on second convocation.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence. 
(B) Written Decisions or Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series 
of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General 
Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a consultation in 
writing (a Consultation in Writing). Subject to the following sentence a Consultation in 
Writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed 
by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-
97 of the French Code de commerce approval of a Consultation in Writing may also be given 
by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (Electronic 
Consent). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Consultation in Writing (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 15 not less than fifteen (15) days prior 
to the date fixed for the passing of such Consultation in Writing (the Consultation Date) on 
first notice and ten (10) days prior to the Consultation Date on second notice. Notices seeking 
the approval of a Consultation in Writing will contain the conditions of form and time-limits 
to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of 
such proposed Consultation in Writing. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection 
before the Consultation in Writing Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after 
the Consultation Date. 
A Consultation in Writing will be deemed to have been approved if, on first notice, (i) 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed Consultation in Writing 
hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) 
Noteholders expressing their approval hold at least 75 per cent. of such quorum.  
If such quorum is not met, a Consultation in Writing will be deemed to have been approved 
if, on second notice, Noteholders expressing their approval represent at least 75 per cent. of 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed Consultation in Writing. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decisions, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 14, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a 
single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise 
all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French 
Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder 
of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term "outstanding " shall not include those Note 
purchased by the Issuer that are held by it and not cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations as referred to in Condition 6(i). 
12. 
Final Terms 
These Conditions shall be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
13. 
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other 
Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further 
Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of 
such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series 
with the Notes provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all 
respects save for the principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest in the relevant Final 
Terms) and that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation and references in these 
Conditions to Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) 
of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date 
occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar days' prior 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued 
by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided 
such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes. 
15. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have

--- Page 66 ---
66 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, 
or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to 
be Les Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times), or (c) they are published in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement général) of the AMF and so long as 
such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s), in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are admitted to 
trading is/are situated, and on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market of the 
EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form shall be 
valid if published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) they are 
published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times), or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulations (Règlement général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market(s), in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the 
Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are admitted to trading is/are situated, and on the website 
of any other competent authority or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are 
admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in 
accordance with this Condition.  
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 15(a), (b) and (c) 
above; except that (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and 
the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notices will be published in a daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes 
are admitted to trading are/is situated which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, 
and (ii) notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings pursuant to 
Condition 11 shall also be published) in a leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
(e) 
Notices relating to Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 
and R. 236-11 of the French Code de commerce shall be given by publication of such notices on the 
website of the Issuer (www.renault.com) and (i) in respect of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur), by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other 
clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared, (ii) in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders at their respective 
addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, and (iii) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes, 
in accordance with Condition 15 (b) above. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 15(e) 
supersedes Conditions 15(a), (b), (c), (d) in relation to such notices.  
16. 
Method of Publication of the Base Prospectus and of the Final Terms 
This Base Prospectus will be published on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) during 
a period of twelve (12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus and (b) the Issuer

--- Page 67 ---
67 
(www.renault.com). The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on any Regulated Market 
will be published on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(www.renault.com). 
In addition, should the Notes be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, 
the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final 
Terms will be published on the website of (x) such Regulated Market or (y) the competent authority 
of the Member State in the EEA where such Regulated Market is situated. 
17. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be 
brought before any competent court of the jurisdiction of the Versailles Court of Appeal.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the Common Depositary), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the 
accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it 
has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Selling 
Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes and 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of 
which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for 
which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all 
Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a 
Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal 
and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Bearer Materialised Notes shall be available at 
the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to 
such day pursuant to Condition 14(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be 
postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue of such further 
Materialised Notes.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
The full description of the Issuer is available in Renault’s 2020 Universal Registration Document filed with 
the AMF under n° D.21-0117 on 15 March 2021, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
(please refer to the cross-reference list on pages 26 to 28 of this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 71 ---
71 
RECENT EVENTS 
 
• 
23 March 2021 – Renault SA issued a new 600 M€ syndicated Eurobond under its EMTN 
Programme. The settlement date is April 1st, 2021 and the maturity is seven years (1 April 2028) 
the coupon of 2.5% and leads managers are SG, CACIB, BBVA, Unicredit and MUFG. 
 
• 
22 April 2021 – First  quarter revenues supported by price discipline in a still disturbed 
environment due to the pandemic

--- Page 72 ---
72

--- Page 73 ---
73

--- Page 74 ---
74

--- Page 75 ---
75 
• 
23 April 2021 – Renault Group unveils its purpose: Our spirit of innovation takes mobility 
further to bring people closer

--- Page 76 ---
76

--- Page 77 ---
77 
• 
26 April 2021 – Renault Group places its environmental and societal strategy at the heart of 
performance

--- Page 78 ---
78

--- Page 79 ---
79

--- Page 80 ---
80

--- Page 81 ---
81 
• 
11 May 2021 – Nissan contributes - € 73 million for first quarter 2021 to Renault’s earnings

--- Page 82 ---
82 
• 
8 June 2021 – Renault Group’s statement

--- Page 83 ---
83 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
For so long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, the following documents will be 
available on the website of the Issuer (https://group.renault.com/finance/gouvernance/): 
(i) 
the statuts (Companies Articles) of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's 
request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
For so long as Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the EEA, the documents listed in (i) and 
(ii) below will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the documents listed in (i) 
to 
(iii) 
below 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://group.renault.com/finance/informations-
financieres/documents-et-presentations/):  
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or in any 
Member State of the EEA; and 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
TAXATION 
The following is a basic summary of certain withholding tax consequences in France relating to the holding 
of the Notes. This summary does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all French tax considerations 
that may be relevant for a decision to invest in the Notes. It is based on the legislation as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and may be subject to any changes in law and/or interpretation thereof (potentially with a 
retroactive effect). Persons who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult a professional tax 
adviser. 
Withholding taxes on payments made outside France 
The following is an overview of certain withholding tax considerations that may be relevant to Noteholders 
who do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer.  
Payments of interest and other revenues made by the Issuer with respect to Notes will not be subject to the 
withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code Général des Impôts unless such payments 
are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the 
meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code Général des Impôts (a Non-Cooperative State) other than 
those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of the same Article 238-0 A. If such payments under the Notes are made outside 
France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French 
Code Général des Impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be applicable (subject to certain exceptions and 
to the more favourable provisions of an applicable tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French Code 
Général des Impôts.  
Furthermore, in application of Article 238 A of the French Code Général des Impôts, interest and other 
revenues with respect to such Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they are paid or 
accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an account held with a 
financial institution established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the Deductibility Exclusion). Under certain 
conditions, any such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be recharacterised as constructive 
dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code Général des Impôts, in which case such non-
deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of 
the French Code Général des Impôts, at (i) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who are 
not French tax residents, (ii) the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the first sentence of the second 
paragraph of Article 219-I of the French Code Général des Impôts (e.g. 26.5 per cent. for fiscal years beginning 
as from 1 January 2021) for payments benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents or (iii) a rate 
of 75 per cent. for payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 
2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code Général des Impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the 
more favourable provisions of an applicable tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the 
French Code Général des Impôts nor, to the extent the relevant interest and other revenues relate to genuine 
transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the Deductibility Exclusion will apply in 
respect of an issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue of Notes was 
not that of allowing the payments of interest and other revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the 
Exception). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques – Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 and 
BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20, an issue of Notes will benefit from the Exception without the Issuer having to provide 
any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of Notes if such Notes are: 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an equivalent offer 
in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an equivalent offer means any offer 
requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market 
authority; and/or

--- Page 85 ---
85 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of 
such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider or any other similar 
foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State; and/or  
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery 
and payment systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or 
operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Withholding taxes on payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A I of the 
French Code Général des Impôts, subject to certain exceptions, interest and other revenues received by 
individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. 
withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which 
the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of 
withholding at a global rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and other revenues received by individuals who 
are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain exceptions.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 18 June 2021 
(the Dealer Agreement) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers named in it and the Arranger, the Notes 
will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved 
the right to issue Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may 
be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by 
the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be placed by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the 
Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the 
Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MIFID II); or  
 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the IDD), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
(b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
France 
Each of the Dealers and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, has represented and agreed that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in 
force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes.  
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the 
Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) or pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable State 
securities laws. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (Regulation S).  
Materialised Bearer Notes are bearer notes under U.S. tax law which are subject to U.S. tax law requirements 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except 
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after 
the completion of the distribution of any identifiable Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding 
sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. Furthermore, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that neither it, its affiliates, nor any persons acting on of its or their behalf, has engaged or will engage 
in any "directed selling efforts" (as defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation S) with respect to the Notes and each 
of the foregoing persons has complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of 
Regulations S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche 
of Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering of such tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the 
United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any 
U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise 
such non-U.S. person with respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent 
of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, other than 
those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person, is prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.  
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including and corporation or 
other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:  
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO)) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer 
to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or 
will offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong 
Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan) (the PRC) or to 
residents of the PRC, except as permitted by applicable laws and regulations in the PRC as part of the initial 
distribution of the Notes. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any securities in the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the 
PRC. 
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms may be lawfully distributed, or that 
any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the 
PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which would permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the Notes are not being offered 
or sold within the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other document. Neither this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms, nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in the PRC, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws and 
regulations in the PRC. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275 (1A) of the 
SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, 
and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
"securities" or "securities-based derivatives contracts" (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six (6) months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person referred to in Section 275(1) or 
Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;   
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
The Dealers have agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will comply with any laws, regulations or guidelines in Switzerland from time to time, including, but 
not limited to, any regulations made by the Swiss National Bank, in relation to the offer, sale, delivery or 
transfer of the Notes or the distribution of any offering material in respect of such Notes. 
Russia 
This Base Prospectus or information contained therein is not an offer, or an invitation to make offers, sell, 
purchase, exchange or transfer any securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian 
person or entity, and does not constitute an advertisement of offering of any securities in the Russian Federation 
within the meaning of Russian securities laws. Information contained in this Base Prospectus is not intended 
for any persons in the Russian Federation who are not “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 51.2 
of the Federal Law no. 39-FZ “On the securities market” dated 22 April 1996, as amended (Russian QIs) and 
must not be distributed or circulated into Russia or made available in Russia to any persons who are not Russian 
QIs, unless and to the extent they are otherwise permitted to access such information under Russian law. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in relevant law, regulation or directive.  
Save as stated herein, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a non-exempt offer of any 
of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be resold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such resale. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under that Programme will be required to agree that 
it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, 
any other offering material or any Final Terms and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which 
it is subject or in which it makes such purchase, offer, sale or delivery and none of the Issuer or any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside of France and the United States. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), as determined by the 
manufacturer(s), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]1 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018 
(in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit: our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
PRIIPS REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II)][MIFID II]; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution (as amended or superseded, 
the IDD), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
                                                     
1  
To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred 
to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
2  
To be included if any manager in relation to the Notes to be issued is subject to UK MiFIR and is considered to be a UK MiFIR manufacturer. 
Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK 
MiFIR product governance legend, or both are included.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Final Terms dated [] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
 
RENAULT 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500F7JLTX36OUI695 
Euro 10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
 
SERIES NO: [] 
TRANCHE NO: [] 
[Brief description and Amount of Notes] 
Issued by: Renault (the Issuer) 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA (a Member State) will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the 
Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes may only 
do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, 
nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 18 June 2021 which received approval number no. 21-237 from the Autorité des 
marchés financiers the (AMF) on 18 June 2021 [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated []]* which 
[together]*constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended) (the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction 
with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus]* [is] [are]* available for viewing at the office of the 
Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents and on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) during 
                                                     
*  
Delete if no Supplement is published.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the Base Prospectus and (b) the Issuer (www.renault.com). [In 
addition3, the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus]* [is] [are]* available for viewing 
[at/on] []]. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated []]*. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended) (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 June 2021which received approval number no. 21-237 
from the Autorité des marchés financiers the (AMF) on 18 June 2021 [and the Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated []]*, which [together]* constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original 
date] [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus]* dated [] and are attached hereto, in order to obtain all the 
relevant information.. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus]* are available for 
viewing at the office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents and on the websites of (a) the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) during a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the Base Prospectus and (b) the 
Issuer (www.renault.com). [In addition4, the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus]* 
[is] [are]* available for viewing [at/on] []].] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Renault  
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible). 
3. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination[s]: 
[]5 (one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
7. 
[(i) 
Issue Date: 
[]] 
[(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date]] 
                                                     
3  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris. 
*  
Delete if no Supplement is published. 
4  
if the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris. 
5  
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 95 ---
95 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[ % Fixed Rate] 
 
[[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/€STR[specify reference rate]] +/– 
[] % Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate Notes] 
 
(If the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate Notes specify all 
Interest Basis that apply) 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [] per cent. of their nominal amount.] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable: []/Not Applicable] (If Applicable, specify 
details (including date) of any provision for convertibility of 
Notes into another interest basis (from fixed rate to floating 
rate and vice versa)) 
[Specify details for convertibility of the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
 
[Call Option] 
 
[Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
 
[Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
item[s] 
[18/19/20/21/22])] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated Notes 
(ii) 
Dates of the corporate 
authorisations 
for 
issuance of the Notes: 
 
[Decision of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated [] 
and decision of the Chairman and CEO (Président Directeur 
Général) dated []]6/[decision of the Chairman and CEO 
(Président Directeur Général) dated []]7 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
                                                     
6  
Relevant for issues of Notes constituting obligations under French law. Any drawdown of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that 
such Notes constitute obligations, requires the prior authorisation of the Board of Directors of the Issuer in accordance with Article L. 228-
40 of the French Code de Commerce.  
7  
Only relevant for issues of Notes not constituting obligations under French law.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
[adjusted in accordance with [the Business Day Convention 
specified below8] [specify Business Day Convention and 
any applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
Business Day]/not adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]9: 
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination / Not 
Applicable] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[]/ Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/365 / 30/360 / Actual/Actual 
([ICMA]/[ISDA]) / Actual/365 (Fixed)10 / Actual/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(vi) 
Interest Determination 
Dates: 
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where RMB 
Notes or where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)) 
(vii) 
[Business 
Day 
Convention11 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(viii) 
[Party 
responsible 
for 
calculation 
Interest 
Amounts 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent)12 
[]/Not Applicable]] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s) 
[] / [As per the Conditions] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
                                                     
8  
Consider in particular in the case of RMB Notes. 
9  
Not applicable for RMB Notes. 
10  
Applicable to Renminbi denominated Fixed Rates Notes 
11  
Consider in particular in the case of RMB Notes. 
12  
RMB Notes only (insert name of RMB Rate Calculation Agent, if relevant).

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(iv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate  
Determination/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
− 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
− 
Interest 
Determination Date  
[[] / [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date]] [, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day Convention 
/Preceding Business Day Convention].] 
− 
Primary Source for 
Floating 
Rate 
/ 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference Banks"] 
(in the case of €STR, delete this paragraph) 
− 
[Relevant 
Swap 
Rate: 
[]] 
− 
Reference Banks (if 
Primary Source is 
"Reference 
Banks"): 
[Specify four] 
− 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the 
Benchmark] 
− 
Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR, CMS Rate, €STR specify other benchmark] 
− 
Representative 
Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are to be 
given in respect of a transaction of a specified notional 
amount] 
− 
Observation Look-
Back Period 
[[] TARGET Business Days] [Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
− 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with effect from 
commencement of Interest Accrual Period] 
− 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of Interest 
Accrual Period]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
− 
Reference 
Currency: 
[] 
− 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] 
(viii) 
FBF Determination 
 
− 
Floating Rate: 
[] 
− 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination Date 
(Date 
de 
Détermination 
du 
Taux Variable): 
[] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
− 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
− 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum13 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/365 / 30/360 / Actual/Actual 
([ICMA]/[ISDA]) / Actual/365 (Fixed)14 / Actual/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(xiv) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Interest Determination Date 
[[] / [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date]] [, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day Convention 
/Preceding Business Day Convention].] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
                                                     
13  
In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero. 
14  
Applicable to Renminbi denominated Fixed Rates Notes

--- Page 99 ---
99 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/365 / 30/360 / Actual/Actual 
([ICMA]/[ISDA]) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
(Condition 6(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination  
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]  
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(iv) 
Notice period 
[] 
19. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer 
(Condition 6(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice period15: 
[] 
(ii) 
Reference Rate: 
[] 
(iii) 
Redemption Margin:  
[] 
(iv) 
Make-Whole 
Calculation 
Agent: 
[] 
20. 
Put Option 
(Condition 6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
                                                     
15 
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination  
(iii) 
Notice period 
[] 
21. 
Clean-up Call Option by the 
Issuer 
(Condition 6(g)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
(Condition 6(h) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Call Option Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[]/[As per Conditions] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination  
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons (Condition 
6(f)), for Clean-up (Condition 6(g)), 
for illegality (Condition 6(k)) or on 
event of default (Condition 9): 
[](In case of redemption for taxation reasons (Condition 
6(f)) please specify if the redemption date can occur at any 
time and not only on any Interest Payment Date) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form) [Delete as appropriate] 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable/Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)/Registered dematerialised form (au nominatif)]] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable give name and details (Note 
that a Registration Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Registered Notes only.)] 
(iii) 
Temporary Global 
Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes on 
[] (the Exchange Date), being 40 days after the Issue Date 
subject to postponement as provided in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
 
[C Rules/D Rules] 
 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes)

--- Page 101 ---
101 
(iv) 
Applicable TEFRA 
exemption: 
[(only applicable to Materialised Notes)]. 
26. 
[Identification of the Noteholders: 
Not Applicable] 
27. 
Financial Centre(s) relating to 
Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/specify any other financial centres ] 
28. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] apply] 
29. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] apply] 
30. 
Representation 
of 
holders 
of 
Notes/Masse: 
[Name and address of the Representative: [] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: []] 
[As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, and 
unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to 
such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all the powers, 
rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce. A 
Representative will be appointed as soon as the Notes are 
held by several Noteholders.] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of []] 
31. 
[Payment in Euro Equivalent 
instead of US Dollar Equivalent in 
the 
case 
contemplated 
in 
Condition 7(i) for RMB Notes] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]16 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and admission to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market]] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme of Renault S.A. 
 
 
                                                     
16 Only applicable (i) for RMB Notes and (ii) if Euro Equivalent is preferred to US Dollar Equivalent.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.  [[Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [Specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[Specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Renault S.A. 
Duly represented by:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING  
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [Euronext Paris / Specify other relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [].] / [Not 
Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[[] / Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Programme has been rated BB+ by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited and Ba2 by Moody's Deutschland 
GmbH. 
The Notes to be issued [have been rated]/[are expected to 
be rated]: 
[S&P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[]:[] 
Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH [, and []] is established in the 
[European Union] and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended). As such, each of S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited and Moody's Deutschland 
GmbH [, and []] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with such regulation. 
[[S&P 
Global 
Ratings 
Europe 
Limited]/[Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH] is not established in the United 
Kingdom,  and [is]/[are] not registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation). The rating issued by [[S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited]/[Moody's Deutschland GmbH] of the 
Notes has been endorsed by [relevant UK rating agency], 
in accordance with UK CRA Regulation and have not 
been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by [[S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited]/[Moody's Deutschland

--- Page 104 ---
104 
GmbH] may be used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]17 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
["Save for any fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the [Dealer/Managers] in 
connection with the issue of Notes, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
[issue/offer] of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Dealer/Managers] and [its/their] 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business."] 
4. 
[THIRD 
PARTY 
INFORMATION 
AND 
STATEMENT 
BY 
EXPERTS 
AND 
DECLARATIONS OF ANY INTEREST 
Where a statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in these Final Terms in 
respect of the Issuer or the Notes, provide such person's name, business address, qualifications and 
material interest if any in the Issuer. If the report has been produced at the Issuer's request a 
statement to that effect that such statement or report is included, in the form and context in which 
it is included, with the consent of that person who has authorised the contents of that part in respect 
of the Issuer or the Notes. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this 
information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall identify the source(s) of the information.] 
5. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS  
Use of proceeds: 
[] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from general corporate 
purposes, will need to include those reasons here.) 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding) 
6. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
                                                     
17  
To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the Notes issued by the EEA 
CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
7. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – FLOATING RATE NOTES INFORMATION 
(i) 
Historic interest rates:  
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/€STR/other] 
rates can be obtained from, [but not] free of charge,  
[Reuters/other, give details of electronic means of 
obtaining the details of performance]. 
(ii) 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011) (the Benchmarks Regulation). [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Depositaries: 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common 
Depositary 
for 
Euroclear and Clearstream 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
The aggregate principal amount of notes issued 
has been translated into Euro at the rate of [] 
producing a sum of: 
[] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
If non-syndicated, name of Manager: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 107 ---
107 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Approval and admission to trading on regulated markets 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes 
which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid until 18 June 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when 
the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of 
approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus, for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or to the competent authority of any other Member 
State of the EEA for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and/or admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State.  
Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, appearing on the list of regulated 
markets issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (each such market being a 
Regulated Market). 
(2) 
Authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France in connection with the update of the Programme. Any drawdown of Notes under 
the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations, requires the prior authorisation of 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer in accordance with Article L. 228-40 of the French Code de 
commerce. The CEO (Directeur Général) and the Group CFO (Directeur Financier Groupe) of the 
Issuer, each acting separately, benefit from an authorisation granted on 15 December 2020 by the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer to issue Notes up to an outstanding maximum aggregate amount of 
€4,000,000,000 for a period of one (1) year as from 1 January 2021. 
(3) 
Legends 
Each Definitive Bearer Materialised Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: "Any 
United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code". 
(4) 
Clearing Systems 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are 
entities in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code and the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for 
each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L- 1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the 
Issuer or with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
(5) 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young Audit which is regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, duly 
authorised as Commissaires aux Comptes and member of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires 
aux Comptes, Tour First, 1-2, place des saisons, Courbevoie, Paris La Défense, France and KPMG 
S.A., which is regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, duly authorised as 
Commissaires aux Comptes, and member of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux 
Comptes, Immeuble Tour Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta, 92066 Paris La Défense, France, have audited 
and rendered unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the 
year ended 31 December 2019. 
KPMG S.A., which is regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, duly authorised 
as Commissaires aux Comptes, and member of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux 
Comptes, Immeuble Tour Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta, 92066 Paris La Défense, France, and Mazars, 
which is regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, duly authorised as 
Commissaires aux Comptes, and member of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux 
Comptes, 61 rue Henri Regnault 92075 Paris La Défense, France have audited and rendered 
unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2020. 
(6) 
No Material Adverse Change in the Prospects of the Issuer 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including in the section entitled "Risk Factors" and with 
respect to the impact of the sanitary crisis resulting from the coronavirus (COVID-19)), there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020 (the end of the last 
financial period for which audited financial information has been published). 
(7) 
No Significant Change in the Issuer's Financial Position or Financial Performance  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including in the section entitled "Risk Factors" and with 
respect to the impact of the sanitary crisis resulting from the coronavirus (COVID-19)), there has been 
no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 
31 March 2021 (the end of the last financial period for which interim financial information has been 
published). 
(8) 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in the 2020 Universal Registration Document (p. 109 to 110) and in the Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending and threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) in twelve (12) months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had 
in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or its group’s financial position or profitability.  
(9) 
Election of Domicile 
The Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) elects domicile at the registered office of the Issuer. 
The address of this office is 13-15, quai le Gallo 92100 Boulogne Billancourt France. 
(10) 
Forward-Looking Statements

--- Page 109 ---
109 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain statements that are forward-looking including statements 
with respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its 
business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange 
rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words 
believe, expect, project, anticipate, seek, estimate or similar expressions. Such forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual 
results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. 
Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which 
speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts 
or estimates under Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
(11) 
Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "EUR" or "euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "£", "pounds 
sterling", "GBP" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", 
"USD" and "US Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to "¥", 
"JPY", "Japanese yen" and "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to "Swiss francs" 
or "CHF" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland, references to "S$" are to the lawful currency of 
Singapore, references to "A$" are to the lawful currency of the Commonwealth of Australia, references 
to "RUB" are to the lawful currency of Russia and references to "RMB", "CNY" or "Renminbi" refer 
to the Chinese Yuan Renminbi, the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China, which for the 
purpose of this document excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China (Hong Kong), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic 
of China and Taiwan (the PRC). 
(12) 
Past and further performance of underlying interest rate 
In respect of floating interest rate Notes, the Final Terms will specify where the information about the 
past and the further performance of the underlying interest rate and its volatility can be obtained by 
electronic means, and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge.  
(13) 
Yield 
In respect of any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the expected yield on the Notes shall 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield shall be calculated on the Issue Date of the Notes 
based on the Issue Price.  
(14) 
Rating 
The Programme has been rated BB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and Ba2 by 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody's). The long term debt of the Issuer is rated BB+ with a negative 
outlook by S&P and Ba2 with a negative outlook by Moody’s. Each of S&P and Moody's is established 
in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation). 
As such, each of S&P and Moody's is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Notes will have such rating, 
if any, as is assigned to them by the relevant rating organisation as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned under 
the Programme. Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating 
of a Tranche of Notes (if any) will be specified in the Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will 
specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
(15) 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation). In this case, a statement will be included in 
the relevant Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included 
in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
(16) 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the Stabilising Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) 
in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is 
no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) 
will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, 
may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche. 
(17) 
Conflicts of interest  
Potential conflicts of interest involving the Dealers or the Calculation Agent 
All or some of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and/or may in the future 
engage, in lending, investment banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and 
commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities issued or guaranteed 
by any entity of the Group. They (i) have engaged or may engage in investment banking, trading or 
hedging activities including activities that may include prime brokerage business, financing 
transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in connection with offering 
of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) have acted or may act as financial 
advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, certain of 
such Dealers or their respective affiliates have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities 
of the Group. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions. The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related 
derivatives. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes 
and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgements 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions that may influence the 
amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes.  
Potential conflicts of interest involving administrative bodies of the Issuer

--- Page 111 ---
111 
To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, there is no conflict of interest between any of the private 
interests of the Issuer's directors and their duties towards the Issuer. There are no family ties between 
the members of the Board of Directors. 
The corporate officers are not bound to the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries by a service contract 
providing for any form of benefit to be granted. 
(18) 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 969500F7JLTX36OUI695.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer confirms that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
 
Renault 
13-15, quai le Gallo, 
92100 Boulogne Billancourt 
France 
 
Duly represented by: 
Patrick Claude 
VP Finance 
 
 
Made in Paris on 18 June 2021 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that 
the information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129.  
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such 
Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 18 June 2021 and is valid until 18 June 2022 and shall, 
during this period and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or 
substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number:  
n°21-237.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Renault 
13-15, quai le Gallo, 
92100 Boulogne Billancourt 
France 
Telephone: +33 1 76 84 04 04 
Arranger 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16, 60323 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98  
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Calculation Agent and Consolidation Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
Auditors to the Issuer 
with respect to the year ended 31 December 2019 
Ernst & Young Audit 
Tour First 
11, allée de l'Arche 
92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
with respect to the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 
KPMG Audit 
Immeuble Tour Eqho 
2, avenue Gambetta 
92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
with respect to the year ended 31 December 2020 
Mazars 
61 rue Henri Regnault 
92075 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
Legal Adviser to the Dealers 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
CS 90005 
75379 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
Legal Adviser to the Issuer 
Quitterie de Pelleport 
General Counsel of the Issuer 
Renault 
13-15, quai le Gallo, 
92100 Boulogne Billancourt 
France