--- Page 1 ---
-i- 
 
 
          BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
 
REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE  
(Formerly TE Holding S.A R.L.; a private company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and 
having its statutory seat in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
and 
REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V. 
(A private company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and having its statutory seat in The Hague) 
EURO 10,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Guaranteed by  
REPSOL, S.A. 
(A sociedad anónima organised under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain)  
On 5 October 2001, Repsol International Finance B.V. and Repsol, S.A. entered into a euro 5,000,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the Programme) and issued a base prospectus in respect thereof. The maximum amount of the Programme was increased from euro 5,000,000,000 to euro 
10,000,000,000 on 2 February 2007. Further base prospectuses describing the Programme were issued on 21 October 2002, 4 November 2003, 10 November 
2004, 2 February 2007, 28 October 2008, 23 October 2009, 25 October 2010, 27 October 2011, 25 October 2012, 17 October 2013, 30 May 2014, 22 
September 2015, 26 September 2016, 30 May 2017, 2 October 2018, 4 April 2019 and 3 April 2020. With effect from the date hereof, Repsol Europe Finance 
has acceded to the Programme as an additional issuer and the Programme has been updated. Any Notes (as defined below) to be issued on or after the date 
hereof under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions set out herein, save that Notes which are to be consolidated and form a single series with 
Notes issued prior to the date hereof will be issued subject to the terms and conditions of the Notes applicable on the date of issue for the first tranche of 
Notes of such series. Subject as aforesaid, this does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date hereof.  
Under the Programme, Repsol Europe Finance (REF) and Repsol International Finance B.V. (RIF, and together with REF, the Issuers and each an Issuer), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Notes guaranteed by 
Repsol, S.A. (the Guarantor) (the Notes). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed euro 10,000,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies), subject to increase as provided herein. Notes issued under the Programme will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
by the Guarantor.  
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 1129/2017, as 
amended or superseded (the Prospectus Regulation). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
CSSF) as competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Pursuant to article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 relating to 
prospectuses for securities (the Luxembourg Act), by approving this prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness 
of Notes to be issued hereunder or the quality or solvency of the Issuers. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuers or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. For the purposes of the Transparency Directive 2004/109/EC, each Issuer has selected Luxembourg as its ‘home member state’. The ‘home 
member state’ of the Guarantor for such purposes is Spain. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market (which is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(MiFID II)) and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Application may also be made for such Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Unlisted Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. According to the Luxembourg Act, the CSSF is not competent for approving prospectuses for 
the listing of money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months and complying with the definition of securities. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from 7 May 2021 (i.e., until 7 May 2022) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes and the issue price of the Notes, which are applicable to each 
Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme” below) of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (as defined in “General 
Description of the Programme” below). Such Final Terms will also specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (or any other market) and admitted to trading on the regulated market thereof (or any such other market).  
The Notes and the Guarantee (as defined below) will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and 
the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States of America (the United States or U.S.) or to U.S. persons or for the account or benefit of a U.S. 
person (as such term is defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme” below) of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form 
(each a Temporary Global Note) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a Permanent Global Note and together with the Temporary Global Note, the 
Global Notes). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, the relevant clearing systems will be

--- Page 2 ---
-ii- 
 
 
notified whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility and, if so, will be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme” below) to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg).  
Global Notes that are not issued in NGN form (Classic Global Notes or CGNs) may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, will) be deposited on the issue date of the Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the 
Common Depositary). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in 
“Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Guarantor is rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, respectively and 
Baa2 by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH. Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009(as amended) on credit rating agencies (the CRA Regulation). 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union (the EU) and registered under the CRA will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A list of rating agencies registered under the 
CRA Regulation can be found at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” below. 
___________________________________ 
 
 
Arranger 
 
 
BofA Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
BBVA 
Deutsche Bank 
MUFG 
Barclays 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Natixis 
BNP PARIBAS 
HSBC 
NatWest Markets 
BofA Securities 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
Santander 
CaixaBank 
J.P. Morgan 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Citigroup 
Mizuho Securities 
UBS Investment Bank 
Credit Agricole CIB 
Morgan Stanley 
UniCredit 
 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 May 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
-iii- 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PAGE 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .............................................................................................................................. 1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................ 7 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................... 14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................................. 36 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................. 42 
THE GROUP’S CARBON INTENSITY INDICATOR ............................................................................. 43 
DESCRIPTION OF REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V. ......................................................... 44 
DESCRIPTION OF REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE. .................................................................................. 46 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP .................................................................. 48 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................. 67 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................... 77 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................ 84 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............. 123 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 128 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 142

--- Page 4 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus contains no 
omissions likely to affect its import. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, Repsol, the Repsol Group, the Group and the Company refers to Repsol, S.A. 
together with its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, and 
the Guarantor refers to Repsol, S.A. only. 
References herein to Conditions are to the “Terms and Conditions of Notes” as they apply to Notes issued 
by either Repsol Europe Finance or Repsol International Finance B.V., as the case may be, and references 
to a numbered Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all the documents that are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). Any websites included in this 
Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the 
Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuers, 
the Guarantor or Repsol since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or Repsol since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
(U.S.) Securities Act and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The 
Notes are being offered and sold by the Dealers outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the U.S. or to U.S. persons. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers and sales of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale” 
below. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents or the 
Calculation Agent (together, the Agents), the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee accepts any 
responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be 
made by the Arranger, the Trustee, the Agents or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuers, 
the Guarantor, or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger, the Agents, the Trustee and each 
Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as

--- Page 5 ---
Page 2
referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or 
other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation, offer or invitation by any of the 
Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Agents, the Dealers or the Arranger to any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any financial statements to subscribe for or purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of 
Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or 
the Arranger undertakes to review the financial position or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.  
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to U.S.$ 
and U.S. dollars are to the lawful currency/units of currency of the United States; references to £ or 
Sterling are to the lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom; and references to € and euro 
are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements that reflect the Group’s intentions, beliefs or 
current expectations and projections about the Group’s future results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans, opportunities, trends and the 
markets in which the Group operates or intends to operate. Forward-looking statements involve all matters 
that are not historical fact. These and other forward-looking statements can be identified by the words 
“may”, “will”, “would”, “should”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “project”, “future”, 
“potential”, “believe”, “seek”, “plan”, “aim”, “objective”, “goal”, “strategy”, “target”, “continue” and 
similar expressions or their negatives. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous 
assumptions regarding the Group’s present and future business and the environment in which the Group 
expects to operate in the future. Forward-looking statements may be found in sections of this Base 
Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”, “Description of the Guarantor and the Group”, in the consolidated 
management reports that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (the Consolidated 
Management Reports), in the Strategic Plan for 2021-2025 presented by the Group on 26 November 2020 
(see “Description of the Guarantor and the Group—Strategy”) and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
and other factors that could cause the Group’s actual results of operations, financial position, liquidity, 
performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans or opportunities, as well as those of the 
markets the Group serves or intends to serve, to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, 
these forward-looking statements. 
Additional factors that could cause the Group’s actual results, financial position, liquidity, performance, 
prospects, opportunities or achievements or industry results to differ include, but are not limited to, those 
discussed under “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 6 ---
Page 3
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events described in this Base 
Prospectus may not occur. Additional risks that the Group may currently deem immaterial or that are not 
presently known to the Group could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in this Base 
Prospectus not to occur. Except as otherwise required by Dutch, Spanish, Luxembourg and other applicable 
securities laws and regulations and by any applicable stock exchange regulations, the Group undertakes no 
obligation to update publicly or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Given the uncertainty inherent in forward-looking statements, prospective investors are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these statements. 
HYDROCARBON AND GAS RESERVES CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
Hydrocarbon and gas reserves and resource estimates are expressions of engineering and economic analysis 
and interpretation based on knowledge, experience and industry practice. Estimates that were valid when 
originally calculated may alter significantly when new information or techniques become available. 
Additionally, by their very nature, reserve and resource estimates are imprecise and depend to some extent 
on interpretations, which may prove to be inaccurate. As further information becomes available through 
additional drilling and analysis, the estimates are likely to change. This may result in alterations to 
development and production plans which may, in turn, adversely affect the Group’s operations. See also 
“Risk Factors—Risk Factors that May Affect the Issuers’ and the Guarantor’s Ability to Fulfil Their 
Obligations under The Notes—Risks Related to Repsol’s Business Activities and Industry—Risks related to 
the Group’s estimation of its oil and gas reserves”. 
CERTAIN TECHNICAL TERMS 
As used in this Base Prospectus: 
“boe” refers to barrels of oil equivalent; 
“boed” means barrels of oil equivalent per day; 
“k” prefix means thousand; 
“m” prefix means million; 
“/d” or “d” suffix means per day; and 
“scf” means standard cubic feet. 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time, one or both of the Issuers shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
pursuant to the Luxembourg Act, the relevant Issuer or the Issuers, as the case may be, shall prepare and 
make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus, which, in 
respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus, as required by the Luxembourg Act. The obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
The financial data incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in addition to the conventional 
financial performance measures established by International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the European Union (IFRS-EU), contains certain alternative performance measures (such as adjusted net

--- Page 7 ---
Page 4
income, EBITDA, etc.) (APMs) that are presented for the purposes of a better understanding of Repsol’s 
financial performance, cash flows and financial position, as these are used by Repsol when making 
operational or strategic decisions for the Group. The relevant metrics are identified as APMs and 
accompanied by an explanation of each such metric’s components and calculation method in “Appendix I: 
Alternative performance measures” to the “Consolidated Management Report 2020” and the “Consolidated 
Management Report 2019”, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Such measures should not be considered as a substitute for those required by IFRS-EU, are not accounting 
measures within the scope of IFRS-EU and may not be permitted to appear on the face of primary financial 
statements or footnotes thereto. These APMs may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other 
companies. Neither the assumptions underlying the APMs have been audited in accordance with IFRS-EU 
or any generally accepted accounting standards. In evaluating the APMs, investors should carefully 
consider the financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Although certain of this 
data has been extracted or derived from the financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, this data has not been audited or reviewed by the independent auditors. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / professional investors and ECPs only target market – The Final 
Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part

--- Page 8 ---
Page 5
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR product governance / professional investors and ECPs only target market – The Final 
Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE 
Unless otherwise stated at the time of the relevant issue of Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products/capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018)) and Excluded Investment Products/Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of 
Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including 
any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages 
are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal 
adviser. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a 
non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-
105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with any Notes issued under the Programme. 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS

--- Page 9 ---
Page 6
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing, and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should also consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference inter alia, to the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (EURIBOR) or the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of SONIA does not appear on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
BMR), while the administrator of EURIBOR (European Money Market Institute) does appear on such 
register. As far as the Issuers and the Guarantor are aware, SONIA does not fall within the scope of the 
BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the BMR.

--- Page 10 ---
Page 7
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Issuers:  
Repsol Europe Finance and Repsol International Finance B.V.  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) for 
Repsol Europe Finance: 
222100TAWUOMRM7NNG09 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) for 
Repsol International Finance B.V.: 
5493002YCY6HTK0OUR29 
Guarantor:  
Repsol, S.A.  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) for 
Repsol, S.A.: 
BSYCX13Y0NOTV14V9N85 
Description:  
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
Size:  
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. The Issuers may increase the size of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined 
in the section entitled “Subscription and Sale” below). 
Arranger:  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
Dealers:  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
 
Banco Santander, S.A.  
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE

--- Page 11 ---
Page 8
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
The Issuers may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
Permanent Dealers are to the persons listed above as Dealers and 
to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect 
of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and to Dealers are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee:  
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited  
Issuing and Paying Agent:  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale” below) including the following restrictions applicable at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year: 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Method of Issue:  
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical to (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest) the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in one or more 
tranches (each a Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein 
under the Conditions, save where the first Tranche of an issue 
which is being increased was issued under a base prospectus with 
an earlier date, in which case the Notes will be issued on the terms 
set forth in that base prospectus. The specific terms of each 
Tranche will be set forth in the final terms for such Tranche (the

--- Page 12 ---
Page 9
Final Terms). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the relevant Issuer and each relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only. Each Tranche of 
Notes will be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note if 
(i) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such 
Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and are being 
issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined in “Selling 
Restrictions” in this section “General Description of the 
Programme”), otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a 
Permanent Global Note. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the relevant Dealer.  
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
If the Global Note is intended to be issued in NGN form, the 
Global Note representing Notes will, on or before the issue date 
for each Tranche, be delivered to a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. If the Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form, the Global Note representing 
Notes may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will), on or before the issue date for 
each Tranche, be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes relating 
to Notes that are not listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange may also be deposited with any other clearing 
system or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided 
that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the relevant Dealer.  
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s).  
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from one month from the date of original 
issue. 
Specified Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that: (i) the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required, from time to time, by the relevant regulatory authority 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency; and (ii) the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European

--- Page 13 ---
Page 10
Economic Area (EEA) or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the EEA in circumstances which would otherwise require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of issue of the Notes). 
 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note 
or Permanent Global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so 
permit, the Notes will be tradable as follows: (a) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in another currency), in the authorised denomination 
of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral 
multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
thereafter, or (b) if the Specified Denomination stated in the 
relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency) and integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency) in excess thereof, in the minimum authorised 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
and higher integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency), notwithstanding that no definitive notes will be 
issued with a denomination above €199,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the issue date of the first Tranche of a Series; 
or 
 
(ii) by reference to EURIBOR or SONIA as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates 
in the same interest period. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts 
payable, which shall not be less than par. Unless permitted by the 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated

--- Page 14 ---
Page 11
in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, must have a minimum redemption 
amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders. 
 
For so long as all of the Notes are represented by one or both of 
the Global Notes and such Global Note(s) is/are held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, no selection of Notes 
to be redeemed will be required under the Conditions in the event 
that the relevant Issuer exercises its option pursuant to Condition 
5(d) in respect of less than the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes outstanding at such time. In such event, the partial 
redemption will be effected in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion). 
Risk Factors: 
The section titled “Risk Factors” of this Base Prospectus sets out, 
among other things, certain factors that may affect the Issuers’ 
and/or the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil their respective obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme and certain other factors 
that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with such Notes. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes and the guarantee in respect of them will constitute 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer 
and the Guarantor, respectively, all as described in Condition 2 
(Guarantee and Status). 
Negative Pledge: 
See Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
See Condition 8 (Events of Default). 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer prior to maturity 
only for tax reasons. See Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options). 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of the Netherlands, the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Kingdom of Spain, subject 
to customary exceptions (including the ICMA Standard EU 
Exceptions). All payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to

--- Page 15 ---
Page 12
FATCA, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto, and no additional amounts shall be payable on 
account of any such FATCA withholding or deduction. See 
Condition 7 (Taxation). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them) are governed by English law. For the 
avoidance of doubt, articles 470-1 to 470-19 of Luxembourg Law 
of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended from 
time to time, shall not apply.  
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. As specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions: 
United States, EEA Retail Investors, UK Retail Investors, United 
Kingdom, Spain, Belgium, Japan, Switzerland, The Netherlands, 
Hong Kong, Singapore and the Republic of Italy. See 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
 
Each Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of 
the Code) (the D Rules) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state 
that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form 
that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) 
(the C Rules) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in compliance 
with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the 
Notes will not constitute “registration required obligations” under 
the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be 
treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory

--- Page 16 ---
Page 13
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency operating in the European Union before 7 June 2010 which 
has submitted an application for registration in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation and such registration is not refused or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 17 ---
Page 14
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as well as 
their own personal circumstances, before deciding to invest in any Notes. Prospective investors should 
have particular regard to, among other matters, the considerations set out in this section of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that each of the following risk factors, many of which are 
beyond the control of the Issuers and the Guarantor or are difficult to predict, may materially affect its 
financial position and its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
Risk factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
Those risk factors that the Issuers and the Guarantor believe are the most material as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus have been presented first in each category. The order of presentation of the remaining 
risk factors in each category is not intended to be an indication of the probability of their occurrence or of 
their potential effect on the Issuers’ or the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
Furthermore, the order of presentation of the categories themselves is not intended to be an indication of 
their importance or materiality. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that the risk factors described below represent the principal 
risk factors inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuers or 
the Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for 
other reasons, which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuers and the Guarantor based on 
information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate.  
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their 
own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and 
carefully review the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision 
in the light of the prospective investor’s personal circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions shall have the same meanings in this section. 
(I) RISK FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUERS’ AND THE GUARANTOR’S ABILITY 
TO FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
The risk factors set out below are applicable to the Issuers as members of the Repsol Group, and the 
Guarantor. 
1. 
 RISKS RELATING TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND TO THE GROUP’S STRATEGY  
Risks related to climate change. 
Repsol is exposed to risks associated with climate change. These risks comprise both physical and so-called 
transitional risks. Physical risks derive from the physical effects of climate change such as rise in 
temperature, sea-level rise, changes in precipitation patterns, fluctuations in water levels or more frequent 
occurrence of extreme temperatures, droughts or other extreme meteorological phenomena, such as 
cyclones or hurricanes. These effects could adversely impact both Repsol’s operations, assets and supply 
chains. So-called transitional risks include changes in laws, regulations, policies, obligations, social 
attitudes and customer preferences relating to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, which could 
adversely impact Repsol’s business and prospects. In addition, Repsol could be impacted by increased 
competition due to the entry of new market participants with business models and product offerings based 
on low-carbon energy sources.

--- Page 18 ---
Page 15
Over the short term, the Group believes the most relevant risks related to climate change are as follows: 
▪ 
the introduction of laws, regulations or policies affecting the Group’s operations or future 
investments arising either from the obligation to adopt measures to mitigate climate change or 
otherwise related to the environment, including regulations on carbon pricing, renewable energy, 
road transport vehicles, stricter emission limits and/or altering the generation mix (i.e., a 
combination of primary energy sources used in a geographical area), including through taxes; 
▪ 
harm to the reputation of the Group or the sector in which it operates generally due to social 
disapproval (whether or not justified) of its or their performance in relation to sustainable 
development initiatives or to any other expectation of Repsol’s stakeholders. Any such adverse 
trends of opinion may affect the Guarantor’s share price and initiatives that promote disinvestment 
in fossil fuel extraction companies to reduce the impact of their products on climate change may 
affect the shareholding base of the Guarantor; 
▪ 
price signals generated by climate change or energy transition scenarios, which modify the 
exposure to market risks such as the volatility of the price of crude oil, natural gas or other 
commodities, such as emission allowances (EU Emissions Trading System) and carbon credits 
(voluntary markets); and 
▪ 
greater difficulty or cost in raising funds to finance the development of certain projects due to shifts 
in investment positions that the financial sector or investors with exposure to the energy sector may 
adopt, such as new initiatives to contribute to climate targets, either voluntarily or as a result of 
regulations. 
Over the medium to long term, the Group believes the most relevant risks related to climate change are as 
follows: 
▪ 
changes in energy end-uses that lead to a reduction in demand for the Group’s products, either as a 
result of natural market dynamics or induced by regulation, such as the electrification of vehicle 
fleets or consumers’ preferences for innovative forms of mobility; 
▪ 
changes in primary energy sources towards less carbon-intensive alternatives, resulting in a higher 
percentage of such less carbon-intensive energy sources and a reduction of the contribution of 
fossil fuel sources; and 
▪ 
late adoption of new practices/processes/technologies for energy production (including renewable 
energies), distribution and storage, which ultimately prevail in the market or premature adoption of 
early or immature technologies, which ultimately fail to be adopted in the market. 
If Repsol is unable to successfully mitigate the risks related to climate change, including the adaption of its 
business to the changing energy environment, this could have an adverse impact on the business, financial 
position and results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Repsol Group’s strategy requires efficiency, innovation and suitable human capital in a highly 
competitive market. 
The oil and gas industry operates in the context of a highly competitive energy sector. This competition 
influences the conditions for accessing markets or following new business leads, the costs of licences and 
the pricing and marketing of products, requiring the Group’s attention and continuous efforts towards 
improving efficiency and reducing unit costs, without compromising operational safety or undermining the 
management of other strategic, operational and financial risks. 
Furthermore, the Repsol Group is exposed to negative impacts arising from the management of its 
organisation and its employees. If the Group were to fail to successfully recruit and retain diverse, skilled

--- Page 19 ---
Page 16
and experienced people or maintain a suitable organisational structure, both in terms of design and 
dimensioning, this could negatively affect its business. 
The implementation of the Group’s strategy requires a significant ability to anticipate and adapt to the 
market and continuous investment in technological advances, innovation and digitalisation. Should Repsol 
not be capable of anticipating and adapting to these market requirements or attracting and retaining human 
talent, it could have an adverse effect on the business, financial position and results of operations of the 
Repsol Group. 
Repsol may engage in acquisitions and investments and disposals as part of the Group’s strategy. 
As part of the Group’s strategy, Repsol may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals of interests. 
There can be no assurance that Repsol will identify suitable acquisition opportunities, obtain the financing 
necessary to complete and support such acquisitions or investments, acquire businesses on satisfactory 
terms, or that any acquired business will prove to be profitable. In addition, acquisitions and investments 
involve a number of risks, including possible adverse effects on Repsol’s operating income, risks 
associated with unanticipated events or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses which may 
not have been disclosed during due diligence investigations, difficulties in the assimilation of the acquired 
operations, technologies, systems, services and products, and risks arising from contractual conditions that 
are triggered by a change of control of an acquired company.  
Any failure to successfully integrate such acquisitions could have a material adverse effect upon the 
business, results of operations or financial condition of Repsol. Any disposal of interests may also 
adversely affect Repsol’s financial condition, if such disposal results in a loss to Repsol. 
Should any such risks materialise, this could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO GEOPOLITICAL AND MACROECONOMIC CONDITIONS 
Risks related to the location of Repsol’s activities. 
Parts of the Group’s oil and gas reserves and Repsol’s activities are located in countries or regions that are, 
or could in the future become, economically or politically unstable. This could lead to situations such as an 
increase of taxes and royalties, the establishment of production limits and volumes for exports, mandatory 
renegotiations or annulment of contracts, regulation of product prices, nationalisation, expropriation or 
confiscation of assets, loss of concessions, changes in government policies, changes in commercial customs 
and practices, currency exchange restrictions and delayed payments. These may in turn limit the Group’s 
ability to pursue new opportunities, affect the recoverability of the Group’s assets or cause it to incur 
additional costs, particularly due to the long-term nature of many of the Group’s projects and significant 
capital expenditure required. 
In addition, political changes may lead to changes in the business environment. Economic downturns, 
political instability or civil disturbances may disrupt the Group’s supply chain or limit sales in the markets 
affected by such events and affect the safety of employees and contractors and the integrity of the Group’s 
assets. 
In general, but in particular in certain countries where the Group operates, Repsol is exposed to potential 
impacts deriving from acts of direct violence that may endanger the integrity of the Group’s assets, both 
tangible and intangible, and the safety and wellbeing of the persons linked to the Group as a result of the 
actions of persons or groups motivated by any interests, whether governmental or not, including, among 
other things, acts of terrorism, criminal activity and piracy. 
As disclosed in Note 20.3 to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020, the countries where Repsol was exposed to geopolitical risk as of 31 December 2020 were

--- Page 20 ---
Page 17
Venezuela, Libya and Algeria, where the Group’s combined proved reserves amounted to 449 Mboe as of 
31 December 2020 and the Group’s combined average production of such countries for the year ended 31 
December 2020 was 85 kboe/d.  
The exposure of the Group, its assets (including reserves) and employees to economically, socially or 
politically unstable countries or regions could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position 
and results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Risks related to uncertainty in the current economic context.  
The COVID-19 pandemic is inflicting high and rising costs worldwide, both human and economic. 
According to the latest International Monetary Fund (IMF) projections (World Economic Outlook April 
2021), global GDP is estimated to have contracted by 3.3% in 2020, worse than during the 2008–09 
financial crisis, but also a quicker rebound is expected with the IMF projecting that the global economy 
will grow by 6.0% in 2021 and 4.4% in 2022. 
There is a higher-than-usual degree of uncertainty in the current economic context. It is estimated that in 
April 2020, when general economic activity bottomed out in many countries due to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the global economy was contracting by 20% year-on-year. In June 2020, as many economies 
eased restrictions, activity began to pick up much faster than expected due to strong support from economic 
policies. This resulted in a very positive third quarter of 2020 for activity. However, surging infections in 
late 2020 and the beginning of 2021 (including from new variants of the COVID-19 virus) and renewed 
lockdowns have had an adverse impact on economic recovery. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, developments around the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to 
influence economic activity, and the outcome of 2021 will depend a lot on the race between new strains of 
the virus and the vaccines.  
Multiple vaccine approvals and the launch of vaccination programmes in most countries have raised hopes 
of a turnaround in the COVID-19 pandemic later in 2021. However, an increase in infections and the 
prevalence of new strains of the virus could prolong the measures restricting mobility, and threaten to 
reduce the effectiveness of vaccines. Under this scenario, it will be very important that the stimulus 
measures be prolonged over time and position as regards the economic output would depend on the success 
of the economic policies in both avoiding the tightening in financial conditions and reactivating the 
economic activity. In any event, the strength of the recovery could vary significantly across countries, 
depending on vaccination progress, effectiveness of policy support and the margin to maintain over time 
the stimulus policies and structural characteristics entering the COVID-19 crisis. 
The global economy also faces other risks. Although global trade tensions have eased, a growing strategic 
competition between the U.S. and China appears to continue, threatening a decoupling between the two 
economies. This would have ramifications for global growth affecting investment and the demand for 
capital goods.  
Should any of these risks materialise, this could lead to an abrupt shift in risk sentiment and expose 
financial vulnerabilities built up over years of low interest rates. Low inflation in advanced economies 
could become entrenched and constrain monetary policy space further into the future, limiting its 
effectiveness. The global economy also remains at risk from the effects of climate change.  
The Group is exposed to the uncertain macroeconomic context in a number of ways:  
▪ 
An economic downturn in any of the countries in which the Group operates negatively affects 
business and consumer confidence, economic activity levels, unemployment trends and the state of 
the residential and commercial real estate sector. This in turn, may impact the Group’s customers, 
resulting in their inability to pay amounts owed to the Group and may affect demand for the 
Group’s goods and services. For example, the widespread decline in global economic activity and

--- Page 21 ---
Page 18
indicators in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the profitability of the Group’s 
main businesses. See sections 2 (Covid-19: Impacts and Resilience Plan) and 6.1 (Financial 
performance and shareholder remuneration) of the Consolidated Management Report for the year 
ended 31 December 2020, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
▪ 
Should demand for crude oil, gas, electricity or oil derivatives drop beneath the Group’s forecasts 
as a result of an economic slowdown, the results of its main businesses would be adversely affected 
as this would affect business volume.  
▪ 
An economic downturn also negatively affects the state of the equity, bond and foreign exchange 
markets, including their liquidity. This might affect the reasonable value of financial assets and 
liabilities and increase the Group’s financing costs, all of which could give rise to an impairment of 
the goodwill and the intangible or tangible fixed assets of the Group.  
The Group is not able to predict how the economic cycle is likely to develop in the short term or the 
coming years or whether there will be a return to a recessive phase of the global economic cycle. Any 
further deterioration of the current economic situation in the markets in which the Group operates could 
have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO REPSOL’S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY 
Risks related to fluctuations in international commodity prices and demand. 
World oil prices have fluctuated greatly in recent years and are driven by international supply and demand 
factors, which are beyond the Group’s control.  
International product prices are influenced by the price of crude oil and the demand for such products. 
Also, international prices of crude oil and products affect the refining margin. International oil prices and 
demand for crude oil may also fluctuate significantly during economic cycles. In addition to the 
macroeconomic environment, the scenarios associated with the energy transition process and the effects of 
climate change can also affect the price of other commodities such as electricity and emissions allowances 
and carbon credits.  
The annual average price of a barrel of Brent crude oil has been highly volatile in the last decade, falling 
from a maximum average of U.S.$111.7/bbl in 2012 to a minimum average of U.S.$41.8/bbl in 2020 
(U.S.$64.2/bbl in 2019). In respect of gas prices (Henry Hub), prices are also highly volatile, from a 
maximum average of U.S.$ 4.4/Mbtu in 2014 to a minimum average of U.S.$2.1/Mbtu in 2020 
(U.S.$2.6/Mbtu in 2019). Crude oil and natural gas prices are also influenced by geopolitical factors, 
including but not limited to, demand in China, India and Japan due to nuclear shutdown, oversupply of 
crude oil, the strong U.S. dollar and general market volatility.  
Although COVID-19 cases are currently increasing again globally, the increased roll-out of the vaccine 
helps stimulate demand for commodities. Prices of oil crude rebounded to above U.S.$66/bbl in February 
2021 and those levels were maintained in April 2021. Central bank and governmental stimulus measures 
risk significant inflationary pressures as the global economy rebounds which is likely to increase the price 
of oil further. But with high levels of unemployment and salaries likely to stagnate this could create 
problems for the global economy and demand for crude oil. With prices above U.S.$65 per barrel there 
have already been signals that demand in the important growth countries of India and China are falling. 
Further increases in the price of oil will accelerate the demand trap. A too slow return to production in 
Saudi Arabia may lead to an overshoot in prices and a too fast return could flood the market and overcome 
a demand yet deteriorated by the COVID-19 pandemic, so much depends on how Saudi Arabia manages 
the return of crude oil to the Market.  
On 1 April 2021, OPEC+ agreed to raise crude oil production by 350 thousand barrels per day (kbpd) in 
May 2021 and June 2021 and 4.4 kbpd in July 2021. Additionally, Saudi Arabia will ease its voluntary

--- Page 22 ---
Page 19
reduction of 1 million barrels per day (mbpd) by 250 kbpd in May 2021, 350 kbpd in June 2021 and 400 
kbpd in July 2021. This means that OPEC+ intends to increase its production by 2.1 mbpd over the next 
three months from May 2021 to July 2021. Rebound in oil prices will be determined by how quickly 
demand returns, refinery utilisation increases excess oil inventories are drained. In June 2020, the 
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (the OECD) oil stocks rose by 18.7 million 
barrels to 3,324 million barrels, which is 295.9 million barrels higher than June 2019 and 285.9 million 
barrels above the 2015-19 average. But OPEC+ always wanted to return inventories to the level between 
2010-14 and, as of December 2020, inventories are 546.4 million barrels above that level. To return to the 
current 5-year average would require a 1.73mbpd drawdown in only OECD inventories or the previous 5-
year target (2010-14) which would require 3.3mbpd drawdowns. Another risk from the supply side, 
although less likely, is an increase of U.S. shale production, but the historic low activity and current price 
level (approximately U.S.$40/bl) are curtailing any chance for a quick recovery.  
Reductions in crude oil and gas prices negatively affect Repsol’s profitability and the value of its 
exploration and production assets and its plans for investment may have to change due to the delay, 
renegotiation or cancellation of projects. Likewise, any significant decrease in capital investment allocated 
to acquire, discover or develop new reserves could have an adverse effect on Repsol’s ability to replace its 
crude oil and gas reserves. Any such fluctuations in international prices of crude oil and gas, reference 
products or other commodities (such as gas, electricity, emissions allowances and carbon credits) as well as 
demand could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and results of operations of the 
Repsol Group. 
Risks related to the Group’s estimation of its oil and gas reserves. 
In the estimation of proved and unproved oil and gas reserves, Repsol uses the criteria established by the 
“SPE/WPC/AAPG/SPEE/SEG/SPWLA/EAGE Petroleum Resources Management System”, commonly 
referred to by its acronym, SPE-PRMS, with SPE standing for the Society of Petroleum Engineers. 
The accuracy of these estimates depends on a number of different factors, assumptions and variables, such 
as exploration and development activities including drilling, testing and production. After the date of the 
estimate, the results of activities may entail substantial upward or downward corrections in the estimate 
based on the quality of available geological, technical and economic data used (including changes in 
hydrocarbon prices) and its interpretation and valuation. Moreover, the production performance of 
reservoirs and recovery rates depend significantly on available technologies as well as Repsol’s ability to 
implement them.  
As a result of the foregoing, estimates of reserves are not precise and are subject to revision. The estimate 
of proved and unproved reserves of oil and gas will also be subject to correction due to errors in the 
implementation of, and/or changes in, the standards published. Any downward revision in estimated 
quantities of proved reserves could adversely impact the Repsol Group, leading to increased depreciation, 
depletion and amortisation charges and/or impairment charges and, in turn, could have an adverse impact 
on the business, financial position and results of operations of the Repsol Group.  
Risks related to exploration and exploitation of hydrocarbons and the discovery and development of new 
reserves. 
Oil and gas exploration and production (E&P) activities are subject to particular risks, many of which are 
beyond Repsol’s control. These activities are exposed to production, facilities and transportation risks, 
errors or inefficiencies in operations management, purchasing processes and supply from contractors, 
natural hazards and other uncertainties relating to the physical characteristics of oil and gas fields, and their 
decommissioning. Furthermore, oil and gas exploration and development projects are complex in terms of 
their scale and by their very nature are susceptible to delays in execution and cost overruns with respect to 
initially-approved budgets. In addition to these risks, some of the Group’s development projects are located 
in deep waters, mature areas and other difficult environments such as the Gulf of Mexico, Alaska, the 
North Sea, Brazil and the Amazon rainforest, or in complex oilfields, which could aggravate these risks

--- Page 23 ---
Page 20
further. Moreover, any means of transport of hydrocarbons implies inherent risks: during road, rail, 
maritime or pipe transportation, hydrocarbons or other hazardous substances may be spilled. This is a 
significant risk due to the potential impact a spill could have on the environment and on people, especially 
considering the high volume of products that can be carried at any one time. Should these risks materialise, 
Repsol may suffer major losses, interruptions to its operations and harm to its reputation.  
Repsol’s own exploration and production facilities, such as exploratory or production wells, surface 
facilities or oil platforms, both onshore and offshore, are exposed to accidents such as fires, explosions, 
toxic product leaks and environmental incidents with a large potential impact. Such accidents may cause 
death and injury to employees, contractors, residents in surrounding areas, as well as damage to the assets 
and property owned by Repsol and third parties as well as damage to the environment. The Repsol Group is 
exposed to impacts from any type of damage or temporary interruption of service associated with accidents 
in operations or involving land, sea, river and air transport vehicles for people, substances, goods and 
equipment. 
Moreover, Repsol depends on the replacement of depleted oil and gas reserves with new proved reserves in 
a cost-effective manner for subsequent production to be economically viable. Repsol’s ability to acquire or 
discover new reserves is, however, subject to a number of risks. For example, drilling may involve negative 
results, not only with respect to dry wells, but also with respect to wells that are productive but do not 
produce sufficient net revenues to return a profit after drilling, operating and other costs are taken into 
account. In addition, Repsol generally faces intense competition in bidding for exploratory blocks, in 
particular those blocks offering the most attractive potential reserves. Such competition may result in 
Repsol’s failing to obtain the desirable blocks, or acquiring them at a higher price, which could render 
subsequent production economically unviable.  
If Repsol fails to acquire or discover, and, thereafter, develop new oil and gas reserves in a cost-effective 
manner, or if any of the risks referred to above were to materialise, its business, financial position and 
results of operations could be significantly and adversely affected. 
Risks related to Repsol’s natural gas operations.  
Natural gas prices tend to vary between the different regions in which Repsol operates as a result of 
significantly different supply, demand and regulatory circumstances, and such prices may be lower than 
prevailing prices in other regions of the world. In addition, excess supply conditions that exist in some 
regions cannot be utilised in other regions due to a lack of infrastructure and difficulties in transporting 
natural gas. 
Repsol has entered into long-term contracts to purchase and supply natural gas in various parts of the 
world. These contracts have different pricing formulas, which could result in higher purchase prices than 
the price at which such gas could be sold in increasingly liberalised markets. Furthermore, gas availability 
could be subject to the risk of counterparties breaching their contractual obligations. Thus, it might be 
necessary for Repsol to seek other sources of natural gas in the event of non-delivery from any of these 
sources, which could require payment of higher prices than those envisaged under the breached contracts. 
Repsol also has long-term contracts to sell and deliver gas to customers which present additional types of 
risks as they are pegged to existing proved reserves in these countries. Should available reserves in these 
countries prove insufficient, Repsol might not be able to satisfy its obligations under these contracts, some 
of which include penalty clauses for breach of contract.  
The occurrence of any of these risks could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of Repsol.

--- Page 24 ---
Page 21
Operating risks related to industrial businesses and the marketing of the Group’s products. 
The refining, chemical, trading, and production and distribution activities related to oil derivative products, 
gas and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), as well as the generation and commercialisation of electricity are 
exposed to risks which are inherent to their activities, including deviations in operational performance, 
supply chain risks, natural hazards and other uncertainties related to the products’ specific characteristics 
(flammability and toxicity), their use (including that of customers), emissions resulting from the production 
process (such as greenhouse gas effects), as well as the materials and waste used (dangerous waste, as well 
as water and energy management), which might impact health, safety and the environment. Repsol’s 
industrial and commercial assets, such as refineries, petrochemical complexes, regasification plants, power 
generation plants, bases and warehouses, port facilities, pipelines, ships, tanker trucks, service stations, 
etc.) are also exposed to accidents such as fires, explosions, leaks of toxic products, as well as large-scale 
contaminating environmental incidents. Such accidents may cause death and injury to employees, 
contractors, residents in surrounding areas, as well as damage to the assets and property owned by Repsol 
and third parties as well as damage to the environment. 
Industrial and commercial activities take place in a highly competitive environment. Refining and 
commercialisation margins may be affected by a number of factors, such as low demand arising from a 
deterioration in the economic situation of the countries in which Repsol’s Industrial and Commercial and 
Renewables business segments operate, the high price of crude oil and other raw materials, the trends of 
production-related energy costs and other commodities, excess refining capacity in Europe, and the 
growing competition from refineries in areas such as Russia, the Middle East, East Asia, and the U.S., 
where production costs are lower. Commercial businesses compete with international hydrocarbons 
industry operators as well as with other non-oil entities (supermarket chains as well as other commercial 
operators) to acquire or open service stations. Repsol’s service stations mainly compete based on price, 
service, and the availability of non-oil products.  
If any of these risks materialise, the activities of Repsol, its operational results and financial position could 
be significantly and adversely affected. 
Repsol is subject to risks relating to project execution and supply chain.  
Repsol’s organic growth depends on its ability to build and maintain a resilient portfolio in a variety of 
market contexts, which entails the creation or development of a portfolio of high-quality assets resulting 
not only from an efficient selection process, but also from guaranteeing their execution, through their entire 
life, from their inception to their decommissioning.  
However, the execution of such projects, which is sometimes carried out in extremely challenging 
conditions, is exposed to risks of a diverse nature, including geological, technical, economic, commercial, 
legal and regulatory risks, as well as those related to safety, environmental, and sustainability.  
Furthermore, as project execution also depends on the performance of third parties (including suppliers of 
goods, services and equipment, partners in joint arrangements, associates, and other parties) which are not 
under the direct control of Repsol, the Group is exposed to execution risk through such entities. These risks 
may compromise the deliverability of goods and services, the compliance with pre-agreed budgets and 
deadlines, and the fulfilment of defined specifications and/or operational reliability of Repsol’s projects. 
Accordingly, this could prevent or otherwise adversely affect the successful execution of the Group’s 
projects under agreed technical and financial conditions, and, accordingly, have a negative impact on the 
value of the Group’s assets, results of operations and financial position.  
The supply chain risk events can occur as a result of a variety of causes, including but not limited to the 
socio-political context, labour conflicts, operational performance issues, accidents or force majeure events, 
including the outbreak or threatened outbreak of any severe contagious disease, and can impact not only 
project execution, but the performance of the Group’s business activities as well.

--- Page 25 ---
Page 22
The occurrence of any of these risks could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of Repsol. 
Risks related to operations carried out through joint arrangements and associate companies.   
Certain of the Repsol Group’s business opportunities and operations are conducted through joint 
arrangements and associates (for further information see Note 13 and Annex I to the Guarantor’s 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020). There are certain risks that derive 
from these joint arrangements and associates, including risks relating to the potential unavailability of 
qualified partners to jointly develop business opportunities or conflicting views on the business plans to be 
developed. If Repsol does not act as the operator on those projects or operations, its ability to control and 
influence the performance and management of the operations and to identify and manage risk is limited. 
Additionally, there is a possibility that any of Repsol’s partners or members of a joint venture or associated 
company terminates the agreement or fails to comply with its financial or other obligations, which, in turn, 
could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and results of operations of the Repsol 
Group. 
Risks related to information technology. 
The reliability and security of the Group’s information technology (IT) systems are critical to maintaining 
the availability of its business processes and the confidentiality and integrity of the data belonging to the 
Group and third parties. 
The Group is in particular exposed to: 
▪ 
unavailability of critical IT infrastructure (central and local, including owned or external 
infrastructure), as well as critical system services (internal and external applications/platforms); 
and 
▪ 
cyber-attacks of any type, including contamination with malware affecting the availability and 
integrity of critical systems and its information, attacks specifically designed to target Repsol’s 
assets, theft of confidential information, theft of personal data, whether from customers, employees 
or other parties and external fraud through fraudulent mail, impersonation or phishing. 
The Repsol Group cannot guarantee that it will not suffer economic and/or material losses in the future 
caused by such events. Any such event could have an adverse effect on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Risks related to the Group’s insurance coverage.  
Repsol holds insurance coverage against certain risks inherent in the oil and gas industry in line with 
industry practice. Insurance coverage is subject to deductibles and limits that in certain cases may be 
materially exceeded by the losses and/or liabilities incurred. In addition, Repsol’s insurance policies 
contain exclusions that could leave the Group with limited coverage in certain circumstances. Repsol may 
also be unable to recover losses, in part or at all, in the event of the insolvency of its insurers. Furthermore, 
Repsol may not be able to maintain adequate insurance at rates or on terms considered reasonable or 
acceptable to Repsol, or be able to obtain insurance against certain risks that could materialise in the future. 
If Repsol were to experience an incident against which it is not insured, or the costs of which materially 
exceed its coverage, it could have an adverse effect on its business, financial position and results of 
operations. 
4. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS

--- Page 26 ---
Page 23
Risks related to administrative, judicial and arbitration proceedings. 
The Repsol Group is subject to the effects of administrative, judicial and arbitration proceedings, the scope, 
content and outcome of which cannot be predicted with precision. As of 31 December 2020, Repsol had 
recorded provisions for administrative, judicial and arbitration proceedings amounting to €891 million 
(compared to €948 million as of 31 December 2019). For more information, see Note 15 to the Guarantor’s 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the section entitled 
“Description of the Guarantor and the Group⸻Legal and Arbitration Proceedings”. 
In addition, the Repsol Group is subject to the effects of administrative and judicial proceedings with tax 
implications arising between Repsol and the tax authorities with respect to the tax treatment applicable to 
certain operations that might be adverse to the Group’s interest and that have given rise to litigious 
situations that could result in contingent tax liabilities. It is difficult to predict when these tax proceedings 
will be resolved due to the extensive appeals process. As of 31 December 2020, Repsol had recorded tax 
provisions amounting to €1,677 million (compared to €1,680 million as of 31 December 2019). For more 
information, see Note 22 to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020.  
Any current or future dispute inevitably involves a high degree of uncertainty and therefore any adverse 
outcome could affect the business, financial position and results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Risks related to the regulatory, tax framework and environmental and safety legislation of the Group’s 
operations. 
The energy industry and the Group’s activity is heavily regulated. The regulatory framework to which the 
Group is currently subject affects aspects such as the environment (environmental product quality, air 
emissions, climate change and energy efficiency, extraction technologies, water discharges, remediation of 
soil and groundwater and the generation, storage, transport, treatment and final disposal of waste 
materials), competition, taxation, employment, industrial safety and IT security, accounting and 
transparency regulations, labour regulations and data protection provisions among others. Any changes that 
may be made to the applicable standards or their interpretation or any disputes relating to their compliance 
may adversely affect the business, results and financial position of the Repsol Group. 
Upstream activities are subject to extensive regulation and intervention by governments, such as the award 
of exploration and production permits, the imposition of specific drilling and exploration obligations, 
restrictions on production, price controls, divestments of assets, foreign currency controls, and the 
nationalisation, expropriation or cancellation of contractual rights. Repsol’s Upstream activities are 
described in “Information on the Guarantor and the Group—Business overview—Upstream”. 
Likewise, in the Industrial business segment, oil refining and petrochemical activities, in general, are 
subject to extensive government regulation and intervention in matters such as safety and environmental 
controls. Repsol’s Industrial activities are described in “Information on the Guarantor and the Group—
Business overview—Industrial”. 
Specifically, Repsol is subject to extensive environmental and safety regulations in all the countries in 
which it operates. These regulations affect, among other matters, Repsol’s operations, environmental 
quality standards for products, air emissions and climate change, energy efficiency, extraction technologies, 
water discharges, remediation of soil and groundwater and the generation, storage, transportation, treatment 
and final disposal of waste materials and safety.  
As a result of Repsol’s acquisition on 8 May 2015 of Repsol Oil & Gas Canada, Inc. (ROGCI), formerly 
Talisman Energy, Inc., Repsol increased its activity in unconventional hydrocarbons. From an 
environmental and social standpoint, concern over the environmental impact of exploring for and 
producing these types of resources could prompt governments and authorities to approve new regulations 
or impose new requirements on their development.

--- Page 27 ---
Page 24
In addition, the energy sector, and particularly the oil and gas industry, is subject to a unique tax 
framework. In Upstream activities it is common to see specific taxes on profit and production, and with 
respect to the Industrial and Commercial and Renewables business segments, the existence of taxes on 
product consumption is also common.  
Repsol cannot predict changes to such laws or regulations or their interpretation, or the implementation of 
certain policies. Any such changes could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of the Repsol Group.  
Risks related to sanctions. 
The European Union, its Member States, the United States of America and various other countries, as well 
as the United Nations, may impose economic and trade sanctions or embargoes with respect to certain 
countries in support of their respective foreign policy and security goals. These economic and trade 
sanctions or embargoes generate restrictions with respect to activities or transactions with countries, 
governments, entities or individuals that are the target of the corresponding sanctions, such as those related 
to activities in Venezuela. 
While Repsol has always been, and is fully committed to, complying with any applicable international 
regulations on sanctions and embargoes and has not been sanctioned and does not engage in, and does not 
expect to engage in, any actions that would cause it to breach any sanctions regime applicable to it, there 
can be no assurance that Repsol’s operations will not be affected by international sanctions in the future, 
which could have an adverse effect on its financial position, businesses, or results of operations.  
Risks related to misconduct or violations of applicable legislation by Repsol’s employees. 
In the development of Repsol’s activities, its directors, executives and employees, who perform duties 
which involve relationships with counterparties such as authorities, partners and contractors, among others, 
could potentially commit breaches of the Group’s internal Ethics and Business Conduct Code, therefore 
failing to comply with the principles of corporate loyalty, good faith, integrity and respect for the law and 
the ethical values defined by the Group. Potential breaches include, but are not limited to, corruption or 
other criminal offences, fraudulent disclosure of financial or non-financial information, market 
manipulation, tax fraud and human rights violations. 
The existence of management or employee misconduct or breach of applicable legislation or the Group’s 
internal code, when occurring, could cause harm to the Group’s reputation, in addition to incurring 
sanctions and legal or criminal liability. 
5. 
FINANCIAL RISKS 
Market risk. 
Repsol’s results of operations and shareholders’ equity are exposed to market risks due to fluctuations in (i) 
commodity prices, (ii) the exchange rates of the currencies in which the Group operates, and (iii) interest 
rates. 
(i) 
Commodity price risk. In the normal course of operations and trading activities, the earnings of the 
Repsol Group are exposed to volatility in the price of oil, natural gas, CO2 emission allowances, 
electricity prices and related derivative products (see also “—Risks Related to Repsol’s Business 
Activities and Industry—Risks related to fluctuations in international commodity prices and 
demand” and “—Risks Related To Repsol’s Business Activities and Industry—Risks related to 
Repsol’s natural gas operations” above). Therefore, changes in prices of crude oil, natural gas and 
their derivatives could have an adverse effect on the Repsol Group’s business, results and financial 
position.

--- Page 28 ---
Page 25
(ii) 
Exchange rate fluctuation risk. Fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect the results of 
transactions and the value of Repsol’s equity. In general, this exposure to fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates stems from the fact that the Group has assets, liabilities and cash flows denominated 
in a currency other than the functional currency of the Repsol Group. Cash flows generated by oil, 
natural gas and refined product sales are generally denominated in U.S. dollars. Repsol is also 
exposed to exchange risk in relation to the value of its financial assets and investments, 
predominantly those denominated in U.S. dollars. 
In addition, cash flows from transactions carried out in the countries where Repsol conducts its 
activities are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates of the respective local currencies 
against the major currencies in which the raw materials used as reference for the fixing of prices in 
the local currency are traded. Repsol’s financial statements are expressed in euros and, 
consequently, the assets and liabilities of subsidiary investee companies with a different functional 
currency are translated into euros. 
(iii) 
Interest rate risk. The market value of the Group’s net financing and net interest expenses could be 
affected as a consequence of interest rate fluctuations which could affect the interest income and 
interest cost of financial assets and liabilities tied to floating interest rates, as well as the fair value 
of financial assets and liabilities tied to a fixed interest rate.  
Although, when considered appropriate, Repsol may decide to hedge the interest rate risk by means 
of derivative financial instruments for which there is a liquid market, these hedging mechanisms 
are limited and, therefore, could be insufficient. Consequently, changes in interest rates could have 
an adverse effect on the Repsol Group’s business, results and financial position. 
For further additional details on these financial risks, see Note 9 and Note 10, which includes the sensitivity 
of the net profit/loss and equity, to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020 and 2019, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Credit risk. 
Credit risk is the risk of a third party failing to carry out its contractual obligations resulting in a cost or loss 
to the Group. 
The exposure of the Group to credit risk is mainly attributable to commercial debts from trading 
transactions, which are measured and controlled in relation to customers or individual third parties. To this 
end, the Group has, in line with best practices, its own systems for a constant monitoring of the 
creditworthiness of all its debtors and determining risk limits with respect to third parties. 
As a general rule, the Group establishes a bank guarantee issued by financial entities as the most suitable 
instrument of protection from credit risk. In some cases, the Group has taken out credit insurance policies 
to transfer partially the credit risk related to the commercial activity of some of its businesses to third 
parties. 
Additionally, the Group is exposed to counterparty risk derived from non-commercial contractual 
transactions that may lead to defaults. In these cases, the Group analyses the solvency of counterparties 
with which the Group has or may have non-commercial contractual transactions. Any breach of payment 
obligations by Repsol’s customers and counterparties, in the agreed time frame and form, could result in an 
adverse effect on Repsol’s business, results or financial position. 
The exposure of the Group to credit risk is mainly attributable to commercial debts from trading 
transactions, which are measured and controlled in relation to customers or individual third parties.  
For further information see, Note 10.3 to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 29 ---
Page 26
Credit rating risk.  
Credit rating agencies regularly rate the Group, and their ratings are based on, among other things, external 
factors, such as the conditions that affect the oil and gas sector, the general state of the economy and the 
performance of the financial markets. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term credit ratings of the Guarantor are as follows: 
 
Standard & Poor’s 
Moody’s 
Fitch Ratings 
Long-term credit rating 
of the Guarantor 
BBB (stable outlook) 
Baa2 (negative outlook) 
BBB (stable outlook) 
Credit ratings affect the pricing and other conditions under which the Repsol Group is able to obtain 
financing. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Any downgrade in the credit rating of the Guarantor could restrict or limit the Group’s access to the 
financial markets, increase its new borrowing costs and have a negative effect on its liquidity. 
Liquidity risk. 
Liquidity risk is associated with the Group’s ability to finance its obligations at reasonable market prices, 
as well as its ability to carry out its business plans with stable financing sources. 
In the case that Repsol were unable to meet its needs for liquidity in the future or needed to be required to 
incur increased costs to meet them, this could have an adverse effect on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
For further information, see Note 10.2 to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
Achieving Carbon Intensity Indicator (CII) Targets or any similar sustainability performance targets 
may require the Group to expend significant resources, while not meeting any such targets would result 
in increased cost of funding and could expose the Group to reputational harm 
Achieving any CII Targets (as defined in the Conditions) will require the Group to reduce the emissions 
derived from the Group’s activity, as well as those associated with the use of fuel products derived from 
primary energy production (oil and natural gas). As a result, achieving CII Targets in respect of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes (SLNs) or any similar sustainability performance targets the Group may 
choose to include in future financings or other arrangements will require the Group to expend significant 
resources. 
In addition, if the Group does not achieve the relevant CII Targets in respect of any SLNs or any such 
similar sustainability performance targets the Group may choose to include in any future financings, it 
would not only result in increased payments under the SLNs (either in the form of one or more interest rate 
step ups or in the form of one or more additional payments upon redemption) but could also harm the 
Group’s reputation, the consequences of which could, in each case, have a material adverse effect on the 
Group, its business, financial position and results of operations.

--- Page 30 ---
Page 27
(II) RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
1. RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets 
with sustainability characteristics 
Although the Notes may be issued as SLNs, such SLNs may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any 
binding or non-binding standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics (either now or 
in the future). In particular, the SLNs are not being marketed as “green bonds”, “social bonds” or 
“sustainability bonds” as the net proceeds of the issue of the SLNs will be used for the Group’s general 
corporate purposes and are therefore not necessarily be used for the financing or refinancing of green, 
social or sustainable assets or projects. Accordingly, none of the Issuers or the Guarantor commits to (i) 
allocating the net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting sustainability criteria or 
(ii) being subject to any other limitations or requirements regarding the use of proceeds that may be 
associated with green bonds, social bonds or sustainability bonds in any particular market. 
In the context of the Group’s commitment to become a net zero emissions company by 2050, the Group has 
developed a CII expressed, on a net basis, in grams of carbon dioxide equivalent per megajoule (g 
CO2e/MJ) that measures CO2e emissions for every unit of energy that Repsol makes available to society. 
The CII is the basis for setting emissions reduction targets over time, to reach net zero emissions by 2050 
and each SLN will specify one or more of such reduction targets as the sustainability performance targets 
for the purposes of the SLN. The CII is uniquely tailored to Repsol’s business, operations and capabilities, 
and does not easily lend itself to benchmarking against similar sustainability performance targets, and the 
related performance, of other issuers.  
The Group’s ability to meet its emissions reduction targets 
Although the Group intends to achieve its emissions reduction targets over time, to reach net zero 
emissions by 2050, there can be no assurance of the extent to which the Group will be successful in doing 
so or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of this target will meet investor expectations or 
any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own internal requirements. It will not be an Event of Default 
under any SLNs if the relevant Issuer fails to meet the emissions reduction targets specified for the relevant 
SLN.  
The Group’s ability and autonomy to calculate its CII  
SLNs include certain triggers linked to the Group’s CII, which is calculated and not a measured number. 
The CII calculations are carried out internally (i.e., by the Group itself, based on broadly accepted 
standards) and, in respect of any SLNs, will be verified externally by an Assurance Provider (as defined in 
the Conditions) under the standard for assurance over non-financial information “ISAE 3000” or similar 
industry-accepted standards. However, the standards and guidelines may change over time and investors 
should be aware that the way in which the Group calculates its CII may also change over time. 
For example, in calculating the CII for the relevant CII Reference Year, the Guarantor may exclude the 
impact of any material amendment to, or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and 
policies relating to the business of the Group, which occurs between the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the SLNs and the last day of the relevant CII Reference Year.

--- Page 31 ---
Page 28
Risks related to Green Bonds  
The net proceeds from the issue of any Notes will be on-lent by the relevant Issuer to, or invested by the 
relevant Issuer in, other companies within the Repsol Group, for use by such companies for general 
corporate purposes or any particular purpose defined in the applicable Final Terms of an issue or 
specifically to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects in accordance with 
prescribed eligibility criteria (any such Notes, Green Bonds). See also the section entitled “Use of 
Proceeds” for further detail. 
Regardless of whether any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market, no assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or the Dealers that the use 
of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects.  
In addition, although the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may agree at the time of issue of any Green 
Bonds to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds so specified in, or substantially in accordance with, the 
eligibility criteria, it would not be an Event of Default under the Green Bonds if such obligations are not 
complied with for whatever reason.  
Any failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds in connection with Eligible Green Projects 
or any failure to meet, or continue to meet the eligibility criteria, or the withdrawal of any second-party 
opinion, or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds and also potentially 
the value of any other Green Bonds which are intended by either Issuer to finance Eligible Green Projects 
or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. Prospective investors must determine for themselves whether the proposed 
Green Bonds meet their requisite investment criteria and conduct any other investigations they deem 
necessary to reach their own conclusions as to the merits of investing in any such Green Bonds. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what 
precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or such other equivalent label 
nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any 
prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given 
(whether by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Dealers, the Arranger, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent or any other person) to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
Risks related to exchange rates and exchange controls. 
The principal of, or any interest on, Notes may be payable in, or determined by reference to, one or more 
Specified Currencies. For Noteholders whose financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Noteholder’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency in which the related Notes 
are denominated, an investment in such Notes entails significant risks that are not associated with a similar 
investment in a Note denominated and payable in such Noteholder’s Currency.  
Such risks include the possibility of significant changes in the rate of exchange between the applicable 
Specified Currency and the Noteholder’s Currency and the possibility of the imposition or modification of 
exchange controls by authorities with jurisdiction over such Specified Currency or the Noteholder’s

--- Page 32 ---
Page 29
Currency. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and political 
events over which Repsol has no control.  
Government or monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, 
exchange controls that could affect exchange rates as well as the availability of the Specified Currency in 
which a Note is payable at the time of payment of the principal or interest in respect of such Note. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes referencing such 
benchmarks.  
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are 
the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. This has 
resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the BMR) and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the he European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK BMR) apply to “contributors”, 
“administrators” and “users” of “benchmarks” in the EU and the UK, respectively and could have a 
material impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR or the UK BMR. 
Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which 
are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory reform. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks 
may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or benchmarks could be 
eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
The potential elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, 
could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any 
Notes referencing such benchmark.  
Under the Conditions, certain replacement provisions will apply if a benchmark (or any component part 
thereof) used as a reference for the calculation of interest amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes 
were to be discontinued or otherwise become unavailable. See Conditions 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes) and 4(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
For example, where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances 
where such Original Reference Rate is unavailable, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or 
replacement may be available, in which case the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. Where such quotations are 
not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for the determination of such 
Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was unavailable.  
Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference 
banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely 
affect the value of, and return on, the floating rate Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
Page 30
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 4(k)) occurs (which, amongst other events, includes the 
permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate), the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. If a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate is determined, it may be necessary to make Benchmark Amendments in accordance 
with Condition 4(k)(iv). The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original 
Reference Rate were to continue to be referenced. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the 
Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined 
by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks.  
If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as 
applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of 
Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the BMR or UK BMR reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer. 
The Conditions provide that, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, Notes may be subject to early 
redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer in certain circumstances. See Condition 5 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options). An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. 
During any period when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Risks related to Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to SONIA. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in 
the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to the London Interbank Offered Rate. In particular, 
market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, 
including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an 
average SONIA rate over a designated term). As a result, the market or a significant part thereof may adopt 
an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to

--- Page 34 ---
Page 31
Notes that reference a SONIA rate issued under this Base Prospectus. Interest on Notes which reference a 
SONIA rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in the Notes which 
reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate 
the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling 
to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity 
of such Notes. Further, if Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA become due and payable as a 
result of an Event of Default under Condition 8 (Events of Default) are redeemed early on a date other than 
an Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes 
shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable and 
shall not be reset thereafter. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing a 
SONIA rate. 
Further, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Notes, the trading price of 
such Notes linked to SONIA may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. 
Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
relevant Notes. 
Risks related to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the relevant Issuer has the right to 
effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of Notes since the 
relevant Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Risks related to Specified Denominations. 
The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination shown in the relevant Final Terms. Such Final Terms 
may also state that the Notes will be tradable in the Specified Denomination and integral multiples in 
excess thereof but which are smaller than the Specified Denomination. Where such Notes are traded in the 
clearing systems, it is possible that the clearing systems may process trades which could result in amounts 
being held in denominations smaller than the Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are required to be issued in relation to such Notes, a holder who does not hold a 
principal amount of Notes at least equal to the Specified Denomination in his account at the relevant time, 
may not receive all of his entitlement in the form of Definitive Notes and, consequently, may not be able to

--- Page 35 ---
Page 32
receive interest or principal in respect of all of his entitlement, unless and until such time as his holding 
becomes at least equal to the Specified Denomination.  
2. RISKS RELATED TO ANY ISSUE OF NOTES 
Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation. 
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee should be characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax.  
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event 
that the Spanish Tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively 
assumed all the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the 
Guarantee, they may attempt to impose withholding tax in the Kingdom of Spain (currently, at a 19% rate) 
on any payments made by the Guarantor in respect of interest.  
Such interest withholding tax would not apply, among other things, when the recipient is either (a) resident 
for tax purposes in a Member State of the European Union (other than Spain) or in a member State of the 
European Economic Area (other than Spain) with which there is an effective exchange of information, not 
acting through a territory considered as a tax haven pursuant to Spanish law nor through a permanent 
establishment in Spain, provided that such person submits to the Guarantor the relevant tax residence 
certificate, issued by the competent tax authorities, (b) resident in a country which has entered into a Tax 
Treaty with Spain which provides for the exemption from withholding of interest paid under the Notes, 
provided that such person submits to the Guarantor the relevant tax resident certificate, issued by the 
competent tax authorities, or (c) a Spanish Corporate Income Taxpayer, provided that the Notes have been 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, as initially envisaged.  
It may be difficult for Holders to enforce judgments obtained before English courts against RIF in the 
Netherlands or REF in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Following the UK departure from the European Union, the main EU instruments on jurisdiction and 
enforcement of judgments – namely Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 (the Recast Brussels Regulation) and 
the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and 
Commercial Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) – no longer apply to 
civil and commercial cases commenced in the UK on or after 1 January 2021. 
As a result, persons enforcing a judgment obtained before English courts can no longer benefit from the 
recognition of such judgment in EU courts (including the Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
and Spain) under the Recast Brussels Regulation or the Lugano Convention. While the UK applied to re-
accede to the Lugano Convention as an independent contracting state, the European Union rejected the 
UK’s accession on 4 May 2021. As the agreement of all participating states of the Lugano Convention is 
necessary for such accession, the rejection of the European Union means that the United Kingdom cannot 
accede to the Lugano Convention for the time being. 
On 28 September 2020, the UK deposited its instrument of accession to the Hague Convention on Choice 
of Court Agreements 2005 (the Hague Convention). The Hague Convention is an international convention 
which requires contracting states to recognise and respect exclusive jurisdiction clauses in favour of other 
contracting states and to enforce related judgments. While the UK’s accession to the Hague Convention 
preserves the status quo between the UK and the EU in many respects as to matters of jurisdiction and 
enforcement, the scope of the Hague Convention is limited to contracts with exclusive jurisdiction clauses

--- Page 36 ---
Page 33
and there is no assurance that such judgments will be recognised on exactly the same terms and in the same 
conditions as under the Recast Brussels Regulation. In addition, it is unlikely that so-called “asymmetric 
exclusive jurisdiction” clauses, such as Condition 17.2, would be considered “exclusive” for the purposes 
of the Hague Convention.  
Therefore, unless and until the UK is able to accede to the Lugano Convention in the future, and if 
proceedings fall outside the scope of the Hague Convention, then UK and EU member state courts will 
have recourse to their own domestic laws and conflict of law rules to determine questions of jurisdiction 
and enforceability of judgments. For example, it is expected that a final and conclusive civil judgment for 
the payment of money rendered by a court in England against the Guarantor under the Notes which is 
enforceable in England should be capable of being recognised and enforced by the Spanish courts 
according and subject to the limitations set forth in articles 41 et seq. of the Spanish Law on International 
Legal Cooperation in Civil Matters (Ley de Cooperación Jurídica Internacional en materia civil) and 
article 523 of the Spanish Law of Civil Procedure (Ley de Enjuiciamiento Civil).  
Conversely, any such judgment obtained against RIF or REF, as applicable, will, in principle, neither be 
recognised nor enforceable in the Netherlands or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.  
However, with regards to Notes issued by RIF, a final judgment obtained in an English court and not 
rendered by default (verstek) and which is not subject to appeal or other means of contestation and is 
enforceable in England with respect to the obligations of RIF under the Notes may be relitigated before a 
competent Dutch court and should generally be upheld and be regarded by a Dutch court of competent 
jurisdiction as conclusive evidence when asked to render a judgment in accordance with that judgment by 
an English court, without substantive re-examination or re-litigation on the merits of the subject matter 
thereof. The foregoing assumes that the judgment has been rendered by a court of competent jurisdiction in 
accordance with the principles of natural justice, its content and enforcement do not conflict with Dutch 
public policy and that it has not been rendered in proceedings of a criminal or tax or other public law 
nature.  
With regards to Notes issued by REF, according to Luxembourg case law, a valid judgment obtained from 
a court of competent jurisdiction in England outside the scope of the Hague Convention would be 
recognised and enforced by the courts of Luxembourg, without reconsideration of the merits, subject to the 
following conditions: 
(a) 
the judgment of the foreign court must be enforceable (exécutoire) in the jurisdiction in 
which the judgment was rendered; 
(b) 
the foreign court must have had jurisdiction according to the Luxembourg conflict of 
jurisdictions rules;  
(c) 
the foreign court must have applied to the matter submitted to it the proper law designated 
by the Luxembourg conflict of laws rules (although some first instance decisions rendered 
in Luxembourg – which have not been confirmed by the Court of Appeal – no longer apply 
this condition); 
(d) 
the judgment of the foreign court must not have been obtained by fraud, but in compliance 
with the procedural rules of the jurisdiction in which the judgment was rendered, in 
particular, in compliance with the rights of the defendant; and 
(e) 
the judgment of the foreign court must not be contrary to Luxembourg international public 
policy (ordre public international), which includes the fundamental concepts of 
Luxembourg Law that the courts of Luxembourg may deem to be of such significance so as

--- Page 37 ---
Page 34
to exclude the recognition of any foreign judgement deemed to be contrary in its results to 
those fundamental concepts. 
Therefore, the enforcement by Holders in the Netherlands of a judgment obtained against RIF, or in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg of a judgment obtained against REF, in the courts of England may be 
difficult and could be subject to significant delays and costs. 
Liquidity risks. 
The Notes may not have an established trading market when issued. There can be no assurance of a 
secondary market for the Notes or the continued liquidity of such market if one develops. The secondary 
market for the Notes will be affected by a number of factors independent of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuers and the Guarantor, the method of calculating the principal or any interest to be paid in respect of 
such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity of such Notes, the outstanding amount of such Notes, any 
redemption features of such Notes, direction and volatility of market interest rates generally. Such factors 
will also affect the market value of the Notes.  
In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, and may 
therefore have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional 
debt securities. Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders 
to realise their anticipated yield. No investor should purchase Notes unless such investor understands and is 
able to bear the risk that certain Notes may not be readily saleable, that the value of Notes will fluctuate 
over time and that such fluctuations may be significant.  
The prices at which Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other instruments issued at a substantial discount from 
their principal amount payable at maturity, trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate more in relation 
to general changes in interest rates than do such prices for conventional interest-bearing securities of 
comparable maturities.  
Investors whose investment activities are subject to legal investment laws and regulations or to review or 
regulation by certain authorities may be subject to restrictions on investments in certain types of debt 
securities. Investors should review and consider such restrictions prior to investing in the Notes. 
Risks related to ratings of the Notes. 
The ratings ascribed to the Notes, if any, reflect only the views of the rating agencies and, in assigning the 
ratings, the rating agencies take into consideration the credit quality of the Issuers and the Guarantor (i.e., 
their ability to pay their debts when due) and structural features and other aspects of the transaction. These 
credit ratings may not, however, fully reflect the potential impact of risks relating to structure, market or 
other factors discussed in this Base Prospectus on the value of the Notes. 
There can be no assurance that any such ratings will continue for any period of time or that they will not be 
reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies (or any of them) as a result of 
changes in, or unavailability of, information or if, in the rating agencies’ judgment, circumstances so 
warrant. If any rating assigned to the Notes is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may be 
reduced. Future events, including events affecting the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Repsol Group 
and/or circumstances relating to the oil industry generally could have a material adverse impact on the 
ratings of the Notes. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and will depend, among other things, on 
certain underlying characteristics of the business and financial position of either of the Issuers and/or the 
Guarantor, as applicable.

--- Page 38 ---
Page 35
Risks related to modification, waivers and substitution. 
The Conditions contain provisions for the calling of meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to 
(i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of, any breach or proposed breach of any of the 
provisions of Notes, or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or 
potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, or (iii) the substitution of another company as 
principal debtor under any Notes in place of the relevant Issuer, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 11 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution). Any of the foregoing 
could have an adverse effect on the price of the Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
Page 36
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below, which have been filed with the CSSF, shall be deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. As long as any of the Notes are outstanding, this 
Base Prospectus, any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and each document incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus will be available for inspection, free of charge, at the specified offices of each of 
the Issuers, during normal business hours, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.bourse.lu and on the website of the Guarantor at:  
(A) 
The unaudited Guarantor’s interim consolidated results for the three-month period ended 31 March 
2021: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/ori-29042021-information-1q21-results_tcm14-
213127.pdf  
(B) 
The audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes to such financial statements, the 
auditors’ report thereon and the Consolidated Management Report of Repsol, S.A. for the year 
ended 31 December 2020: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/2020-consolidated-annual-financial-report_tcm14-
209133.pdf 
(C) 
The audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes to such financial statements, the 
auditors’ report thereon and the Consolidated Management Report of Repsol, S.A. for the year 
ended 31 December 2019: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/ORI20022020_2019_annual_financial_report_tcm14-
174953.pdf 
(D) 
Information on oil and gas exploration and production activities (unaudited information) for 2020, 
2019 and 2018: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/ori18022021-information-oil-gas-exploration-
production-activities_tcm14-208627.pdf 
(E) 
The audited standalone financial statements of REF, including the notes to such financial 
statements and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2020: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/ref-financial-report-2020_tcm14-213045.pdf  
(F) 
The audited standalone financial statements of REF, including the notes to such financial 
statements and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2019: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/ref-financial-report-2019_tcm14-213033.pdf  
(G) 
The audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2020: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/annual-financial-report-2020_tcm14-211211.pdf  
(H) 
The audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2019: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/rif_2019_annual_statements_tcm14-177721.pdf 
(I) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 69 to 97 of the base prospectus dated 3 April 2020 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/base_prospectus_registered_on_april_3_2020_tcm14-
178050.pdf  
(J) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 63 to 85 of the base prospectus dated 4 April 2019 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/emtn_base_prospectus_2019_tcm14-151786.pdf

--- Page 40 ---
Page 37
(K) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 65 to 86 of the base prospectus dated 26 September 2016 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2016_tcm14-43655.pdf 
(L) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 65 to 86 of the base prospectus dated 22 September 2015 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2015__tcm14-71226.pdf 
(M) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 90 to 111 of the base prospectus dated 30 May 2014 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/REP_2014_EMTN_Base_Prospectus_registered_tcm1
4-63565.pdf 
(N) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 89 to 109 of the base prospectus dated 25 October 2012 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/Repsol_EMTN_Base_Prospectus_Final_submission_t
cm14-63588.pdf 
The page references indicated for documents (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G) and (H) below are to the page 
numbering of the electronic copies of such documents as available at the links set forth above. 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page 
references 
(A) 
The unaudited Guarantor’s interim consolidated results for the three-month period ended 31 
March 2021(1): 
 
(a)  
1Q21: Strong operating & free cash flow generation  ................................................................ 3 
(b)  
1Q21 Highlights: Net Debt at €6,452  ......................................................................................... 4-5 
(c)  
Net income performance by business segment ............................................................................ 6-13 
(d)  
Adjusted cash flow statement analysis......................................................................................... 14 
(e)  
Net debt evolution  ...................................................................................................................... 15 
(f)  
Relevant events ............................................................................................................................ 16-20 
(g)  
Appendices .................................................................................................................................. 21-39 
- 
Appendix I – Metrics by business segments ................................................................ 21-26 
- 
Appendix II – Repsol’s reporting Consolidated Financial Statements......................... 27-30 
- 
Appendix III – IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements ............................................ 31-36 
- 
Appendix IV – Basis of presentation ........................................................................... 37-39 
 
 
(B) 
The audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes to such financial statements, 
the auditors’ report thereon, and the Consolidated Management Report of Repsol, S.A. for the 
year ended 31 December 2020: 
 
(a) 
Independent auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements  
3-13 
(b) 
Consolidated financial statements of Repsol, S.A. and Investees comprising the Repsol 
Group for the financial year 2020: 
14-123 
- 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2020 and 2019 .............................................................
15 
- 
Income statement for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 ...........................
16 
- 
Statement of recognised profit or loss for the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2019 ......................................................................................................................
17 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
2019 .............................................................................................................................
18

--- Page 41 ---
Page 38
- 
Statement of cash flows for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 .................
19 
- 
Notes to the 2020 consolidated financial statements ...................................................
20-91 
- 
Appendix Ia – Main companies comprising the Repsol Group at 31 December 
2020 .............................................................................................................................
92-112 
- 
Appendix II – Segment reporting and reconciliation with (IFRS-EU) financial 
statements ....................................................................................................................
113-114 
- 
Appendix III – Regulatory framework .........................................................................
115-123 
(c) 
Consolidated Management Report 2020: 
124-435 
- 
1.- 2020 Summary .......................................................................................................
133-137 
- 
2.- COVID-19: Impacts and Resilience Plan ...............................................................
138-139 
- 
3.- New Strategic Plan .................................................................................................
140-144 
- 
4.- Our Company .........................................................................................................
145-150 
- 
5.- Environment ...........................................................................................................
151-152 
- 
6.- Financial performance and shareholder remuneration ............................................
153-161 
- 
7.- Our business ...........................................................................................................
162-182 
- 
8.- Sustainability ..........................................................................................................
183-234 
- 
9.- Outlook ...................................................................................................................
235-238 
- 
10.- Risks .....................................................................................................................
239 
- 
Appendix I: Alternative Performance Measures ..........................................................
241-251 
- 
Appendix III: Further information on Sustainability ...................................................
256-300 
- 
Appendix IV: GRI Index .............................................................................................
301-310 
- 
Appendix V: Statement of non-financial information ..................................................
311-314 
- 
Appendix VI: SASB Index 
315-316 
- 
Appendix VI: Table of conversions and abbreviations ................................................
317 
- 
Appendix VII: Annual Corporate Governance Report 2020 ........................................
318-435 
 
 
(C) 
The audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes to such financial statements, 
the auditors’ report thereon, and the Consolidated Management Report of Repsol, S.A. for the 
year ended 31 December 2019: 
 
(a) 
Independent auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements 
2-11 
(b) 
Consolidated financial statements of Repsol, S.A. and Investees comprising the Repsol 
Group for the financial year 2019: 
13-117 
- 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2019 and 2018 ............................................................. 14 
- 
Income statement for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 ........................... 15 
- 
Statement of recognised profit or loss for the years ended 31 December 2019 
and 2018 ......................................................................................................................
16 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 
2018 .............................................................................................................................
17 
- 
Statement of cash flows for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 ................. 18 
- 
Notes to the 2019 consolidated financial statements ................................................... 19-90 
- 
Appendix Ia – Main companies comprising the Repsol Group at 31 December 
2019 .............................................................................................................................
91-98 
- 
Appendix Ib – Main changes in the scope of consolidation  ........................................ 99-102 
- 
Appendix Ic – Joint operations of the Repsol Group at 31 December 2019 ................ 103-108

--- Page 42 ---
Page 39
- 
Appendix II – Segment reporting and reconciliation with (IFRS-EU) financial 
statements ....................................................................................................................
109-110 
- 
Appendix III – Regulatory framework ......................................................................... 111-117 
(c) 
Consolidated Management Report 2019: 
118-374 
- 
1.- Highlights of 2019 .................................................................................................. 123-126 
- 
2.- Our Company ......................................................................................................... 127-135 
- 
3.- Context ................................................................................................................... 136-138 
- 
4.- Financial performance and shareholder returns ...................................................... 139-146 
- 
5.- Our business in 2019 .............................................................................................. 147-166 
- 
6.- Sustainability .......................................................................................................... 167-204 
- 
Appendix I: Alternative Performance Measures .......................................................... 209-217 
- 
Appendix III: Further information on Sustainability ................................................... 222-253 
- 
Appendix IV: GRI Index ............................................................................................. 254-262 
- 
Appendix V: Statement of non-financial information .................................................. 263-265 
- 
Appendix VI: Table of conversions and abbreviations ................................................ 266 
- 
Appendix VII: Annual Corporate Governance Report 2019 ........................................ 267-374 
 
 
(D) 
Information on oil and gas exploration and production activities (unaudited information) for 2020, 
2019 and 2018: 
 
- 
About this report.............................................................................................................................
3 
- 
Information on acreage ...................................................................................................................
4 
- 
Exploration and development activities..........................................................................................
5 
- 
Net proved oil and gas reserves ......................................................................................................
6 
- 
Standardized future cash flows .......................................................................................................
13 
- 
Production of oil and gas ................................................................................................................
17 
- 
Results of oil and gas exploration and production activities...........................................................
18 
- 
Investments ....................................................................................................................................
21 
 
 
(E) 
The audited standalone financial statements of REF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2020: 
 
- 
Independent auditors’ report ..........................................................................................................
3-5 
- 
Balance Sheet .................................................................................................................................
6-10 
- 
Profit and loss account ...................................................................................................................
11-12 
- 
Notes to the Financial Statements ..................................................................................................
13-22 
- 
2020 Appropriation of the results ...................................................................................................
23 
 
 
(F) 
The audited standalone financial statements of REF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2019: 
 
- 
Independent auditors’ report ..........................................................................................................
3-5 
- 
Balance Sheet .................................................................................................................................
6-10 
- 
Profit and loss account ...................................................................................................................
11-12 
- 
Notes to the Financial Statements ..................................................................................................
13-23 
- 
        Appropriation of the results............................................................................................................
24

--- Page 43 ---
Page 40
(1)  The Guarantor’s unaudited interim consolidated results for the three-month period ended 31 March 2021 contains the consolidated financial 
statements prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), and other operational and financial information of the Group, 
prepared and disclosed in accordance with the criteria explained in Appendix IV “Basis of preparation of the financial information” thereto. 
The base prospectuses dated 25 October 2012, 30 May 2014, 22 September 2015, 26 September 2016, 4 
April 2019 and 3 April 2020 are not incorporated by reference, save for the terms and conditions set out in 
them. Apart from this information, the remainder of the base prospectuses dated 25 October 2012, 30 May 
2014, 22 September 2015, 26 September 2016, 4 April 2019 and 3 April 2020 is either not relevant to 
investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
(G) 
The audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2020: 
 
- 
Management Board Report 2020 ....................................................................................................
3-11 
- 
Statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020 ................................................................
13 
- 
Statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2020 .................................
14 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2020 ..........................................
15 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2019 ..........................................
16 
- 
Statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2020 .....................................................
17 
- 
Notes to the Financial Statements ..................................................................................................
18-46 
- 
Other information ...........................................................................................................................
47-48 
- 
Independent auditors’ report ..........................................................................................................
49-56 
 
 
(H) 
The audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2019: 
 
- 
Management Board Report 2019 ....................................................................................................
3-11 
- 
Statement of financial position as at 31 December 2019 ................................................................
13 
- 
Statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2019 .................................
14 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2019 ..........................................
15 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2018 ..........................................
16 
- 
Statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2019 .....................................................
17 
- 
Notes to the Financial Statements ..................................................................................................
18-47 
- 
Other information ...........................................................................................................................
48-49 
- 
Independent auditors’ report ..........................................................................................................
50-58 
(I) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 63 to 85 of the base prospectus dated 3 April 2020 relating to 
the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” ..........................................................
63-85 
(J) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 63 to 85 of the base prospectus dated 4 April 2019 relating to 
the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” ..........................................................
63-85 
(K) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 65 to 86 of the base prospectus dated 26 September 2016 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” .........................................
65-86 
(L) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 65 to 86 of the base prospectus dated 22 September 2015 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” .........................................
65-86 
(M) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 90 to 111 of the base prospectus dated 30 May 2014 relating to 
the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” ..........................................................
90-111 
(N) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 89 to 109 of the base prospectus dated 25 October 2012 relating 
to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” ......................................................
89-109

--- Page 44 ---
Page 41
Any statement contained in a document that is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement. In addition, any statement contained herein or in a 
document that is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, or in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of such 
supplement, modifies or supersedes such earlier statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference that is not expressly listed in the cross-reference list above does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus .  
Pursuant to Spanish regulatory requirements, the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor 
are required to be accompanied by the respective Consolidated Management Reports. These Consolidated 
Management Reports are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus only in order to comply with 
such regulatory requirements. Investors are strongly cautioned that the information contained in the 
Consolidated Management Reports has been neither audited nor prepared for the specific purpose of the 
Programme. Accordingly, the Consolidated Management Reports should be read together with the other 
sections of this Base Prospectus, and in particular the section “Risk Factors”. Any information contained in 
the Consolidated Management Reports shall be deemed to be modified or superseded by any information 
elsewhere in the Base Prospectus that is subsequent to or inconsistent with it. Furthermore, the 
Consolidated Management Reports include certain forward-looking statements that are subject to inherent 
uncertainty (see “Forward-Looking Statements”). Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to rely upon the 
information contained in such Consolidated Management Reports.

--- Page 45 ---
Page 42
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes under the Programme will be on-lent by the relevant Issuer to, or 
invested by the relevant Issuer in, other companies within the Repsol Group for use by such companies 
either: 
(i) 
for their general corporate purposes,  
(ii) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects, in which case the 
relevant Notes will be identified as “Green Bonds” in the title of the Notes in the applicable 
Final Terms, or 
(iii) 
as otherwise specified, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, in the applicable Final Terms 
in the section entitled “Reasons for the Offer”. 
For the purpose of this section, Eligible Green Projects are projects which meet a set of environmental, 
social and governance criteria, approved both by the Guarantor and by a reputed sustainability rating 
agency, in accordance with the Framework described on the Guarantor’s website (www.repsol.com) in the 
fixed income section, as updated from time to time.

--- Page 46 ---
Page 43
THE GROUP’S CARBON INTENSITY INDICATOR 
In December 2019, Repsol became the first company in the oil & gas industry to announce its commitment 
to become a net zero emissions company by 2050, thereby commencing a strategic change of course.  
On 26 November 2020, the Group presented the Plan, which is expected to shape the Group’s 
transformation in the coming years and involves accelerating the energy transition, prioritising profitable 
growth and maximum value for shareholders, with a significant increase in cash generation and financial 
discipline. In order to facilitate the monitoring of progress towards the long-term ambition of net zero 
emissions by 2050 and for transparency purposes, the Plan outlines a challenging roadmap with ambitious 
intermediary emissions reduction targets.  
To that end, Repsol has developed a carbon intensity indicator (CII) expressed, on a net basis, in grams of 
carbon dioxide equivalent per megajoule (g CO2e/MJ) that measures CO2e emissions for every unit of 
energy that Repsol makes available to society. The CII takes into account in the numerator the emissions 
derived from the Group’s activity (direct and indirect emissions derived from exploration and production, 
refining and chemicals operations, and emissions from power generation) and emissions associated with the 
use of fuel products derived from the Group’s primary energy production (oil and natural gas). In the 
denominator, the CII includes the energy that Repsol makes available to society in the form of end products 
derived from the production of primary energy from oil and gas, and low carbon energy sources. 
The CII is the basis for setting emissions reduction targets over time, to reach net zero emissions by 2050. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, and using 2016 as the base year (since 2016 was the first year in 
which all assets of ROCGI (formerly Talisman Energy Inc.) were consolidated following its acquisition), 
the Group aims to reduce its CII as follows:  
▪ 
by 12% by 2025,  
▪ 
by 25% by 2030, and  
▪ 
by 50% by 2040. 
By the end of 2020, the Group had achieved a reduction of 5.0% in the CII from the 2016 baseline, 
exceeding the initial target of 3.0%. This value was significantly higher than the target, mainly due to 
reduced business activity due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Group estimates that the final value would 
have been around 3.7%, considering activity levels prior to the pandemic.

--- Page 47 ---
Page 44
DESCRIPTION OF REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V. 
History 
Repsol International Finance B.V. (RIF) was incorporated in The Netherlands on 20 December 1990 as a 
private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) for an 
indefinite duration pursuant to the laws of The Netherlands, under which it now operates. 
RIF is registered with the trade register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 24251372. RIF 
is domiciled in The Netherlands and its registered office and principal place of business is 
Koninginnegracht 19, 2514 AB The Hague, The Netherlands, and its telephone number is (+31) 70 
3141611. Its website is www.repsol.com. The information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities  
The principal activity of RIF is to finance the business operations of the Repsol Group. RIF may, from time 
to time, obtain financing, including through loans or issuing other securities, which securities may rank 
pari passu with the Notes (see Condition 3 (Negative Pledge) below). In order to achieve its objectives, 
RIF raises funds primarily by issuing debt instruments in the capital and money markets.  
Organisational structure 
RIF is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorised 
capital of RIF is €1,502,885,000 divided into 1,502,885 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €1,000 
each and the issued share capital of RIF is €300,577,000, represented by 300,577 fully paid up shares. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, RIF holds 25.00% ownership in Sierracol Energy Arauca LLC(1). 
Recent Developments 
On 22 March 2021, RIF issued €750 million 6-Year Non-Call Undated Deeply Subordinated Securities 
(ISIN: XS2320533131). 
On 25 March 2021, RIF redeemed all outstanding €1,000,000,000 6 Year Non-Call Perpetual Securities 
(ISIN Code: XS1207054666) issued in March 2015 (of which €406,277,000 were outstanding) for an 
amount of €422 million. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the directors of RIF are:  
Name 
Function 
Principal activities outside Repsol 
Rolf Van Nauta Lemke 
Director 
Founder and owner of VNL Holding BV, 
Managing Partner of MaiAx Advisors BV, co-
founder and Managing Partner of Iber Business 
Group Nederland BV, Owner of VNL Investment 
Fund BV, Supervisory Board of Q1 Energie AG. 
Sonia Mera Uriarte 
Director 
N/A 
José Manuel Díaz Fernández  
Director 
N/A 
 
(1) RIF holds an indirect investment (25.00%) in Sierracol Crude Sales LLC through Sierracol Energy Arauca LLC.

--- Page 48 ---
Page 45
Alfredo Manero Ruiz 
Director 
N/A 
 
The business address of each of the directors, as directors of RIF, is Koninginnegracht 19, 2514 AB The 
Hague, The Netherlands. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of RIF to RIF and their 
respective private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 49 ---
Page 46
DESCRIPTION OF REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE 
History 
Repsol Europe Finance (REF) was incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg on 4 December 2009 
under the name of TE Holding S.A R.L. as a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité 
limitée) for an indefinite duration pursuant to the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, under which it 
now operates. On 29 March 2021, REF changed its corporate name from TE Holding S.A R.L. to Repsol 
Europe Finance. 
REF is registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce. and Companies (Registre de Commerce et 
des Sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B149867. REF is domiciled in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
and its registered office and principal place of business is at 14-16, Avenue Pasteur, L-2310 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and its telephone number is (+352) 27860070. Its website is 
www.repsol.com. The information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities  
The principal activities of REF are (i) to finance the business operations of the Repsol Group and (ii) to 
acquire and hold participations. REF may, from time to time, obtain financing, including through loans or 
issuing other securities, which securities may rank pari passu with the Notes (see “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes—Negative Pledge” below). In order to achieve its objectives, REF raises funds primarily by 
issuing debt instruments in the capital and money markets.  
Organisational structure 
REF is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. At the date of this Base Prospectus, its subscribed 
capital is U.S.$4,639,123,121, divided into (i) 231,956,156 ordinary shares in registered form with a 
nominal value of U.S.$20.00 each and (ii) one Class A repurchasable share in registered form having a 
nominal value of U.S.$1, all subscribed and fully paid up shares. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, REF holds 100.00% ownership in Paladin Resources Limited and 
Talisman Perpetual (Norway) Limited. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the managers of REF are:  
Name 
 
Function 
Principal activities outside Repsol 
Véronique Gillet 
 
Manager B 
Founding partner of Adeis S.A., a 
Luxembourg advisory firm specialised in 
topics linked to the investment fund 
industry, member of 
ILA (Institut 
Luxembourgeois des Administrateurs) 
Sonia Mera Uriarte 
 
Manager A 
N/A 
José Manuel Díaz Fernández  
 
Manager B 
N/A 
 
The business address of each of the directors, as directors of REF, is 14-16, Avenue Pasteur, L-2310 
Luxembourg, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

--- Page 50 ---
Page 47
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of REF to REF and their 
respective private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 51 ---
Page 48
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP 
Overview 
The Guarantor is a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) duly incorporated on 31 December 1986 
under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain, under which it now operates.  
The Guarantor is registered with the Commercial Register of Madrid under page number M-65289, and its 
tax identification number is A-78/374725. It is domiciled in Spain with its registered office and principal 
place of business at Calle Méndez Álvaro, 44, 28045 Madrid, Spain, and its telephone number is (+34) 91 
753 8000. Its website is www.repsol.com. The information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Guarantor is the parent company of the Group.  
Repsol is an integrated energy company that operates in all business activities of the hydrocarbons sector, 
including exploration, development and production of crude oil and natural gas, transport of petroleum 
products, LPG and natural gas, refining, production of a wide range of petroleum products, petroleum by-
products, and petrochemicals, LPG and natural gas products, along with low-carbon electricity generation 
and commercialisation activities. While Repsol operates globally, it has a unified corporate structure with 
headquarters in Madrid, Spain. 
History 
Repsol began operations in October 1987 as part of a reorganisation of the oil and gas businesses then 
owned by Instituto Nacional de Hidrocarburos, a Spanish government agency which acted as a holding 
company of government-owned oil and gas businesses.  
Certain key milestones in the history of Repsol are set forth below: 
▪ 
In 1989, the shares of the Guarantor were first listed on the Spanish stock exchanges (Madrid, 
Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia) and, through American Depositary Shares (ADS), on the New 
York Stock Exchange (until March 2011), beginning the process of privatisation. 
▪ 
The privatisation culminated with the public offers for the sale of shares in the Guarantor carried 
out by the Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales, a Spanish government agency, in 1996 
and 1997. 
▪ 
Repsol continued its international expansion, which reached its peak between 1999 and 2000, with 
the acquisition of 99% of YPF S.A. (YPF), Argentina’s leading oil company and a former national 
operator in the industry.  
▪ 
On 26 February 2013, Repsol signed an agreement with the Shell Group for the sale of part of 
Repsol’s liquefied natural gas (LNG) assets and businesses. The sale concluded with three 
different transactions which closed in October and December 2013 and January 2014. 
▪ 
In 2014, several agreements were signed to put an end to the controversy originated by the 
expropriation in 2012 of 51% and 60% of the Group’s shares in YPF and YPF Gas S.A., 
respectively. After the expropriation, settlement with the Republic of Argentina and the subsequent 
sale in 2014 of all its remaining interest in YPF which had not been subject to expropriation, 
Repsol’s divestment of YPF was completed. 
▪ 
In May 2015, Repsol acquired 100% of the share capital of ROGCI, a Canadian company engaged 
in the exploration, development, production, transportation and marketing of crude oil, natural gas 
and other liquid hydrocarbons, for a total amount of €8,005 million.

--- Page 52 ---
Page 49
▪ 
On 18 May 2018, Repsol, S.A. sold its stake (20.072%) in Naturgy to Rioja Bidco Shareholdings, 
S.L.U. for the price of €3,816 million. 
▪ 
On 2 November 2018, Repsol completed its acquisition of Viesgo Generación, S.L.U.’s (Viesgo) 
non-regulated low-emission electricity generation businesses, in addition to its gas and electricity 
retail business for a purchase price of €733 million. 
▪ 
On 2 December 2019, Repsol announced that it aims to become a net zero emissions company in 
2050. In line with this goal and in the context of the oil and gas markets dynamics that consolidated 
in 2019, together with new public policies oriented towards a decarbonised economy, Repsol 
reviewed its main hypothesis for assessing future investments and existing assets. In particular, it 
assumed a gradual decarbonisation of the economy, a reduction in the expectations of future oil and 
gas prices and the increase of expected costs for future CO2 emissions, configuring a scenario 
compatible with the climate goals of the Paris Agreement and the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals.  
▪ 
On 26 November 2020, the Group presented its Strategic Plan for the 2021-2025 period (the Plan), 
which is expected to shape the Group’s transformation in the coming years and involves 
accelerating the energy transition, prioritising profitable growth and maximum value for 
shareholders, with a significant increase in cash generation and financial discipline. See 
“⸻Strategy” below. 
Recent Developments 
On 26 March 2021, the annual general shareholders’ meeting of the Guarantor approved, among other 
things, in respect of the shareholders’ remuneration: (i) the distribution of the fixed amount of €0.30 gross 
per share charged to the Guarantor’s 2020 profits, to be paid on 7 July 2021; (ii) a conditional distribution 
of a fixed amount of €0.30 gross per share charged to the Guarantor’s free reserves, to be paid in January 
2022, on a date to be determined by the Board of Directors of the Guarantor; and (iii) a reduction of the 
Guarantor’s share capital up to a maximum amount of €40,494,510 through the redemption of a maximum 
of 40,494,510 of the Guarantor’s treasury shares, which the Guarantor’s CEO resolved to implement on 12 
April 2021.  
Strategy 
In December 2019, Repsol became the first energy company to announce its commitment to become a net 
zero emissions company by 2050, thereby commencing a strategic change of course.  
On 26 November 2020, the Group presented the Plan, which is expected to shape the Group’s 
transformation in the coming years and involves accelerating the energy transition, prioritising profitable 
growth and maximum value for shareholders, with a significant increase in cash generation and financial 
discipline.  
Repsol believes that decarbonisation, in addition to mitigating the effects of climate change, is an 
opportunity to create value within the Group’s businesses. The Plan represents a demanding roadmap with 
ambitious intermediate emission reduction targets to continue moving towards its goal of net zero 
emissions by 2050, envisioning a reduction in carbon intensity of 12% by 2025, 25% by 2030 and 50% by 
2040, compared to 10%, 20% and 40%, respectively, which were the targets set previously. The Group 
aims to decarbonise its asset portfolio and develop a new operating model with the aim of becoming a 
multi-energy group that is more sustainable and focused on creating value by 2030. Repsol is committed to 
a model that integrates several technological options, combines electrification with low carbon footprint 
products, and offers solutions to all community needs. A combination of different sources of energy is 
expected to allow for efficiently achieving the goal of zero net emissions. 
The Plan comprises two periods: the first covers the period 2021 to 2022 and focuses on ensuring financial

--- Page 53 ---
Page 50
robustness and thus prioritises efficiency, investment reduction and capital optimisation, while developing 
projects to lead the energy transition. The second covers the post-COVID-19 period 2023 to 2025 focuses 
on accelerating transformation and growth.  
The Plan envisages investments totalling €18.3 billion, of which investments in low-carbon initiatives 
account for €5.5 billion or 30% of the total from 2021 to 2025. The Plan is expected to be self-financing in 
a scenario of U.S.$50/ bbl Brent crude and U.S.$2.5/Mbtu Henry Hub prices, where the Group would also 
maintain financial flexibility and a level of debt by 2025 similar to that of 2020.  
In order to implement the Plan, the Group’s organisational structure will involve four business areas 
(Upstream, Industrial, Customer and Low-Carbon Generation Businesses), supported by a more flexible 
and efficient Corporate division, with the aim of enhancing performance and value creation. 
Customer  
The division brings together the current Mobility, LPG, Lubricants, and Electricity and gas 
marketing areas and other energy solutions with the aim of meeting the energy and mobility needs 
of its customers (more than 24 million as of 31 December 2020).  
Low-Carbon Generation Business  
The aims for this division is to enlarge the Group’s asset portfolio and continue its international 
expansion with the goal of becoming a global operator, with a generation capacity reaching 7.5 
GW by 2025 (through the development of a portfolio of projects in operation at a rate of 
approximately 500 MW per year, and acquisition of international projects) and 15 GW by 2030.  
Industrial  
This division brings together Refining, Chemicals, Trading and Gas Wholesaling and Gas Trading 
with the aim of enhancing profitability, building new leading platforms for carbon-neutral 
businesses and reducing emissions by more than 2 Mt of CO2 by 2025 when compared to 2020.  
Industrial complexes (in Spain, Portugal and Peru) are intended to become multi-energy hubs 
capable of generating low carbon footprint products and driving new business models based on 
digitalisation and technology. To undertake this transformation process, the Group expects to rely 
on the following factors: 
▪ 
Energy efficiency, in which the Group plans to invest more than €400 million over the 
duration of the Plan to cut 800,000 metric tons of CO2 and lay the foundations to transform 
industrial centers into net zero emission facilities; 
▪ 
circular economy industrial complexes, which are already adapting to use waste from 
various sources as raw material and convert it into carbon-neutral products (fuels and 
materials), with the aim of reaching an advanced biofuel production capacity of 1.3 Mt by 
2025 and more than 2 Mt by 2030;  
▪ 
renewable hydrogen for use in refineries and to produce synthetic fuels, where the Group’s 
ambition is to reach a production equivalent to 400 MW by 2025 and more than 1.2 GW by 
2030; and  
▪ 
carbon capture and utilisation, which is also expected to be present in the transformation 
process through the synthetic fuel project at Petronor, the only refinery on the Iberian 
peninsula and one of only a few in Europe equipped for this process.

--- Page 54 ---
Page 51
Upstream 
In this division, the Group aims to focus on key geographic areas, prioritising value over volume 
and cutting emissions across the asset portfolio, which will continue to be actively managed. The 
division intends to play to its strengths –flexibility, efficiency and high technology– to increase its 
contribution to the Group and generate positive cash flow despite reducing investment intensity. In 
addition, the Group aims to focus on short cycle projects that can be managed flexibly and with 
limited capital intensity and targets a production close to 650k/boed by 2025. The global presence 
of the Upstream division is expected to encompass fourteen countries, with more efficient and 
focused exploration. 
Business segments and organisational structure  
Repsol currently operates the following business segments:  
▪ 
Exploration and Production: activities for the exploration, development and production of crude 
oil and natural gas reserves;  
▪ 
Industrial: mainly corresponds to (i) refining activities, (ii) petrochemicals, (iii) trading and 
transportation of crude oil and oil products, and (iv) sale, transportation and regasification of 
natural gas and liquefied natural gas (LNG); and 
▪ 
Commercial and Renewables: mainly integrates the businesses of (i) low-carbon power generation 
and renewable sources, (ii) sale of electricity and gas, (iii) mobility and sale of oil products, and 
(iv) liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). 
Below is a list of the significant investee companies of the Group as at 31 December 2020, including the 
country of incorporation, main activities and the direct or indirect ownership interest of the Guarantor in 
such investee companies. 
Name 
Country 
Activity 
% Control owned(1) 
Repsol, S.A. ...................................................................
Spain 
Portfolio company 
N/A 
Repsol Exploración, S.A. ...............................................
Spain 
Exploration and production of oil and 
gas 
100.00% 
Repsol Petróleo, S.A. (2). ................................................
Spain 
Refining 
99.97% 
Repsol Comercial de Productos Petrolíferos, S.A. .........
Spain 
Marketing of oil products 
96.67% 
Repsol Butano, S.A(2). ....................................................
Spain 
Marketing of LPG 
100.00% 
Repsol Química, S.A(2). ..................................................
Spain 
Production and sale of petrochemicals 
100.00% 
Repsol Oil & Gas Canada, Inc(2). ...................................
Canada 
Exploration and production of oil and 
gas 
100.00% 
Repsol International Finance B.V. ................................. Netherlands 
Financing and portfolio company 
100.00% 
Repsol Tesorería y Gestión financiera, S.L.  ..................
Spain 
Financing company 
100.00% 
Petróleos del Norte, S.A. (Petronor)(2) ..........................
Spain 
Refining 
85.98% 
Repsol E&P Bolivia, S.A (2). ..........................................
Bolivia 
Exploration and production of oil and 
gas 
100.00% 
Repsol Trading, S.A (2). ..................................................
Spain 
Trading of oil products 
100.00% 
Repsol Sinopec Brasil, S.A (2). .......................................
Brazil 
Exploration and production of oil and 
gas 
60.01% 
Refinería de la Pampilla S.A.A.(2) ..................................
Perú 
Refining and marketing of oil products 
92.42% 
Repsol Lubricantes y Especialidades, S.A.  ...................
Spain 
Production and sale of lubricants and 
Specialized products 
100.00%

--- Page 55 ---
Page 52
Repsol Electricidad y Gas, S.A.  ....................................
Spain 
Electricity and Gas 
100.00% 
___________________________ 
 
(1) 
There is no difference between the percentage of share capital owned and voting rights in the Guarantor.  
(2) 
Indirect ownership interest. 
 
Business Overview  
Upstream 
Set forth below is certain information in respect of Repsol’s operating data for the periods indicated. 
 
31/12/2020 
31/12/2019 
 
(unaudited) 
Net liquids production (kbbl/d) 
217 
254 
Net gas production (kboe/d) 
432 
455 
Net hydrocarbon production (kboe/d) 
648 
709 
Average crude oil realisation price (U.S.$/bbl) 
37.7 
57.3 
Average gas price (U.S.$/kscf) 
2.3 
2.9 
___________________________ 
 
Note:  These metrics include, in proportion to the Group’s respective ownership interest, the figures corresponding to its joint ventures or other 
companies managed as such. 
 
Upstream includes the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas in different parts of the 
world. The Upstream segment’s activity is mainly located in America (United States, Canada, Brazil, 
Trinidad and Tobago, Peru, Venezuela, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador and Mexico), North Africa (Algeria 
and Libya), Asia (Russia, Indonesia, Malaysia and Vietnam) and Europe (United Kingdom, Norway, 
Greece and Spain). 
The following contains details of Repsol’s main material assets:  
▪ 
U.S., where Repsol has interests in the Eagle Ford liquids-rich asset, a shale gas play located in 
southeast Texas and in the Marcellus dry gas shale play located mainly in northeast Pennsylvania. 
Repsol also participates in the Shenzi and Buckskin offshore productive fields and in the 
Leon/Moccasin and Blacktip exploration projects along with a number of exploratory blocks in the 
Gulf of Mexico, and in the exploratory/appraisal project in Alaska North Slope.  
In November 2019, Repsol reached an agreement with Equinor to acquire its 63% stake in Eagle 
Ford. Repsol therefore owns 100% of the working interest and is the operator of the asset.  
In June 2019, hydrocarbon production began in the Buckskin deepwater project, which is operated 
by LLOG (where Repsol holds 22.5% as at the date of this Base Prospectus) in the Keathley 
Canyon area in the Gulf of Mexico. In April 2020, the discovery of oil in the U.S. part of the Gulf 
of Mexico was announced at the Monument exploration well, where Repsol holds a 20% stake 
alongside Equinor (operator) with a 50% stake, and Progress Resources USA Ltd, with the 
remaining 30%. Also in April 2020, two further exploration discoveries were made at the North 
Slope project in Alaska, where Repsol holds a 49% stake, namely the Mitquq-1 and Stirrup-1 
wells. In November 2020, Repsol acquired nine blocks in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico (GOM) round – 
Lease sale 256. Of these nine blocks, five were awarded in partnership with Equinor in the Walker 
Ridge area; the other four were acquired in partnership with Llog Exploration in the Keathly 
Canyon area in the surroundings of the Leon/Moccasin developments. Also, in November 2020, 
Repsol completed the purchase from Shell of an 8.5% interest in eight blocks in the Alaminos 
Canyon area of the Gulf of Mexico, at the Blacktip North, Bobcat and Lucille exploratory projects. 
Shell (operator) and Equinor are the Group’s partners on these deepwater projects.

--- Page 56 ---
Page 53
In the Alaska North Slope project, Repsol announced the largest U.S. onshore conventional 
hydrocarbons discovery in 30 years in March 2017, with the Horseshoe-1 and 1A wells confirming 
these wells as a significant emerging play in Alaska’s North Slope. In January 2019, the presence 
of hydrocarbons was confirmed in the southern part of the Pikka Unit, where the first appraisal 
well, known as Pikka-B, was drilled. In April 2019, the drilling of the Pikka-C appraisal well was 
completed also with positive results. In April 2020, two additional exploratory discoveries were 
made in Alaska. 
▪ 
Mexico, where Repsol was awarded five new offshore exploration blocks in 2018 located in the 
deep waters of the Gulf of Mexico in two exploratory rounds. In June 2019, the Mexican National 
Hydrocarbons Commission (CNH) approved Repsol’s 2019-2022 investment plans for Areas 10, 
14 and 29, where Repsol holds a 40%, 50% and 30% interest, respectively. All of them are 
operated by Repsol. These plans include the drilling of four exploratory wells in the period 2020-
2021 along with geological studies. In May 2020, Repsol (holding a 30% working interest as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus and being operator) announced that it made two significant deepwater 
oil discoveries with confirmed high-quality reservoirs with excellent properties in block 29 in 
Mexican waters. The Polok-1 and Chinwol-1 exploration wells are located in the Salina Basin with 
net oil pay of 200 meters and 150 meters, respectively. 
▪ 
Canada, where Repsol has production operations mainly in the Greater Edson (oil and gas 
production) and Chauvin (heavy oil production) areas, located in the Western Canadian 
Sedimentary Basin, primarily in Alberta, Canada. Repsol also has interests in Duvernay, a non-
mature area in its first phase of development and evaluation, with production of crude and gas, 
located in the region of West-Central Alberta. 
▪ 
Offshore deepwater fields in Brazil, where in Sapinhoá field (block BM-S-9) in 2016 the plateau of 
production of 150,000 barrels per day of crude oil was reached in the North Area. In the South 
Area the plateau of production was reached in 2014, with a production capacity of 120,000 barrels 
per day of crude oil. In August 2020, Repsol achieved the milestone of 125 million barrels of oil 
sold from the Sapinhoá asset in Brazil’s deep waters. This figure required 130 ship-to-ship transfer 
operations. During the transfers, more than 1 million hours of work took place with no adverse 
impact on the environment or fatalities. Lapa field, in block BM-S-9A was put into production by 
the end of 2016.  
Repsol also has participations in the offshore production field Albacora Leste and in the 
exploratory block BM-C-33 where relevant discoveries to be developed have been made. In March 
2021, Repsol Sinopec (35%) together with license partners Equinor (35% and operator) and 
Petrobras (30%), approved the development concept for BM-C-33, a gas/condensate field located 
in the Campos Basin pre-salt in Brazil. The well streams will be sent to a floating production, 
storage and offloading unit (FPSO) located at the field. 
In 2018, the National Agency of Petroleum (ANP) announced the winners of the BR-15 
Exploratory Round: Repsol obtained three new exploration blocks with a 40% stake in all of them 
in association with Chevron (40%) and Wintershall (20%). Additionally, in October 2019, in the 
sixteenth exploratory bidding round, four exploration blocks were obtained. Three of these are 
located in the Campos basin and the remaining one in the Santos basin. The blocks are C-M-795 
(100% interest), C-M825 (60% interest, in a consortium with Chevron), C-M-845 (40% interest, 
with Chevron and Wintershall Dea) and S-M-766 (40% interest, with Chevron and Wintershall 
Dea).  
▪ 
Trinidad and Tobago, where Repsol has a 30% stake in the productive assets of bpTT. In 2018, the 
Angelin non-operated production platform reached the country’s waters and was installed in the 
West Block field, 60 km from the south-eastern coast. The facilities are operated remotely and the 
gas generated flows to the Serrette platform through a new 21 km pipeline and then to the Cassia 
Hub for processing. The first gas extraction took place on 26 February 2019. In September 2020,

--- Page 57 ---
Page 54
the Galeota expansion project was completed and a safe start-up was executed. The project has 
been under construction since late 2016 and it was necessary to maintain safe, reliable and 
compliant terminal operations for at least the next 20 years in this facility which processes all 
hydrocarbon liquids produced from bpTT’s 15 offshore facilities as well as other upstream 
producers. 
▪ 
Bolivia, where Repsol has a 37.5% stake in the Margarita-Huacaya gas productive project 
(Caipipendi block). In March 2018, Repsol received the official ratification of the extension for ten 
years of the license until 2041, plus an additional five years, including exploratory investments in 
the Boyuy and Boicobo Sur projects. In January 2021, the first production tests run by the Boicobo 
Sur X1 exploratory well confirmed the discovery of new gas volumes at the Caipipendi contract 
area in Bolivia. The discovery is tentatively estimated as being around 1 TCF (trillion cubic feet) of 
reserves and prospective resources. The BCS-X1ST well is located in the Luis Calvo province of 
the department of Chuquisaca in the Caipipendi contract area, which also covers territory in the 
department of Tarija. Repsol is the operator of the Caipipendi block with a 37.5% stake, in 
partnership with Shell and Pan American Energy under a contractual framework entered into with 
Yacimientos Petrolíferos Fiscales Bolivianos. Repsol also has interests in the San Alberto, San 
Antonio, Río Grande and Yapacani productive gas fields. In 2018, the Bolivian authorities 
approved the law that awarded the exploration and exploitation contract for the Iñiguazu area, of 
which Repsol is the operator and owner of 37.5%, located south of the Caipipendi Block. 
▪ 
Colombia, where Repsol has production in the Cravo Norte and CPO-9 blocks, an approval was 
announced in April 2018 for the start of Phase 1 of the Akacias Project Development Plan to 
increase current production, located in the CPO-9 block. In March 2019, in the Akacias project 
where Repsol holds a 45% stake, a total production record of 20 kbbl/d was reached, as a result of 
the drilling work carried out in the Phase I of the Development Plan. The final target is to reach a 
total production of 50 kbbl/d in the medium term. In March 2020, the Lorito Este-1 exploration 
well in CPO-9 block was completed with positive results. 
▪ 
Peru, where the Kinteroni field started its production in March 2014 and the Sagari field began 
production in November 2017. Both fields are located in block 57, where Repsol is the operator 
company, in the Ucayali-Madre de Dios basin, one of the most prolific gas areas in Peru. Within 
the framework of the development plan of the Sagari field, in 2018 the Compression project was 
completed. Repsol also has a 10% stake in the Camisea productive area (Blocks 56 and 88). 
▪ 
Venezuela, where Repsol has a 50% interest in the Cardon IV (Perla discovery) gas project, a 40% 
interest in the productive blocks Quiriquire (EM), Barua Motatan and Mene Grande and a 60% 
interest in Quiriquire Gas. Repsol also has an 11% interest in the Carabobo project. 
▪ 
Algeria, where in December 2017, the Reggane Nord gas project came into production. The 
Reggane Nord project is composed of six gas fields and is jointly operated with Sonatrach. Repsol 
has a 35% stake in the Greater MLN/ Menzel Ledjmet Sud-Est productive Area in the east of 
Algeria. Repsol also has interests in the Tin Fouye Tabankort productive field in the Illizi basin 
where in 2018 an agreement was reached with the Algerian state company to extend the licence for 
25 years.  
▪ 
Libya, where Repsol has participations in the oil productive blocks NC-115 and NC-186 in the 
Murzuq basin in the southwest of the country. As a consequence of security issues in Libya, 
production was halted for almost the whole of the first three quarters of 2020. Production resumed 
in October 2020 following a ceasefire between the warring parties. 
▪ 
The United Kingdom and Norway, where Repsol has an interest in a relevant number of mature 
fields, a 7.7% interest was acquired in the Norwegian offshore field Visund in February 2018. 
Also, in 2018, the Norwegian authorities approved the Development Plan of the YME field 
(located in blocks PL 316 and PL 316B of the Egersund basin), where Repsol is the operating

--- Page 58 ---
Page 55
company. In December 2020, the Mærsk Inspirer mobile offshore drilling and production unit was 
successfully installed at the Yme field in the southern North Sea. Now that this milestone has been 
reached, first oil is expected to be extracted in the second half of 2021. In February 2019, Repsol 
announced that it had reached an agreement for the acquisition from Total of 7.65% of the Mikkel 
field in Norway. In August 2019, the Norwegian authorities authorised the extension of the lifetime 
of the Rev field facilities (Repsol is the operator and has a 70% stake as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus) until 1 April 2021, when the current production license expires. The Group has also 
acquired development block PL-055E (Brage site), with a 33.84% stake. 
▪ 
Greece, in April 2019, Repsol signed a new exploratory contract in Greece as operator of the 
Ionian offshore block (located in the Ionian Sea north of Kefalonia and west of the islands of 
Lefkada and Corfu). Repsol holds a 50% stake in the Ionian block, the Greek company Hellenic 
holding the remaining 50%. The agreement was ratified at the end of 2019 by the Greek 
parliament. 
▪ 
In Spain, the authorities approved in 2018 the extension for ten years of the exploitation permit for 
the Casablanca platform located in the waters of the Mediterranean coast of Tarragona. 
▪ 
Russia, where Repsol has an interest in development and production blocks in the Volga-Ural basin 
and in exploration blocks in the West Siberian basin. In March and May 2020, two new wells were 
put into production at the TNO asset. The Sablerskiy exploration block was acquired as part of the 
AROG Joint Venture, with a 49% stake. 
▪ 
Indonesia, where Repsol’s assets include interests in an important production sharing contract 
(PSC) in the Corridor block, located at the South Sumatra basin. In 2018, the award of the 
exploratory onshore block Southeast Jambi (Repsol holding 40% as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, after the sale of 27% to Pertamina in February 2020, and being the operator) was 
completed. In February 2019, Repsol announced a major discovery of the Kaliberau Dalam-2X 
(KBD-2X) exploratory well in the Sakakemang onshore block in the south of Sumatra island, 
where Repsol is the operator with a 45% stake. In October 2020, the GCS (Geological Carbon 
Storage) project was launched in Sakakemang. The project is aligned with the Group’s 
commitment to achieve zero net emissions by 2050. For the Group, this is a pioneering initiative in 
carbon capture and storage, comparable in size to others worldwide. The Group expects to capture 
2 million tons (Mtn) of carbon annually, with a total of 30 Mtn over the life of the project, starting 
in 2026 and ending in 2040. The development plan for the Kaliberau field at Sakakemang has 
recently been approved by the Indonesian government. The Sakakemang area, operated by Repsol, 
is located in Musi Banyuasin in the southern Sumatra province. Development Plan I for the 
Kaliberau field aims to produce gas reserves of 445.10 BSCF (billions of standard cubic feet), 
gross. In December 2019, the state-owned company Petronas acquired 49% of Repsol’s stake in the 
offshore Andaman III block, which previously stood at 100%. In November 2019, a new 20-year 
contract was officially signed for the PSC of the Corridor block, together with the partners in this 
project (ConocoPhillips and Pertamina).  
▪ 
Malaysia, where Repsol has production operations in the Block PM-3 CAA PSC and in Kinabalu. 
In October 2017, production at the Kinabalu offshore field redevelopment project started and new 
wells were subsequently put into production. Repsol is the operator with a 60% stake in this 
project. In the offshore Block PM-3 CAA PSC (where Repsol has a 35% stake) gas production 
began in May 2018 in the Bunga Pakma gas development project, and an extension of the gas sales 
contract until December 2027 was signed. 
▪ 
Vietnam, where Repsol has production operations in block 15-2/01 (HST/HSD). In March 2018, 
the Vietnamese authorities asked Repsol and its partners to halt drilling work at the Red Emperor 
discovery in the offshore block 07/03. In June 2020, Repsol signed an agreement with 
PetroVietnam whereby it would transfer to this company its 51.75% stake in Block 07/03 PSC and

--- Page 59 ---
Page 56
40% in Blocks 135-136/03 PSC. In April 2021, the transfer of interests in Blocks 07/03 PSC and 
135-136/03 PSC was completed. 
As of 31 December 2020, Repsol, through its Upstream segment, had oil and gas exploration and/or 
production interests in 26 countries, either directly or through its subsidiaries, and Repsol has operated 
and/or jointly operated assets in 22 of them.  
Average production in 2020 was 648 kboe/d, 9% less than in 2019. The decline was mainly due to 
production stoppages (Libya), natural decline of fields (Canada, Trinidad), a temporary cessation of 
productions due to the price environment in Chauvin (Canada) and Akacias (Colombia), lower gas demand 
(Peru, Algeria and Indonesia) and expiration of the licence for Piedemonte (Colombia), partly offset by the 
acquisition of an additional 63% in Eagle Ford (USA) at the end of 2019, the connection of new wells, 
mainly in Marcellus (USA), and the start of production in Buckskin (USA) in June 2019. 
In 2020, the average price of Brent crude was U.S.$41.8 per barrel, compared to an average of U.S.$64.2 
per barrel reported in 2019.  
Below is an overview of Repsol’s net proved reserves corresponding to the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2019.  
Net proved reserves (unaudited) 
Crude oil, condensate and 
LPG (1)  
Natural gas (2)  
Oil equivalent (3)  
2020 
 
2019 
2020 
 
2019 
2020 
 
2019 
Europe 
66 
 
70 
82 
102 
81 
88 
America 
370 
 
416 
6,619 
7,852 
1,548 
1,815 
           Venezuela 
28 
 
37 
1,574 
1,863 
308 
369 
           Peru 
77 
 
84 
1,467 
1,609 
338 
371 
           United States 
 
96 
 
114  
1,969  
2,251  
447  
515 
           Rest of America 
 
169 
 
181  
1,609  
2,129  
455  
560 
Africa 
107 
 
90 
193 
206 
141 
127 
Asia  
35 
 
43 
267 
371 
82 
109 
Total 
577 
620 
7,162 
8,530 
1,852 
2,139 
 _________________  
Note:  The aggregated changes in reserves and total reserves at 31 December may differ from the individual values shown because the calculations 
use more precise figures than those shown in the table. Net proved reserves include, in proportion to the Group’s respective ownership 
interest, the figures corresponding to its joint ventures or other companies managed as such. 
(1) 
Millions of barrels of crude oil (mmbbl).  
(2) 
Billions of cubic feet of gas (bcf).  
(3) 
Millions of barrels of oil equivalent (mmboe). 
At 
31 
December 
2020, 
Repsol’s 
net 
proved 
reserves, 
estimated 
in 
accordance 
with 
SPE/WPC/AAPG/SPEE/SEG/SPWLA/EAGE Petroleum Resources Management System criteria (a system 
more commonly known by its acronym, SPE-PRMS, with SPE standing for the Society of Petroleum 
Engineers) amounted to 1,852 mmboe, of which 577 mmbbl (31%) corresponded to crude oil, condensate 
and LPG, with the remainder, 1,275 mmboe (69%), corresponding to natural gas. 
The change in proved reserves in 2020 was -50 mmboe, mainly due to negative changes in activity plans 
(extensions and discoveries) and negative reviews. The proved reserves replacement ratio, calculated as the 
quotient between the total additions of proved reserves in the period and the production of the period, was  
-21% in 2020 (23% in 2019).

--- Page 60 ---
Page 57
Industrial 
Repsol’s Industrial segment includes mainly refining activities, petrochemical, trading and transportation of 
crude oil and oil products and commercialisation, transportation and regasification of natural gas and LNG. 
Set forth below is certain information in respect of Repsol’s unaudited operating data for the periods 
indicated: 
 
31/12/2020 
31/12/2019 
 
Refining capacity (kbbl/d) 
1,013 
1,013 
Conversion index in Spain (%) 
63 
63 
Refining margin indicator in Spain (U.S.$/bbl) 
2.2 
5.0 
Crude processed (million t) 
35.9 
44.0 
Petrochemical product sales (kt)  
2,729 
2,787 
 _________________  
Note:  These metrics include, in proportion to the Group’s respective ownership interest, the figures corresponding to its joint ventures or other 
companies managed as such.  
The Group owns and operates five refineries in Spain (Cartagena, A Coruña, Bilbao, Puertollano and 
Tarragona), with a total distillation capacity of 896 thousand barrels of oil/day (including the stake in 
Asfaltos Españoles, S.A., in Tarragona) and one in Peru (La Pampilla), in which Repsol is the operator and 
has a stake of 92.42%, the installed capacity amounts to 117 thousand barrels of oil/day. The Group’s 
refineries in Spain processed 33.1 million tons of crude oil in 2020, 16% less than in 2019, and their 
average use of distillation was 74% in Spain compared with 88% the previous year. The refining margin 
index in Spain in 2020 stood at U.S.$2.2 per barrel, lower than in 2019 (U.S.$5.0 per barrel). The year 
2020 was shaped by the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on global demand and the gradual decline of 
refining margins. 
The production of Repsol’s Chemicals business is concentrated in three petrochemical complexes, located 
in Puertollano and Tarragona (Spain) and Sines (Portugal), in which there is a high level of integration 
between base chemicals and derived chemicals, as well as with the Group’s refining activities in the case of 
the Spanish complexes. 
Repsol also has different subsidiaries and affiliates, through which it has plants dedicated to the 
manufacture of polyolefin compounds, synthetic rubber and chemical specialities, the latter through 
Dynasol, a 50% partnership with the Mexican group KUO, with plants in Spain, Mexico and China, the 
latter together with local partners. Sales of petrochemical products to third parties in 2020 amounted to 2.9 
million tons, in line with 2019 volumes.  
Repsol also has a Trading business, the main function of which is to optimise the supply and marketing of 
the Group’s positions in international markets (integrated supply chain) and its activity consists of (i) the 
supply of crude oil and products for refining systems and other Group needs, (ii) the marketing of crude oil 
and surplus products from its own production, (iii) the maritime transport of crude oil and derivative 
products associated with these activities, and (iv) the management of product hedges in the financial 
derivative markets. In 2020, a total of 1,518 vessels were chartered (1,635 in 2019) and 369 voyages were 
made through the fleet in Time Charter (374 in 2019). 
Additionally, the Group has both its regasification and transport assets in its marketing businesses in North 
America, including the Canaport regasification plant and the gas pipelines in Canada and the United States.

--- Page 61 ---
Page 58
Commercial and Renewables  
This business segment corresponds mainly to mobility and commercialisation of oil products and LPG, gas 
and electricity commercialisation and low carbon generation and renewable sources. Set forth below is 
certain information in respect of Repsol’s unaudited operating data for the periods indicated: 
 
31/12/2020 
31/12/2019 
 
Number of service stations 
4,966 
4,944  
Marketing own network sales (kt) 
19,039 
24,544 
Electricity generation capacity (MW) 
3,295 
2,952 
LPG sales (kt)  
1,162 
1,253 
While the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on demand for oil products (mainly fuels and 
kerosene) as a result of the restrictions on mobility and the decline in economic activity, the Group’s 
commercial businesses were able to meet the energy and mobility needs of their customers.  
Repsol conducts distribution and mobility activities through its own personnel and facilities in five 
countries (Spain, Portugal, Peru, Italy and Mexico). As at 31 December 2020, Repsol had 4,966 service 
stations across Spain (3,331), Portugal (496), Peru (589), Italy (295) and Mexico (255). In 2020, Repsol 
opened the first natural gas station in Bizkaia province with a continuous supply of Compressed Natural 
Gas. In April 2021, Repsol agreed to sell its fuel business (including Repsol’s network of service stations 
and the direct fuel sales business) in Italy. The transaction was carried out within the framework of the 
Group’s Plan, which Repsol believes focuses on the geographic areas with the greatest competitive 
advantages. 
With respect to its LPG retail distribution business, Repsol distributes bottled LPG, bulk LPG and AutoGas 
in Spain, with over 4 million active customers as at 31 December 2020. In Portugal, Repsol distributes 
bottled LPG, bulk LPG and AutoGas to the final customer and supplies other operators. Total LPG sales in 
2020 amounted to 1,162 thousand tons (compared to 1,253 thousand tons in 2019), of which 1,053 
thousand tons corresponded to Spain (1,126 thousand tons in 2019) and 88 thousand metric tons to Portugal 
(98 thousand metric tons in 2019). In 2019, Repsol started the commercialisation in France and in 2020, in 
the Canary Islands in Spain. 
In addition, and to maximise the value of the entire chain of petroleum products from refining, Repsol is 
engaged in the production and commercialisation of lubricants, asphalts and specialised products. 
Production is mainly concentrated in Spain, although in the case of lubricants there are two additional 
manufacturing hubs: Mexico, through the joint venture with Bardahl, which covers the Americas, and 
Indonesia and Singapore, through the joint venture with United Oil, which covers Southeast Asia. Product 
sales in 2020 were 1,549kt (1,868kt in 2019).  
In 2018, Repsol started its low carbon generation and gas and electricity commercialisation businesses with 
the acquisition of the non-regulated emission electricity production, and gas and electricity marketing 
businesses from Viesgo. Since then, the Group has enhanced its position as a multi-energy provider, 
embarking upon electrical generation and commercialisation activities of gas and electricity. The services 
offered include digital solutions, electricity certified as 100% low emissions, exclusive benefits for 
customers and discounts at Repsol’s network of service stations. As at 31 December 2020, Repsol had a 
total installed capacity of 3,295 MW (2,952 MW In 2019) and capacity under development of 2,639 MW 
(1,185 MW in 2019). In October 2020, Repsol reached an agreement with the Ibereólica Renovables Group 
to access a portfolio of projects in Chile that Ibereólica has in operation, construction or development, 
totalling more than 1,600 MW through to 2025 and the possibility of exceeding 2,600 MW by 2030. At the 
end of 2020, the Delta project (eight wind farms located in Aragon) came online with 335 MW of installed 
capacity.

--- Page 62 ---
Page 59
Board of Directors, Senior Management and Employees 
Board of Directors  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor are as 
follows:  
Name 
Position 
Antonio Brufau Niubó ......................................................  
Chairman 
Manuel Manrique Cecilia(1) ..............................................  
Vice Chairman 
Josu Jon Imaz San Miguel ................................................  
CEO 
Aurora Catá Sala ..............................................................  
Director 
Rene Dahan ......................................................................  
Director 
Arantza Estefanía Larrañaga ............................................  
Director 
Carmina Ganyet i Cirera ...................................................  
Director 
Teresa García-Milá Lloveras ............................................  
Director 
José Manuel Loureda Mantiñán(1) ....................................  
Director 
Ignacio Martín San Vicente ..............................................  
Director 
Mariano Marzo Carpio(2) ..................................................  
Director 
Henri Philippe Reichstul ..................................................  
Director 
Isabel Torremocha Ferrezuelo ..........................................  
Director 
J. Robinson West ..............................................................  
Director 
Luis Suárez de Lezo Mantilla ...........................................  
Director and Secretary of the Board of Directors 
_______________  
(1) 
Nominated for membership by Sacyr, S.A.  
(2) 
Lead Independent Director. 
The business address of each of the directors as directors of the Guarantor is Calle Méndez Álvaro, 44, 
28045 Madrid, Spain. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of the Guarantor to the 
Guarantor and their respective private interests and/or other duties. The directors of the Guarantor have no 
principal activities performed by them outside the Guarantor where these are significant with respect to the 
Guarantor.  
Executive Committee  
The Guarantor has an Executive Committee (Comité Ejecutivo), which is responsible for running the global 
strategy and policies approved by the Board of Directors, and whose members, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Josu Jon Imaz San Miguel ...........................................................  
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
Luis Cabra Dueñas ......................................................................  
Executive 
Managing 
Director 
Energy 
Transition, 
Sustainability 
and 
Technology; Deputy to the CEO 
Antonio Lorenzo Sierra ...............................................................  
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
María Victoria Zingoni ................................................................  
Executive Managing Director of Customer and Low Carbon Generation 
Tomás García Blanco ..................................................................  
Executive Managing Director of Exploration and Production 
Arturo Gonzalo Aizpiri ...............................................................  
Executive Managing Director of Communications, Institutional Relations and 
Chairman’s Office 
Miguel Klingenberg Calvo ..........................................................  
Executive Managing Director of Legal Affairs 
Juan Abascal Heredero ................................................................  
Executive Director of Industrial Transformation and Circular Economy 
Carmen Muñoz Perez ..................................................................  
Corporate Director of People & Organization 
Valero Marín Sastrón. .................................................................  
Corporate Director of Digitalization and Global Services

--- Page 63 ---
Page 60
The business address of each of the members of the Executive Committee of the Guarantor is Calle 
Méndez Álvaro, 44, 28045 Madrid, Spain. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the members of the Executive Committee of 
the Guarantor to the Guarantor and their respective private interests and/or other duties. The members of 
the Executive Committee of the Guarantor have no principal activities performed by them outside the 
Guarantor where these are significant with respect to the Guarantor.  
Employees 
According to the audited consolidated financial statements of Repsol, S.A. as of and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s average employee headcount was 24,183 in 2020 (24,891 in 2019). 
Cenyt investigation 
In 2019, the Spanish High Court (Audiencia Nacional) commenced a preliminary investigation into certain 
agreements between Repsol and Cenyt, a company connected to José Manuel Villarejo, the former Spanish 
police commissioner who is under criminal investigation in Spain for charges relating to bribery and 
corruption. 
Repsol has been co-operating with the Spanish judicial authorities in the investigation that they are carrying 
out in the context of so-called Operation Tandem with regard to Repsol’s contracting the services of Cenyt. 
To that end, Repsol provided at the end of 2019 all the information that was requested by the judicial 
authorities, without having received any further requests or communications to date. 
Following the first press reports about Cenyt’s hiring by Repsol, and before any judicial investigation into 
this matter commenced, Repsol’s compliance department carried out an internal investigation, assisted by 
independent external experts who performed forensic work. The investigation concluded that there had 
been no illegal conduct or a violation of the Group’s Code of Ethics and Conduct on the part of any 
director, senior manager or employee of Repsol, past or present, in connection with contracting the services 
of Cenyt. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, and to the best of Repsol’s knowledge, Repsol is not facing any 
criminal charges or is the subject matter of these investigations.  
Repsol’s former head of security and his subordinate, the former manager of support services within the 
Security Department, were each declared as an “investigated party” (called “investigado” under Spanish 
law) by the judge in the proceedings and testified in relation to Repsol’s hiring of Cenyt’s services. 
Recently, Repsol’s chairman and Repsol’s secretary of the Board of Directors as well as two former Repsol 
executives were also declared as an investigated party and have been summoned to appear before the court 
to give evidence. 
In this phase of the proceedings, being declared as an investigated party does not imply that a formal 
accusation for a crime has been made. 
Furthermore, on 21 April 2021, Repsol’s Audit and Control Committee, Nomination Committee and 
Committee of Independent Directors met in order to analyse all the relevant information on Repsol’s hiring 
of Cenyt and the latest known judicial decisions on this matter. These committees confirmed that there had 
been no illegal conduct or a violation of the Group’s Code of Ethics and Conduct on the part of any 
director, senior manager or employee of Repsol, past or present, in connection with contracting the services 
of Cenyt. Following such meetings, Repsol’s Board of Directors met on the same day and publicly 
reiterated its support for Repsol’s chairman and Repsol’s secretary of the Board of Directors as well as 
Repsol’s commitment to continue to cooperate fully with the ongoing investigation.

--- Page 64 ---
Page 61
Share capital and major shareholders  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor’s share capital is comprised of 1,567,890,563 shares 
at a nominal value of €1 fully subscribed and paid, and admitted to listing on the automated quotation 
system (mercado continuo) of the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock Exchanges. The 
Guarantor also has a programme of ADS, currently traded on the OTCQX market in the United States.  
In accordance with the latest information available to Repsol, at the date of this Base Prospectus the 
Guarantor’s major shareholders beneficially owned the following percentages of its ordinary shares:  
Shareholder 
Percentage of 
voting rights 
attributed to 
shares 
(direct) 
Percentage of 
voting rights 
attributed to 
shares (indirect) 
Percentage of voting 
rights through 
financial 
instruments 
Percentage 
of total 
voting rights 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
Sacyr, S.A.(1) 
— 
7.826 
— 
7.826 
JP Morgan Chase & Co (2) 
— 
0.585 
6.270 
6.855 
BlackRock, Inc. (3) 
— 
4.762 
0.236 
4.998 
Amundi Asset Management, S.A.(4) 
— 
4.500 
— 
4.500 
 _________________  
(1) 
Sacyr, S.A. holds its interest through Sacyr Securities, S.A., Sacyr Investments, S.A.U. and Sacyr Investments II, S.A.U. 
(2) 
JPMorgan Chase & Co holds its interest through a number of controlled entities. The information is based on the statement submitted by this company to the 
CNMV on 19 March 2020 based on the share capital amount of 1,566,043,878 shares. 
(3) 
BlackRock, Inc. holds its interest through a number of controlled entities. The information is based on the statement submitted by this company to the CNMV on 
10 December 2019 based on the share capital amount of 1,527,396,053 shares. 
(4) 
Amundi Asset Management, S.A. holds its interest through a number of controlled entities 
Material Contracts 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group is not party to any material contracts that are not entered 
into in the ordinary course of the Group’s business, which could result in any member of the Group being 
under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Guarantor’s or the Issuers’ ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
The Group companies are party to judicial and arbitration proceedings arising in the ordinary course of 
their business activities. The most significant of these, which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Group’s financial position or profitability, and their status as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus are summarised below. 
United Kingdom 
Addax arbitration in relation to the purchase of Talisman Energy UK Limited (TSEUK) 
On 13 July 2015, Addax Petroleum UK Limited (Addax) and Sinopec International Petroleum Exploration 
and Production Corporation (Sinopec) filed a Notice of Arbitration against Talisman Energy Inc. (now 
known as ROGCI) and Talisman Colombia Holdco Limited (TCHL) in connection with the purchase of 
49% of the shares of TSEUK (now known as RSRUK). On 1 October 2015, ROGCI and TCHL submitted 
the answer to the “Notice of Arbitration”. On 25 May 2016, Addax and Sinopec formalised the arbitration 
claim, in which they requested that, in the event that their claims be upheld in full, they be paid the amount 
of their initial investment in RSRUK, which materialised in 2012 through the purchase of 49% of RSRUK 
from TCHL, a 100% subsidiary of ROGCI, together with any additional investment, past or future, in such 
company, as well as any loss of opportunity that could have occurred, which is estimated to be a total 
amount of approximately U.S.$5,500 million.

--- Page 65 ---
Page 62
The dispute relates to events which took place in 2012, prior to Repsol’s acquisition of Talisman Energy 
Inc. in 2015 and does not involve any actions by Repsol. 
ROCGI and TCHL submitted their response to the arbitration complaint and corresponding evidence on 25 
November 2016. Addax and Sinopec submitted a reply brief with additional evidence on 31 May 2017; and 
ROCGI and TCHL submitted a rejoinder brief and further evidence on 2 August 2017. New expert reports 
were exchanged on 18 October 2017, 1 November 2017 and 23 May 2018, respectively. 
ROGCI and TCHL asked the Arbitral Tribunal to dismiss the claims of Addax and Sinopec based on 
contractual guarantees and in January 2017, the Tribunal decided that it would deliberate on that request 
prior to other issues. The hearing regarding this request took place on 19 and 20 June 2017. On 15 August 
2017, the Arbitral Tribunal issued a Partial Award dismissing the warranty claims of Addax and Sinopec. 
The Arbitral Tribunal decided, among other procedural matters, the split of the procedure in two phases: 
the first addressing liability and the second dealing with the amount of any liability found that, where 
appropriate, would have been determined. The oral hearing on liability issues took place between 29 
January and 22 February and between 18 June and 29 June 2018, this last period being devoted mainly to 
the testimonies of the experts proposed by the parties. The hearing on the oral conclusions was held from 9 
July to 11 July 2018 and the written conclusions were presented on 29 September and 12 October 2018. 
The five main matters in dispute are reserves, production, abandonment, projects and maintenance. On 29 
January 2020, the Arbitral Tribunal issued its second Partial Award on the first aspect of the five matters to 
be determined in the liability phase and, although Repsol had considered the claims to be without merit, 
supported by external advice, and still does, the Tribunal decided that ROGCI and TCHL are liable to 
Sinopec and Addax in respect of that aspect of the claim. On 28 April 2020, Repsol challenged the partial 
award in the Singapore courts, as the case had been transferred to the Singapore International Commercial 
Court (SICC). The oral hearing related to the challenge made before the Singapore Courts against the 
Partial Award took place in March 2021 and a decision on the action for annulment is expected to be 
handed down during the second quarter of 2021. 
Although the exact amount of the potential compensation (if any) is unknown as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, in view of the Partial Award issued on 29 January 2020, Repsol made an estimate of the total 
of the economic impacts that could eventually result from this litigation, and accordingly recorded a 
provision of U.S.$940 million in its consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 
December 2020.  
In April 2021, a new Partial Award was issued by the Arbitral Tribunal in connection with the other four 
issues pending resolution in the liability phase, finding ROGCI and TCHL liable in relation to production 
(overlapping with the previous award related to reserves) and dismissing the claims of Addax and Sinopec 
on the rest of the matters (decommissioning, projects and maintenance).  
This new Partial Award is currently under analysis internally and with external counsel, and until the 
conclusion of the required analysis, Repsol will not be able to accurately assess its potential impact. 
However, Repsol’s preliminary view is positive; the award dismisses most of the claims and allows Repsol 
to outline with more clarity the potential consequences of the conduct of the Talisman group, limiting 
Repsol’s risks. Repsol will review its current accounting provisions upon the conclusion of the required 
analysis, which presumably will result in a reduction of the amount initially registered.  
Now that all the claims have been decided, a new procedural phase will be necessary to determine the 
amounts, the timetable of which has not yet been established as at the date of this Base Prospectus. It is 
likely that such timetable should include deadlines for new allegation briefs, evidence, additional expert 
statements and a new oral hearing. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Repsol estimates that the phase 
related to the determination of the amount will not be resolved before the first quarter of 2023.

--- Page 66 ---
Page 63
Additionally, on 30 November 2017, the Guarantor commenced an arbitration against China Petroleum 
Corporation and TipTop Luxembourg S.à r.l., which are both Sinopec group companies, seeking relief 
from any adverse ruling on the arbitration referred to above together with other damages, which are 
unquantified as at the date of this Base Prospectus. This procedure is based on their conduct towards 
Repsol during the months leading up to its acquisition of Talisman Energy Inc. and its group. Following a 
decision on issues relating to the evidence, it is expected that the hearing will begin in May 2021, with an 
award being expected to be handed down during the second half of 2021. If Repsol’s claim is upheld, 
Sinopec should hold Repsol harmless from any judgment in the other arbitration proceedings. 
United States of America 
The Passaic River / Newark Bay lawsuit 
The events underlying this litigation relate to the sale by Maxus Energy Corporation (Maxus) of its former 
chemicals subsidiary, Diamond Shamrock Chemical Company (Chemicals) to Occidental Chemical 
Corporation (OCC). Maxus agreed to indemnify Occidental for certain environmental contingencies 
relating to the business and activities of Chemicals prior to 4 September 1986. Maxus was subsequently 
acquired by YPF in 1995 and in 1999 the Guarantor acquired YPF. 
In December 2005, the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) and the New Jersey 
Spill Compensation Fund (together, the State of New Jersey) sued the Guarantor (then called Repsol YPF 
S.A.), YPF, YPF Holdings Inc. (YPFH), CLH Holdings (CLHH), Tierra Solutions, Inc. (Tierra), Maxus 
and OCC for the alleged contamination caused by the former Chemicals plant which allegedly 
contaminated the Passaic River, Newark Bay and other bodies of water and properties in the vicinity. 
On 26 September 2012, OCC lodged a Second Amended Cross Claim (the Cross Claim) against the 
Guarantor, YPF, Maxus, Tierra and CLHH (together, the Defendants) demanding, among other things, that 
the Guarantor and YPF be held liable for Maxus’ debts. 
Between June 2013 and August 2014, the Defendants signed different agreements with the State of New 
Jersey, in which they did not acknowledge liability and through certain payments in exchange for the 
withdrawal by the State of New Jersey of its proceedings against them. In February 2015, the Guarantor 
filed a claim against OCC for the U.S.$65 million that it had to pay to the State of New Jersey. 
On 5 April 2016, the Presiding Judge decided to dismiss OCC’s suit against the Guarantor in full. On 17 
June 2016, Maxus filed for bankruptcy with the Federal Bankruptcy Court of the State of Delaware, and 
also requested the stay of the Cross Claim. On 19 October 2017, the Presiding Judge upheld the 
Guarantor’s claim against OCC in full, ordering OCC to pay U.S.$65 million plus interest and costs. 
On 14 September 2018, Maxus, which was declared by the Federal Bankruptcy Court of Delaware the 
successor to OCC (its main creditor) as the claimant in the Cross Claim, filed an appeal against the ruling 
handed down in these proceeding, rejecting the claim between Maxus and Repsol. At the same time, OCC 
filed an appeal against the claim ordering them to pay the U.S.$65 million that Repsol had to pay to the 
State of New Jersey. The hearing for both appeals was held on 16 December 2020. 
On 14 June 2018, the bankruptcy administrators of Maxus filed a lawsuit (the New Claim) in the Federal 
Bankruptcy Court of the State of Delaware against YPF, the Guarantor and certain subsidiaries of both 
companies for the same claims as those contained in the Cross Claim. In February 2019, the Federal 
Bankruptcy Court rejected the petitions submitted by the Guarantor requesting that the Court reject the 
New Claim from the outset, which implies that the proceedings will be ongoing. Repsol maintains the 
view, as has been shown in the Cross Claim, that the claims made in the New Claim and in the Insurance 
Claim are unfounded. 
On 10 December 2019, the bankruptcy administrators of Maxus filed an insurance claim in Texas (the 
Insurance Claim) against Greenstone Assurance Limited (a historical captive reinsurance company of the

--- Page 67 ---
Page 64
Maxus group and currently 100% owned by the Guarantor, Greenstone), claiming that Greenstone would 
be required to pay Maxus compensation for the liabilities arising from the indemnity granted to OCC, by 
virtue of alleged insurance policies issued by Greenstone between 1974 and 1998. 
Repsol continues to maintain the view that the claims asserted in the Insurance Claim are unfounded. 
However, the parties agreed to settle the claims for an amount of U.S.$25 million. The settlement 
agreement was executed on 25 March 2021 and the parties filed with the Court a joint motion to dismiss 
with prejudice on 26 March 2021, which was granted on 9 April 2021. 
Administrative and legal proceedings with tax implications 
Repsol does business globally, operating as a vertically-integrated oil and gas company, which translates 
into growing complexity with respect to tax management in the current international context. 
In accordance with prevailing tax legislation, tax returns cannot be considered final until they have been 
inspected by the tax authorities or until the inspection period in each tax jurisdiction has elapsed. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the years for which Repsol Group companies have their tax returns 
open to inspection in respect of the main applicable taxes are as follows: 
Country 
Years 
Country 
Years 
Algeria 
2016 – 2020 
Malaysia 
2015 - 2020 
Australia 
2016 – 2020 
Norway 
2018 – 2020 
Bolivia 
2015 – 2020 
Netherlands 
2019 – 2020 
Canada 
2014 – 2020 
Peru 
2016 - 2020 
Colombia 
2015 – 2020 
Portugal 
2017 - 2020 
Ecuador 
2017 – 2020 
United Kingdom 
2014 – 2020 
Spain 
2017 – 2020 
Singapore 
2016 - 2020 
United States 
2017 – 2020 
Trinidad y Tobago 
2015 - 2020 
Indonesia 
2015 – 2020 
Venezuela 
2014 - 2020 
Libya 
2013 – 2020 
 
 
 
Whenever discrepancies arise between Repsol and the tax authorities with respect to the tax treatment 
applicable to certain operations, the Group acts with the authorities in a transparent and cooperative manner 
in order to resolve the resulting controversy, using the legal avenues available with a view to reaching non-
litigious solutions. However, during the year ended 31 December 2020, as in prior years, there are 
administrative and legal proceedings with tax implications that might be adverse to the Group’s interest and 
that have given rise to litigious situations that could result in additional tax liabilities. Repsol believes that 
it has acted lawfully in handling such matters and that its defence arguments are underpinned by reasonable 
interpretations of prevailing legislation, to which end it has lodged appeals as necessary to defend the 
interests of the Group and its shareholders. 
It is difficult to predict when these tax proceedings will be resolved due to the extensive appeals process. 
Based on the advice received from in-house and external tax experts, Repsol believes that the tax liabilities 
that may ultimately derive from these proceedings will not have a significant impact on Repsol’s financial 
statements.  
As a general rule, the Group recognises provisions for tax-related proceedings that it deems it is likely to 
lose. The amounts to be provisioned are calculated on the basis of the best estimate of the amount needed to 
settle the lawsuit in question, underpinned, among others, by a case-by-case analysis of the facts, the legal 
opinions of its in-house and external advisers and prior experience from past events in these matters.

--- Page 68 ---
Page 65
The main tax-related lawsuits affecting the Group at 31 December 2020 were as follows: 
Bolivia 
YPFB Andina, S.A. is involved in a lawsuit regarding the deductibility of royalty payments and 
hydrocarbon shares from its income tax liabilities. A judgment has been handed down at first instance, 
rejecting the company’s claim and the lawsuit is currently awaiting a ruling at second instance. The Group 
believes, despite the ruling handed down at first instance in 2019, that its position is expressly supported by 
law. 
Brazil 
Petrobras, as operator of the Albacora Leste, BMS 7, BMES 21 and BMS 9 consortia (in which Repsol has 
a 10%, 37%, 11% and 25% interest, respectively), received various tax assessments (IRRF, CIDE and 
PIS/COFINS) for tax years 2008 to 2013 in connection with payments to foreign companies for charter 
contracts for exploration platforms and related services used for activities in the blocks. 
Likewise, Repsol Sinopec Brasil received assessments for the same items and taxes (tax years 2009 and 
2011), in connection with payments to foreign companies for contracts for exploration charters and related 
services used in blocks BMS 48, BMS 55, BMES 29 and BMC 33, in which Repsol Sinopec Brasil was the 
operator.  
These lawsuits are currently limited to CIDE and PIS/COFINS, after the Group availed itself of a 
programme authorised by Law 13,586/17, which made it possible to reduce the amount in dispute 
regarding personal income tax (IRRF) through the retroactive application of the price determination 
percentages (split) contained in this law, abandoning the lawsuits in progress and without any penalties 
being applicable. 
All these assessments have been appealed in administrative or court proceedings (at first judicial or third 
administrative instance). The Group considers that it has acted in accordance with the law and in line with 
general practice in the sector. 
Canada 
The Canadian Revenue Agency (CRA) periodically reviews the tax situation of the companies of ROGCI 
resident in Canada. In recent years, and by applying good tax practices, ROCGI was qualified as a low-risk 
taxpayer, which has allowed it to reach agreements with the CRA. In 2020, the tax audit of international 
operations for tax years 2011, 2012 and 2013 was concluded with an agreement reached and without any 
significant impact for the Group. International operations from 2014 onwards and corporate income tax for 
2016 onwards are currently being audited. 
Spain 
Proceedings relating to the following corporate income tax years are currently open. 
▪ 
Financial years 2006 to 2009. The matters discussed relate mainly to transfer prices, deduction 
of losses for investments abroad and deductions for investments, the majority of them as a 
result in changes in the criteria maintained by the tax administration in previous actions. In 
relation to the transfer price adjustments, the settlements have been annulled as a consequence 
of the resolution of a dispute by the Arbitration Board of the Economic Agreement with the 
Basque Country, the resolution of an amicable procedure with the U.S. and two rulings handed 
down by the Central Economic Administrative Tribunal; the tax authorities issued a new 
assessment for the 2007-2009 period applying the criteria already accepted in subsequent years 
by the tax administration and the Group as taxpayer (the assessment for 2006 is still pending). 
In relation to the other matters, the Central Economic Administrative Court partially upheld the

--- Page 69 ---
Page 66
Group’s appeal, and the Group has appealed to the National High Court for the aspects that 
were not upheld (tax incentives for research and development, deduction of losses on overseas 
business), as the Group believes it has acted within the law. 
▪ 
Financial years 2010 to 2013. The actions were concluded in 2017 without any penalties being 
imposed and, for the large part, by means of assessments signed on an uncontested basis or 
agreements from which no significant liabilities have arisen for the Group. However, with 
regards to two issues (deductibility of interest for the late payment of taxes and the deduction 
of losses on overseas business), the administrative decision has been subject to appeal, as the 
Group believes it has acted within the law. The Central Economic Administrative Tribunal has 
rejected this claim. An appeal for judicial review has been lodged with the National Appellate 
Court against the ruling of the Central Economic Administrative Tribunal. 
▪ 
Financial years 2014 to 2016. The audit ended in December 2019 without the imposition of 
any penalty and, for the most part, with assessments signed on an uncontested basis or 
agreements that did not generate significant liabilities for the Group. However, there are still 
disputes regarding the deduction of losses for foreign investments and the corresponding claim 
has been filed against the administrative ruling, since the Group believes it has acted within the 
law. 
Indonesia 
The Indonesian tax authorities have been questioning various aspects regarding the taxation of the profits 
of the permanent establishments that the Group has in the country, in particular with regard to the 
application of the reduced rate of the double taxation treaties signed by Indonesia. The Group considers 
that its actions are in line with general practice in the sector and are in accordance with the law and, 
therefore, the disputes on which such actions are based are being appealed through administrative 
proceedings or a ruling has yet to be handed down by the courts. 
Malaysia 
Repsol Oil & Gas Malaysia Ltd. and Repsol Oil & Gas Malaysia (PM3) Ltd., the Group’s operating 
subsidiaries in Malaysia, have received tax assessments from the Inland Revenue Board with regard to tax 
years 2014, 2015 and 2016 questioning the deductibility of certain expenses. The assessments were 
appealed as the Group considered that its actions were in accordance with the law.

--- Page 70 ---
Page 67
TAXATION  
Luxembourg 
Introduction 
The following is a summary of certain material Luxembourg tax consequences of purchasing, owning and 
disposing of Notes issued by Repsol Europe Finance. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all 
possible tax situations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or sell Notes. It is included 
herein solely for preliminary information purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice. This summary does not allow any conclusion to be drawn with respect to issues not 
specifically addressed. The following description of Luxembourg tax law is based on the Luxembourg law 
and regulations in effect and as interpreted by the Luxembourg tax authorities on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. These laws and interpretations are subject to change that may occur after such date, even with 
retroactive or retrospective effect.  
Prospective Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers as to the particular tax consequences of 
subscribing, purchasing, holding and disposing of the Notes, including the application and effect of any 
federal, state or local taxes under the tax laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and each country of 
which they are residents or citizens. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy impost or 
other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, 
please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le 
revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), the solidarity surcharge 
(contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu des personnes 
physiques). Corporate taxpayers may further be subject to net worth tax (impôt sur la fortune), as well as 
other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax and the solidarity surcharge 
invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers 
are generally subject to personal income tax and a solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where 
individual taxpayers act in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, 
municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Tax residency 
A noteholder will not become resident, nor be deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg solely by virtue of 
holding and/or disposing of Notes or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of his/her 
rights thereunder. 
Withholding tax 
Resident Noteholders 
 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect (subject to the exception below), there is no withholding tax 
on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) made to a Luxembourg resident Noteholder. 
There is also no Luxembourg withholding tax upon repayment of principal, refund or redemption of the 
Notes held by a Luxembourg resident Noteholder.  
 
However, under the amended Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 (Relibi Law), a 20% Luxembourg 
withholding tax is levied on interest or similar income payments made by Luxembourg paying agents to or 
for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is resident in Luxembourg. This 
withholding tax also applies on accrued or capitalised interest received upon disposal, redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial

--- Page 71 ---
Page 68
owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for 
the withholding tax is assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.  
Further, Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the course of the management of their private wealth, 
who are the beneficial owners of interest payments and other similar income made by a paying agent 
established outside Luxembourg in a Member State of the EU or the EEA, may opt for a final 20% levy. In 
such case, the 20% levy is calculated on the same amounts as for the payments made by Luxembourg 
paying agents. The option for the 20% final levy must cover all interest payments made by such foreign 
paying agents to the beneficial owner during the entire civil year. Responsibility for the declaration and 
payment of the 20% levy is assumed by the Luxembourg resident individual beneficial owner of the 
interest. 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect, there is no withholding tax on payments of interest 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) made to a Luxembourg non-resident Noteholder. There is also no 
Luxembourg withholding tax upon repayment of the principal, refund or redemption of the Notes held by a 
Luxembourg non-resident Noteholder. 
Income tax 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who have neither a permanent establishment nor a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable are not liable to any 
Luxembourg income tax, whether they receive payments of principal or interest (including accrued but 
unpaid interest) or realise capital gains upon redemption, repurchase, sale, disposal or exchange, in any 
form whatsoever, of any Notes. 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who have a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable are liable to 
Luxembourg income tax on any interest received or accrued, as well as any reimbursement premium 
received at maturity and any capital gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Notes and have to include this income in their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment 
purposes. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Luxembourg resident individuals 
A resident individual Noteholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is 
subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue discounts 
under the Notes, except if a final withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the 
Relibi Law. 
Under Luxembourg domestic tax law, gains realised upon the sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes, 
which do not constitute zero coupon notes, by an individual Noteholder, who is a resident of Luxembourg 
for tax purposes and who acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth are not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the 
acquisition of the Notes.  
A resident individual Noteholder, who acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth and 
who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, has further to include the portion of the gain 
corresponding to accrued but unpaid income in respect of the Notes in his/her taxable income, insofar as 
the accrued but unpaid interest is indicated separately in the agreement.

--- Page 72 ---
Page 69
A gain realised upon a sale of Zero Coupon Notes before their maturity by Luxembourg resident 
Noteholders, in the course of the management of their private wealth, must be included in their taxable 
income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking to which the Notes are attributable, have to include any interest received or accrued, 
as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal of the Notes, in any form whatsoever, in their taxable 
income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with 
the Relibi Law will be credited against the final tax liability of the Noteholders. Taxable gains are 
determined as being the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including accrued but 
unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed. 
Luxembourg corporate residents 
Luxembourg corporate Noteholders must include any interest received or accrued, redemption premium or 
issue discounts under the Notes as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal of the Notes, in their 
taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. Taxable gains are determined as being 
the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including but unpaid interest) and the 
lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed. 
Luxembourg corporate residents benefiting from a special tax regime 
Luxembourg corporate Noteholders who benefit from a special tax regime, such as, for example, (i) 
undertakings for collective investment governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010, (ii) specialised 
investment funds governed by the amended law of 13 February 2007, (iii) family wealth management 
companies governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007 or (iv) reserved alternative investment funds 
treated as specialised investment funds for Luxembourg tax purposes and governed by the amended law of 
23 July 2016 are exempt from income taxes in Luxembourg and thus income derived from the Notes, as 
well as gains realised thereon, are not subject to income taxes. 
Net worth tax 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders and non-resident Noteholders who have a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, are subject to net 
worth tax on such Notes, except if the Noteholder is (i) an individual, (ii) an undertaking for collective 
investment governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010, (iii) a securitisation company subject to 
the amended law of 22 March 2004, (iv) a company governed by the amended law of 15 June 2004 on 
venture capital vehicles, (v) a specialised investment fund governed by the amended law of 13 February 
2007, (vi) a family wealth management company governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007, (vii) a 
professional pension institution governed by the amended law of 13 July 2005, or (viii) a reserved 
alternative investment fund governed by the amended law of 23 July 2016. 
However, (i) a securitisation company governed by the amended law of 22 March 2004, (ii) a professional 
pension institution governed by the amended law of 13 July 2005, (iii) a company governed by the 
amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, or (iv) an opaque reserved alternative investment 
fund treated as a venture capital vehicle for Luxembourg tax purposes and governed by the amended law of 
23 July 2016 are subject to a minimum net worth tax. 
Other taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in 
Luxembourg by the Noteholders as a consequence of the issuance of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes 
be payable as a consequence of a subsequent transfer, redemption or repurchase of the Notes unless such 
issuance, transfer, redemption or repurchase is (i) voluntarily presented to the registration formalities, or 
(ii) appended to a document that requires mandatory registration.

--- Page 73 ---
Page 70
Under current Luxembourg tax law, where an individual Noteholder is a resident of Luxembourg for 
inheritance tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the Notes are included in his/her taxable base for 
inheritance tax purposes. On the contrary, no estate or inheritance taxes are levied on the transfer of the 
Notes upon death of an individual Noteholder in cases where the deceased was not a resident of 
Luxembourg for inheritance tax purposes at the time of his/her death. Gift tax may be due on a gift or 
donation of Notes if the gift is recorded in a deed passed in front of a Luxembourg notary or otherwise 
registered in Luxembourg. 
The Netherlands  
Introduction 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax considerations 
that could be relevant to holders of the Notes issued by Repsol International Finance B.V. This summary is 
intended for general information only. Each prospective holder should consult a professional tax adviser 
with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes. This summary is based on Dutch tax 
legislation and published case law in force as of the date of this document, effective as per 1 January 2021. 
It does not take into account any developments or amendments thereof after that date, whether or not such 
developments or amendments have retroactive effect. For the purposes of this section, “The Netherlands” 
shall mean that part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands that is in Europe. 
Scope 
Regardless of whether or not a holder of Notes is, or is treated as being, a resident of the Netherlands, with 
the exception of the section on withholding tax below, this summary does not address the Dutch tax 
consequences for such a holder: 
(i) 
having a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in the relevant Issuer (such a substantial interest 
is generally present if an equity stake of at least 5%, or a right to acquire such a stake, is held, in 
each case by reference to the Issuer’s total issued share capital, or the issued capital of a certain 
class of shares); 
(ii) 
who is a private individual and who may be taxed in box 1 for the purposes of Dutch income tax 
(inkomstenbelasting) as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) having an enterprise (onderneming) to 
which the Notes are attributable, or who may otherwise be taxed in box 1 with respect to benefits 
derived from the Notes; 
(iii) 
which is a corporate entity and a taxpayer for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax 
(vennootschapsbelasting), having a participation (deelneming) in the relevant Issuer (such a 
participation is generally present in the case of an interest of at least 5% of the Issuer’s nominal 
paid-in capital);  
(iv) 
which is a corporate entity and an exempt investment institution (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstelling) 
or investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax, a 
pension fund, or otherwise not a taxpayer or exempt for tax purposes;  
(v) 
which is a corporate entity and a resident of any non-European part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands; or 
(vi) 
which is not considered the beneficial owner (uiteindelijk gerechtigde) of the Notes and/or the 
benefits derived from the Notes. 
This summary does not describe the Dutch tax consequences for a person to whom the Notes are attributed 
on the basis of the separated private assets provisions (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) in the Dutch

--- Page 74 ---
Page 71
Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001) and/or the Dutch Gift and Inheritance Tax Act 1956 
(Successiewet 1956).  
This summary also does not address the Dutch tax consequences for a holder of Notes that is considered to 
be affiliated (gelieerd) to the relevant Issuer within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021). Generally, a holder of Notes is considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) to the 
relevant Issuer for these purposes if such holder of Notes, either individually or as part of a collaborating 
group (samenwerkende groep), has a decisive influence on the Issuer’s decisions, in such a way that such 
holder of Notes, or the collaborating group of which it forms part, is able to determine the activities of the 
Issuer. A holder of Notes, or the collaborating group of which such holder of Notes forms part, that holds 
more than 50% of the voting rights in the Issuer, or in which the relevant Issuer holds more than 50% of the 
voting rights, is in any event considered to be affiliated. A holder of Notes is also considered to be 
affiliated if a third party holds more than 50% of the voting rights both in such holder of Notes and the 
Issuer. 
Withholding tax 
All payments made by the relevant Issuer under the Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction 
for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, except where Notes are issued under such terms 
and conditions that such Notes can be classified as equity of the relevant Issuer for Dutch civil law 
purposes and/or for Dutch tax purposes or function as equity of the relevant Issuer within the meaning of 
article 10, paragraph 1, letter d, of the Dutch Corporation Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 
1969).  
Income tax 
Resident holders:  
A holder who is a private individual and a resident, or treated as being a resident of the Netherlands for the 
purposes of Dutch income tax, must record Notes as assets that are held in box 3. Taxable income with 
regard to the Notes is then determined on the basis of a certain deemed return on the holder’s yield basis 
(rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year insofar the yield basis exceeds a €50,000 
threshold (heffingvrij vermogen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually 
realised. Such yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by the 
holder of the Notes, less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities at the beginning of the 
calendar year. The fair market value of the Notes will be included as an asset in the holder's yield basis. 
The holder’s yield basis is allocated to up to three brackets for which different deemed returns apply. The 
first bracket includes amounts up to and including €50,000, which amount will be split into a 67% low-
return part and a 33% high-return part. The second bracket includes amounts in excess of €50,000 and up to 
and including €950,000, which amount will be split into a 21% low-return part and a 79% high-return part. 
The third bracket includes amounts in excess of €950,000, which will be considered high-return in full.The 
deemed return percentages will be reassessed every year. The deemed return on the holder’s yield basis is 
taxed at a rate of 31%. 
Non-resident holders: A holder who is a private individual and neither a resident, nor treated as being a 
resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Dutch income tax, will not be subject to such tax in respect 
of benefits derived from the Notes, unless such holder is entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or 
a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise which is effectively managed in the Netherlands, to which 
enterprise the Notes are attributable.

--- Page 75 ---
Page 72
Corporate income tax 
Resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity and, for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax, 
a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands, is taxed in respect of benefits derived from the 
Notes at rates of up to 25%. 
Non-resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity and, for the purposes of Dutch corporate income 
tax, is neither a resident, nor treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands, will not be subject to corporate 
income tax, unless such holder has an interest in an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried on through 
a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands, a Dutch Enterprise 
(Nederlandse onderneming), to which Dutch Enterprise the Notes are attributable, or such holder is (other 
than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net 
worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes 
are attributable. Such holder is taxed in respect of benefits derived from the Notes at rates of up to 25%. 
Gift and inheritance tax 
Resident holders: Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax (schenk- of erfbelasting) will arise in respect of an 
acquisition (or deemed acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes who 
is a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance 
tax. 
Non-resident holders: No Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax will arise in respect of an acquisition (or deemed 
acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes who is neither a resident, nor 
treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance tax. 
Other taxes 
No Dutch turnover tax (omzetbelasting) will arise in respect of any payment in consideration for the issue 
of Notes, with respect to any cash settlement of Notes or with respect to the delivery of Notes. 
Furthermore, no Dutch registration tax, capital tax, transfer tax or stamp duty (nor any other similar tax or 
duty) will be payable in connection with the issue or acquisition of the Notes. 
Residency 
A holder will not become a resident, or a deemed resident, of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes by 
reason only of holding the Notes.  
 
The Kingdom of Spain 
General 
The following is an overview of the principal Spanish tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of 
Notes. 
This overview is not a complete analysis or listing of all the possible tax consequences of the ownership or 
disposition of the Notes. Prospective investors should, therefore, consult their tax advisers with respect to 
the Spanish and other tax consequences taking into consideration the circumstances of each particular case.  
The statements regarding Spanish tax laws set out below are based on those laws in force at the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  
It should be noted that in December 2020, the Law 11/2020, of 30 December, on the General State Budget 
for 2021 (Budget Law for 2021) was approved by the Spanish parliament. The Budget Law for 2021 
includes a set of tax measures with effects from 1 January 2021 which result in a general increase of tax

--- Page 76 ---
Page 73
liabilities, including in relation to the Notes. The approved tax measures affect the various taxes in the 
Spanish tax system and therefore these new changes will be detailed throughout the following sections as 
appropriate (please note that not all tax measures introduced by the Budget Law for 2021 will be described 
but only those relevant for the purposes of taxation of the Notes). 
In addition, in October 2020 the Spanish Government approved the Draft Law on measures to prevent and 
combat fraud transposing Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164, of July 2016 laying down rules against tax 
avoidance practices that directly affect the functioning of the internal market (Draft Law on measures to 
prevent and combat tax fraud), that is currently being approved under the corresponding legislative 
process at the Spanish Parliament. Although the Draft Law on measures to prevent and combat tax fraud is 
still in draft form and some of the proposed measures could be substantially modified during the legislative 
process, this law provides for additional tax measures that could impact the Net Wealth Tax and 
Inheritance and Gift Tax by leading to an increase in the tax liabilities in relation to these taxes. 
a) Withholding tax 
Payments made by the Issuer 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in the Kingdom of Spain for tax purposes and does not operate in 
the Kingdom of Spain through a permanent establishment, branch or agency, all payments of principal and 
interest in respect of the Notes can be made free of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
taxes in the Kingdom of Spain of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by the Kingdom 
of Spain or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance with applicable 
Spanish law. 
Under certain conditions, withholding taxes may apply to Spanish taxpayers when a Spanish resident entity 
or a non-resident entity that operates in the Kingdom of Spain through a permanent establishment in the 
Kingdom of Spain is acting as depositary of the Notes or as collecting agent of any income arising from the 
Notes.  
Payments made by the Guarantor 
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee should be characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax.  
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event 
that the Spanish Tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively 
assumed all the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the 
Guarantee, they may attempt to impose withholding tax in the Kingdom of Spain on any payments made by 
the Guarantor in respect of interest at the general withholding tax rate (currently, 19 per cent.).  Such 
interest withholding tax shall not apply however, among others, when the recipient is either: 
(a) 
resident for tax purposes in a Member State of the European Union, other than Spain, or in another 
state member of the European Economic Area (or is a permanent establishment of such resident 
situated in another Member State of the European Union or in another state member of the 
European Economic Area) not acting through a territory considered as a tax haven pursuant to 
Spanish law (currently set out in Royal Decree 1080/1991, of 5 July) nor through a permanent 
establishment in Spain or in a country outside the European Union or the European Economic Area 
(please note that the Budget Law for 2021 has extended the interest exemption provided under 
Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March passing the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident 
Income Tax Law (the NRIT Law) to recipients resident for tax purposes in the European 
Economic Area, as previously this exemption only applied to EU recipients. In this regard, the

--- Page 77 ---
Page 74
NRIT Law now establishes that in the case of states that are part of the European Economic Area 
that are not Member States of the European Union, the exemption shall apply provided that there is 
an effective exchange of tax information under the terms of paragraph 4 of the first additional 
provision of law 36/2006, of 29 November, on measures for the prevention of tax fraud), provided 
that such person submits to the Guarantor a valid tax residence certificate, issued by the competent 
Tax Authorities,  
(b) 
resident in a country which has entered into a Tax Treaty with Spain which provides for the 
exemption from withholding of interest paid under the Notes, provided that such person submits to 
the Guarantor a valid tax resident certificate, issued by the competent Tax Authorities, or  
(c) 
a Spanish Corporate Income Taxpayer, provided that the Notes have been admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, as initially envisaged. Tax treaties could eliminate or reduce this 
hypothetical withholding taxation. See condition 7 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. 
b) Taxes on income and capital gains. 
Non-Resident Holder  
This paragraph is of application to a non-resident of Spain for tax purposes, whose holding of Notes is not 
effectively connected to a permanent establishment in Spain through which such person or entity carries on 
a business or trade in Spain (Non-Resident Holder).  
For Spanish tax purposes the holding of the Notes will not in and of itself cause a non-Spanish resident to 
be considered tax resident in Spain nor to be considered to have a permanent establishment in Spain.  
Payments made by the relevant Issuer to a Non-Resident Holder will not be subject to Spanish tax.  
Subject to the above (see “Payments made by the Guarantor”), any payment by the Guarantor that could be 
made pursuant to the Guarantee to a Non-Resident Holder will not be subject to withholding tax levied by 
Spain, and such Holder will not, by virtue of receipt of such payment, become subject to other additional 
taxation in Spain.  
A Non-Resident Holder will not be subject to any Spanish taxes on capital gains in respect of a gain 
realised on the disposal of a Note.  
Residents  
Spanish tax-residents are subject to Corporate or Individual Income Tax on a worldwide basis. 
Accordingly, income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons or entities 
that are considered residents in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that (i) a Spanish corporation pays interest, 
or (ii) interest is paid in Spain, will not lead an individual or entity being considered tax-resident in Spain.  
As a general rule, non-Spanish taxes withheld at source on income obtained out of Spain are deducted 
when computing tax liability, provided that they do not exceed the corresponding Spanish tax. Specific 
rules may apply according to tax treaties. 
It is to be noted that if Notes are traded in Spain, general rules governing advanced taxation at source 
(retenciones) will be applicable in connection with Spanish tax-resident holders of the Notes. The rate of 
taxation at source is currently set at 19%. However, when the income recipient is a corporation, certain 
exemptions have been established, so corporate holders are suggested to obtain independent tax advice. The 
advanced tax is credited against final Individual or Corporate Income Tax with no limit; hence, any excess 
entitles the taxpayer to a refund.

--- Page 78 ---
Page 75
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Income Tax rates applicable in Spain are: 
(i) for individual taxpayers 19% up to €6,000; 21% for taxable capital income between €6,000.01 
and €50,000; 23% for taxable capital income between €50,001 and €200,000; and 26% on taxable 
capital income exceeding €200,000. 
(ii) for corporate taxpayers 25%, though, under certain circumstances (small companies, non-profit 
entities, among others), a lower rate may apply. 
Net Wealth Tax (NWT) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals (i.e., corporations and entities, either resident or non-resident, are 
not affected by this particular tax but by legislation of Corporate Income Tax or Non-Resident Income 
Tax). 
Non-residents 
NWT may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only on those assets and rights that are located or 
that may be exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory. 
As the Notes are issued by a non-resident entity and are not payable in Spain, no tax liability would arise 
for those non-resident individual investors without a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Residents 
Under Law 19/1991, 6 June 1991, as amended (the NWT Law), all Spanish-resident individual 
shareholders are liable for NWT on all net assets and rights deemed to be owned as of 31 December, 
irrespective of where these assets are located or where the rights may be exercised, and amounting to more 
than €700,000 (such amount may be lower depending on the Spanish region of domicile of the taxpayer). A 
Holder who is required to file a NWT return should value the Notes at their average trading price in the last 
quarter of the year. Such average trading price is published on an annual basis by the Spanish Ministry of 
Finance. 
NWT is levied at rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5% (please note that the Budget Law for 2021 has 
introduced a new tax range in the scale with a maximum tax rate of 3.5% for taxable income over 
€10,695,996.06), without prejudice to any relevant exemption which may apply and the relevant laws and 
regulations in force in each autonomous region of Spain. Thus, investors should consult their tax advisers 
according to the particulars of their situation. 
With effects as from 1 January 2008, a 100% tax relief (bonificación del 100%) on Net Wealth Tax entered 
into force. However, the Spanish Central Government provisionally repealed this 100% relief on NWT for 
years 2011 and 2012. This provisional measure had however been yearly extended, until December 2020.  
As from year 2021, the 100% relief on the NWT has definitively been repealed by the Budget Law for 
2021 (so that the repeal of the tax relief will no longer have to be extended every year).  
Inheritance and Gift Tax (IGT) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals (i.e., corporations and entities, either resident or non-resident, are 
not affected by this particular tax). 
Non-residents 
IGT may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only on those assets and rights that are located or 
that may be exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory.

--- Page 79 ---
Page 76
As the Notes are issued by a non-resident entity and are not payable in Spain, no tax liability would arise 
for those non-resident individual investors without a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Residents 
The transfer of the Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy (on death or as a gift) to individuals resident in 
Spain is subject to IGT as set out in Law 29/1987, of 18 December (the IGT Law), being payable by the 
person who acquires the securities, at an effective tax rate ranging from 7.65% to 81.60%, depending on 
relevant factors (such as the specific regulations imposed by each Spanish region, the amount of the pre-
existing assets of the taxpayer and the degree of kinship with the deceased or donor). 
As the actual collection of this tax depends on the regulations of each Autonomous Community, investors 
should consult their tax advisers according to the particulars of their situation.

--- Page 80 ---
Page 77
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement  
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement dated 
7 May 2021 (as further amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the Dealer Agreement) between 
the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis by each Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, each Issuer has reserved the right to 
sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at 
prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by each Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the 
relevant Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers.  
The relevant Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. Each Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in 
connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme.  
Each Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the relevant Issuer.  
Selling Restrictions  
Belgium  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, 
as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred 
or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and 
will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents 
in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 
(The Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S).  
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the Code and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered and 
sold the Notes of any identifiable tranche, and shall not offer and sell the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution 
of such Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will 
have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period, as defined in

--- Page 81 ---
Page 78
Regulation S under the Securities Act, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 82 ---
Page 79
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Spain 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that, the Notes may not be offered, sold or 
distributed in Spain, nor may any subsequent resale of the Notes be carried out except (i) in circumstances 
which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain as provided by article 34 of the Restated 
Spanish Securities Market Act approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015, of 23 October 2015 (Real 
Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del 
Mercado de Valores) (the Securities Market Act) and the Prospectus Regulation; and (ii) by institutions 
authorised to provide investment services in Spain under Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015, of 23 October 
2015 (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la 
Ley del Mercado de Valores) and Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 
de febrero, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades 
que prestan servicios de inversión). 
Neither the Notes nor the Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and, therefore, the Base Prospectus is not 
intended to be used for any public offering of Notes in Spain non-exempted from the prospectus 
requirements. 
The Netherlands  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in 
definitive bearer form on which interest does not become due and payable during their term but only at 
maturity (savings certificates or spaarbewijzen, as defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates Act or Wet 
inzake spaarbewijzen (the SCA)) may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from 
or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the relevant Issuer or a member firm of Euronext 
Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations 
(which include registration requirements). No such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the

--- Page 83 ---
Page 80
initial issue of those Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who 
do not act in the conduct of a business or profession, and (iii) the issue and trading of those Notes, if they 
are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of 
primary trading or immediately thereafter. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading 
on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as 
used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under 
the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO) and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority

--- Page 84 ---
Page 81
of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to 
a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37(A) of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivative Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore - 
Unless otherwise stated at the time of the relevant issue of Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products/capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products/Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB), the Italian Securities Regulator, pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document

--- Page 85 ---
Page 82
relating to any Notes be distributed in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in 
Italy except:  
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
Financial Services Act) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of CONSOB regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999 (the Issuers Regulation), all as amended from time to time; or  
(b) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of the Issuers Regulation, as amended from time 
to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993 (the Banking Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended 
from time to time;  
(ii) in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which 
the Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue of securities in Italy; and  
(iii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or 
requirement which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other 
competent authority.  
Investors should note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no 
exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the subsequent 
distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer 
and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and the Issuers 
Regulation. Furthermore, Notes which were initially offered and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified 
investors only (under an exemption from the rules on public offerings) and are, in the following year 
“systematically” distributed on the secondary market in Italy to investors other than qualified investors, 
become subject to the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial 
Services Act and Issuers Regulation unless any exemptions from the rules on public offerings applies. 
Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in 
the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the 
purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession. 
General  
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.  
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer will be required to agree, that it will comply with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases,

--- Page 86 ---
Page 83
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuers, 
the Guarantors and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Other than in Luxembourg, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuers, the Guarantor or the 
Dealers that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee or the Dealers represents that Notes may, at any time, 
lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuers, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer shall agree amongst themselves.

--- Page 87 ---
Page 84
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, save for the text in italics and subject to 
completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes 
in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the 
full text of these terms and conditions together with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms or (ii) these 
terms and conditions as so completed, shall be endorsed on such Notes. References in the Conditions to 
“Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.  
The Notes are constituted by the Amended and Restated Trust Deed dated 7 May 2021 (as amended and/or 
supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the Issue Date), the Trust Deed) between Repsol 
International Finance B.V. in its capacity as an issuer, Repsol Europe Finance in its capacity as an issuer, 
the Guarantor, and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall include all 
persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as 
defined below). References in these terms and conditions (the Conditions) to the Issuer in relation to the 
Notes shall be deemed to be references to the Issuer (being either Repsol International Finance B.V. or 
Repsol Europe Finance) as so specified in the relevant Final Terms. These Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of the Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons referred to below. The Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as 
amended and/or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the Agency Agreement) dated 7 May 2021 has been 
entered into in relation to the Notes between Repsol International Finance B.V. in its capacity as an issuer, 
Repsol Europe Finance in its capacity as an issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, 
the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively 
as the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression shall include the Issuing and 
Paying Agent), and the Calculation Agent(s). Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are 
available (i) electronically upon request made to the Issuing and Paying Agent or (ii) for inspection during 
usual business hours at the principal office of the Trustee (presently at Agency & Trust, 14th Floor, 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB) and at the specified offices of the 
Paying Agents. 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the Coupons) relating to interest bearing Notes and, 
where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the Talons) (the Couponholders) 
and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the Receipts) relating to Notes 
of which the principal is payable in instalments are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed 
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those provisions 
applicable to them of the Agency Agreement and the relevant Final Terms.  
1 
Form, Specified Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued by the Issuer in bearer form (Notes) in each case in the Specified 
Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final Terms, provided that in the case of any Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered 
to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination 
shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of those Notes). 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another denomination.

--- Page 88 ---
Page 85
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Instalment Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and 
the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradable only in (a) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), 
the authorised denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral 
multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) thereafter, or (b) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
and integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) in excess thereof, the 
minimum authorised denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and higher 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), notwithstanding that no 
definitive notes will be issued with a denomination above €199,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency). 
Notes are serially numbered in the Specified Currency and are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to 
interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached.  
Title to the Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. The holder (as 
defined below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall (except as otherwise required by law) 
be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on it or its 
theft or loss) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.  
In these Conditions, Noteholder means the bearer of any Note and the Receipts relating to it, 
holder (in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
Guarantee and Status 
(a) 
Guarantee: The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due 
payment of all sums expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Trust Deed, the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons. Its obligations in that respect (the Guarantee) are contained in the 
Trust Deed.  
(b) 
Status: The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to 
Condition 3) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times 
rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them and of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by the 
laws of bankruptcy and other laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to 
Condition 3, at all times rank at least equally with all their respective other present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations.

--- Page 89 ---
Page 86
3 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons remain outstanding (as defined in the Trust 
Deed), each of the Issuer and the Guarantor undertakes that it will not create or have outstanding 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest (each a Security Interest) upon the 
whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital), present or 
future, in order to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) or to secure any guarantee 
of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness unless (a) all amounts payable by the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor under the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Trust Deed are 
equally and rateably secured therewith by such Security Interest to the satisfaction of the Trustee or 
(b) such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a 
Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee shall in its absolute discretion deem not 
materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (B) as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders. 
In these Conditions, Relevant Indebtedness means any obligation in respect of present or future 
indebtedness in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, debentures, notes or other 
securities which are, or are intended to be (with the consent of the issuer thereof), quoted, listed, 
dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter market other than such indebtedness 
which by its terms will mature within a period of one year from its date of issue. 
4 
Sustainability-Linked Notes 
If the Sustainability-Linked Notes Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable to the Notes (the SLNs), the Issuer or the Guarantor will cause: 
(a) 
the CII and the CII Percentage in respect of each financial year, as well as an assurance 
report issued by the Assurance Provider (the Assurance Report) in respect of and verifying 
such CII and CII Percentage, to be published on the Guarantor’s website no later than the 
date falling six months after the last day of the relevant financial year, beginning with (and 
including) the financial year in which the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the SLNs falls 
and ending with (and including) the CII Reference Year or, in the event the relevant Final 
Terms specify more than one SPT, the last CII Reference Year; and 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Trigger Event Notice to be notified to the 
Paying Agent(s), the Calculation Agent, the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 16, 
the Noteholders by no later than the relevant Trigger Event Notification Deadline. 
None of the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent (if any) shall be obliged to monitor 
or inquire as to whether a Trigger Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof and the 
Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
pursuant to this Condition 4 without further enquiry or liability. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Assurance Provider means such qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services 
appointed by the Guarantor from time to time; 
Baseline means a CII of 77.7 (being the CII for the financial year 2016);

--- Page 90 ---
Page 87
CII means the Group’s carbon intensity indicator measuring carbon dioxide equivalent emissions 
for every unit of energy that the Group makes available to society, measured in grams of carbon 
dioxide equivalent per megajoule (g CO2e/MJ) and calculated in good faith by the Guarantor and 
provided that for the purposes of calculating the CII for each CII Reference Year, and after 
consultation with the Assurance Provider, the Guarantor may exclude the impact of any material 
amendment to, or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies relating 
to the business of the Group, which occurs between the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the SLNs 
and the last day of the relevant CII Reference Year;  
CII Condition means that the CII for the relevant CII Reference Year, as set out in the Assurance 
Report in respect of such CII Reference Year, does not exceed the CII Target for such CII Reference 
Year;  
CII Percentage in respect of a financial year means the reduction between the Baseline and the CII 
for such financial year, expressed as a percentage, and calculated in good faith by the Guarantor; 
CII Percentage Target means, in respect of the relevant CII Reference Year, the percentage 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
CII Reference Year means the financial year(s) of the Group specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the CII Reference Year(s); 
CII Target means the CII targeted by the Group for the relevant CII Reference Year and specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being the CII Target for such CII Reference Year and which results 
from applying a percentage decrease equal to the CII Percentage Target in respect of such CII 
Reference Year to the Baseline, save that in the event of an issue of Subsequent SLNs, the CII 
Target for the relevant CII Reference Year shall be deemed to mean the Subsequent SLNs CII 
Target in respect of such CII Reference Year; 
Group means the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries from time to time; 
Redemption Premium Option has the meaning given in Condition 6(c);  
SPT means the sustainability performance target(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as SPT 
1, SPT 2 or SPT 3; 
SPT 1 means the CII Target, CII Percentage Target and CII Reference Year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as SPT 1; 
SPT 2 means the CII Target, CII Percentage Target and CII Reference Year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as SPT 2; 
SPT 3 means the CII Target, CII Percentage Target and CII Reference Year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as SPT 3; 
Step Up Option has the meaning given in Condition 5(d); 
Subsequent SLNs means any Series of SLNs issued after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
SLNs (the Initial SLNs) and which specify the same CII Reference Year(s) as the Initial SLNs but 
a higher CII Percentage Target(s) in respect of such CII Reference Year(s) than the Initial SLNs (the 
Subsequent SLNs CII Percentage Target);

--- Page 91 ---
Page 88
Subsequent SLNs CII Target means, in respect of the relevant CII Reference Year, the CII Target 
specified as such under the Subsequent SLNs and resulting from applying a percentage decrease 
equal to the Subsequent SLNs CII Percentage Target for such CII Reference Year to the Baseline; 
a Trigger Event occurs in respect of an SPT if: 
(i) 
the Guarantor fails to satisfy the CII Condition in respect of the relevant CII Reference 
Year; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fail to publish the Assurance Report in respect of the CII and the 
CII Percentage for such CII Reference Year on or before the relevant Trigger Event 
Notification Deadline in accordance with Condition 4(a), 
provided that the Trigger Event shall be deemed to occur in the case of (i), on the date the 
Assurance Report in respect of such CII Reference Year is published on the Guarantor’s website in 
accordance with Condition 4(a), and in the case of (ii), on the first day immediately following the 
relevant Trigger Event Notification Deadline; 
Trigger Event Consequences means the Step Up Option or the Redemption Premium Option, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the SLNs; 
Trigger Event Notice means a notice by the Issuer or the Guarantor setting out (a) that a Trigger 
Event has occurred and (b) an explanation of the Trigger Event Consequences; and 
Trigger Event Notification Deadline means the date falling six months after the last day of the 
relevant CII Reference Year. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations  
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(f).  
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if 
no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or 
other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date.  
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention 
would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day

--- Page 92 ---
Page 89
Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall 
be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it 
not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to any of 
ISDA Determination, Screen Rate Determination or Linear Interpolation shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which:  
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and  
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation 
Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date and Swap 
Transaction have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.  
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 93 ---
Page 90
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at 11.00a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.  
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) above applies and fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each 
case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Issuer shall request the principal Eurozone office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately 11.00a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; and  
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Issuer determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of 
the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to 
the Calculation Agent (at the request of the Issuer) by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered 
at approximately 11.00a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market, or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate at approximately 
11.00a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs (at the request

--- Page 94 ---
Page 91
of the Issuer) the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in 
the Eurozone inter-bank market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).  
(aa) 
where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being SONIA, the foregoing provisions of Condition 5(b)(B) will not 
apply and the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such 
Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the applicable Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
(with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;

--- Page 95 ---
Page 92
ni, for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period means the number of calendar days from and including such 
day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from and including the date 
falling five London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling five London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling five London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable); 
SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, 
in each case (on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day); and 
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period (and published on the following London 
Banking Day). 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA reference 
rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA 
reference rate shall be: 
(a) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on 
which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, 
one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate, each as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day, the 
SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or 
otherwise 
published 
by 
the 
relevant 
authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on

--- Page 96 ---
Page 93
which the SONIA reference rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance 
with Condition 9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, 
for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined 
on such date. 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which 
shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer than the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
Applicable Maturity means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, 
the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due 
and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. 
As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note 
shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as 
described in Condition 6(b)(i)).  
(d) 
Step Up Option: This Condition 5(d) applies to SLNs in respect of which the applicable 
Final Terms indicate that the Step Up Option applies (the Step Up Option). 
For any Interest Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the occurrence of a Trigger Event in respect of a relevant SPT, if any, the Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes)

--- Page 97 ---
Page 94
shall be increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable to such SPT (the Step Up). 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) in the event the relevant Final Terms specify more than one 
SPT, the Step Up shall apply in respect of each Trigger Event that has occurred during the 
term of the SLNs and (ii) the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Margin 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes) will not decrease to the Rate of Interest or Margin 
applicable prior to any such Step Up occurring, regardless of the level of the CII for any 
financial year subsequent to the relevant CII Reference Year. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Step Up Margin means in relation to an SPT the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the Step Up Margin in respect of such SPT. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate 
of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date.  
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding:  
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest 
Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) 
above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the 
absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.  
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due 
and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country or countries (as appropriate) of such 
currency.  
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any 
Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the 
Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for 
such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is

--- Page 98 ---
Page 95
applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal 
such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of 
any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall 
apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required 
to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Change of Control Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: The Calculation 
Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other time 
on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Change of Control Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Change of Control 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any 
Instalment Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a 
further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such 
exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to 
such time, in the case of notification to such exchange or other relevant authority of a Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment 
Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable 
under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the 
Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition 5(h) but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any 
rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties.

--- Page 99 ---
Page 96
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below:  
Business Day means:  
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency and/or  
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a TARGET 
Business Day) and/or  
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is 
indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual 
Period, the Calculation Period):  
(i) 
if Actual/Actual, Actual/Actual (ISDA), Act/Act or Act/Act (ISDA) is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) or Act/Act (ICMA) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, a fraction equal to “number of days accrued/number of days in year”, as such 
terms are used in Rule 251 of the statutes, by-laws, rules and recommendations of 
the International Capital Markets Association (the ICMA Rule Book), calculated in 
accordance with Rule 251 of the ICMA Rule Book as applied to non-U.S. dollar 
denominated straight and convertible bonds issued after 31 December 1998, as 
though the interest coupon on a bond were being calculated for a coupon period 
corresponding to the Calculation Period; 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed) or A/365F is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if Actual/360, Act/360 or A/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360;

--- Page 100 ---
Page 97
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 101 ---
Page 98
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
Eurozone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended from time to time.  
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.  
Interest Amount means (i) in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and, in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes, the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest 
Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and (ii) in respect of any other 
period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 102 ---
Page 99
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither 
Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro.  
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.  
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as at the issue date 
of the first Tranche (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the relevant Series of Notes, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this 
Note and that is specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions.  
Reference Banks means the principal Eurozone office of four major banks in the 
Eurozone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Reference Rate means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Date means whichever is the later of: 
(i) 
the date on which payment first becomes due and 
(ii) 
if the full amount payable has not been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent or 
the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which the full amount having 
been so received, notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders.  
Any reference in these Conditions to principal and/or interest shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under these Conditions or any undertaking 
given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  
TARGET System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System, which was launched on 19 November 
2007, or any successor thereto.

--- Page 103 ---
Page 100
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long 
as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation 
Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under 
the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period 
or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Change of Control Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the 
Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment 
banking firm engaged in the interbank market that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such 
in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid.  
(k) 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 5(k)(ii) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(k)(iii)). In making such 
determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(k) 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(k).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(k) prior to the date which is 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate 
of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment 
Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest

--- Page 104 ---
Page 101
Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest 
Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(k)(i).  
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 5(k)); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(k)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines that 
an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the Independent Adviser, following 
consultation with the Issuer, shall determine the quantum of, or the formula or 
methodology for determining, the Adjustment Spread and such Adjustment Spread 
shall then be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(k) and the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed/Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) 
and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(k)(v), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Trust 
Deed/Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(k)(v), the Trustee shall 
(at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval

--- Page 105 ---
Page 102
of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to 
concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities 
or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these 
Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental trust deed) in any way.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(k), the Calculation Agent 
or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent 
Adviser in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this 
Condition 5(k) to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it 
or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend 
the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying 
Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(k)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(k) will be notified 
at least 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the 
Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents. In accordance with 
Condition 16, notice shall be provided to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
5(k); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence 
thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the

--- Page 106 ---
Page 103
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and 
without prejudice to the Trustee or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(k), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(k), the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent 
in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent 
is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due 
to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and 
(in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so.  
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(k)(i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5(b)(iii) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(k): 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser determines, following consultation with the Issuer, is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if 
the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied)

--- Page 107 ---
Page 104
(c) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(k)(ii) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in 
the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(k)(iv). 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
five (5) Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be 
deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or  
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as 
the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate 
will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) 
representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the

--- Page 108 ---
Page 105
relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public 
statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and 
promptly notified to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For 
the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying 
Agents shall have any responsibility for making such determination.  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by 
the Issuer under Condition 5(k)(i). 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or, in each case any 
component thereof), as applicable. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(d) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(e) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options  
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption:  
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, as provided in this 
Condition 6, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts 
shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of 
each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment 
Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such 
Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, 
unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating 
to such Instalment Amount.

--- Page 109 ---
Page 106
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, as provided below, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms at its Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of a Note falling within sub-
paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, the Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to a formula, 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(d)(c) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount 
of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in 
the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted 
back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.  
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(d) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date 
on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity 
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c).  
Where such calculation is to be a made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms.  
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other 
than Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 6(d) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, 
shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
(c) 
Redemption Premium Option: This Condition 6(c) applies to SLNs in respect of which 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Redemption Premium Option applies (the

--- Page 110 ---
Page 107
Redemption Premium Option). In the event that a Trigger Event occurs in respect of a 
relevant SPT, then, upon redemption of such SLNs in accordance with these Conditions, 
each such SLN shall be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount, Change of Control 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or final 
Instalment Amount, as applicable, plus, in each case, the Redemption Premium Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable to such SPT and any references to the 
Final Redemption Amount, Change of Control Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or final Instalment Amount in these Conditions 
shall be construed accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the relevant Final 
Terms specify more than one SPT, then the applicable Redemption Premium Amount shall 
be payable in respect of each Trigger Event that has occurred during the term of such SLNs. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes (other than Notes in respect of which the 
Issuer shall have given a notice of redemption pursuant to Conditions 6(e), 6(f), 6(g) or 6 
(h) or in respect of which a Noteholder shall have exercised its option under Condition 6(i) 
in each case prior to any notice being given under this Condition 6(d)) may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note 
is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) 
(together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies the 
Trustee immediately prior to the giving of such notice that it or (if the Guarantee were 
called) the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of (a) (in the case of Notes issued by Repsol International Finance B.V.) the 
Netherlands or (in the case of a payment to be made by the Guarantor) the Kingdom of 
Spain, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, or (b) (in the case of 
Notes issued by Repsol Europe Finance) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or (in the case of 
a payment to be made by the Guarantor) the Kingdom of Spain, or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided 
that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the 
case may be) then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the 
Issuer (or two authorised officers of the Guarantor, as the case may be) stating that the 
obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it and the Trustee shall be entitled to 
accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent 
set out in (ii) above in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on Noteholders and 
Couponholders.

--- Page 111 ---
Page 108
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such 
redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a principal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn up in such 
place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
requirements. 
(f) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Residual Maturity Call 
Option Redemption Date)), redeem all (but not only some) of the Notes at their principal 
amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no 
earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity 
of not more than ten years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes 
having a maturity of more than ten years. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the 
maturity of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(g) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event is 
specified in the Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes in whole, but 
not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal 
amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 112 ---
Page 109
For the purposes of this Condition, a Substantial Purchase Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if at least 80 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes originally 
issued (which for these purposes shall include any further Notes issued subsequently) is 
purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor (and in each case 
is cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(k)); 
(h) 
Make-Whole Redemption: If a Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 redeem the Notes, in whole or in 
part, at any time or from time to time prior to (but no later than the Residual Maturity Call 
Option Redemption Date, if applicable) their Maturity Date (the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as defined below). In the case of SLNs, 
the Issuer may not redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(h) during the 
period(s) commencing on (and including) the first day immediately following the relevant 
CII Reference Year and ending on (and including) the earlier to occur of (i) the date the 
Assurance Report in respect of such CII Reference Year is published on the Guarantor’s 
website in accordance with Condition 4(a), and (ii) the first day immediately following the 
relevant Trigger Event Notification Deadline. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn up in such 
place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
requirements. 
For the purposes of this Condition, Make-Whole Redemption Amount means in respect of 
any Notes to be redeemed an amount, calculated by, at the election of the Issuer, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank appointed by the 
Issuer for the purposes of calculating the relevant Make-Whole redemption amount, and 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, equal to the greater of (x) 100 
per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then 
present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes 
(not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual 
basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate (specified in the relevant Final Terms) plus a 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin (specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case 
of (x) and (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date. 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, 
upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 113 ---
Page 110
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent, together with a 
duly completed option exercise notice (Exercise Notice) in the form obtainable from any 
Paying Agent, within the notice period. No Note so deposited and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
(j) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control: If a Change of 
Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a 
Change of Control (as defined below) occurs and, during the Change of Control Period, a 
Rating Downgrade occurs (together, a Put Event), the holder of any such Note will have 
the option (the Change of Control Put Option) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of such Notes on the Optional Redemption Date at 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount. 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or 
persons acting in concert (Relevant Persons) or any person or persons acting on behalf of 
such Relevant Persons, acquire(s) control, directly or indirectly, of the Guarantor. 
control means: (a) the acquisition or control of more than 50% of the voting rights of the 
issued share capital of the Guarantor; or (b) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the 
majority of the members of the Guarantor’s Board of Directors or other governing body, 
whether obtained directly or indirectly, whether obtained by ownership of share capital, the 
possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise.  
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the date on which the 
relevant Change of Control occurs or the date of the first relevant Potential Change of 
Control Announcement, whichever is the earlier, and ending on the date which is 90 days 
after the date of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control. 
Change of Control Redemption Amount means an amount equal to par plus interest 
accrued to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date.  
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer or any actual or bona fide potential bidder relating to any potential 
Change of Control. 
Rating Agency means any of the following: (a) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(S&P); (b) Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s); (c) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(Fitch Ratings); or (d) any other credit rating agency of equivalent international standing 
specified from time to time by the Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or 
affiliates. 
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control 
if, within the Change of Control Period, the rating previously assigned to the Guarantor is 
lowered by at least two full rating notches (by way of example, BB+ to BB-, in the case of 
S&P) (a downgrade) or withdrawn, in each case, by the requisite number of Rating 
Agencies (as defined above), and is not, within the Change of Control Period, subsequently 
upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) to its

--- Page 114 ---
Page 111
earlier credit rating or better, such that there is no longer a downgrade or withdrawal by the 
requisite number of Rating Agencies. For these purposes, the requisite number of Rating 
Agencies shall mean (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, at the time of the rating downgrade 
or withdrawal, three or more Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the Guarantor, 
or (ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at the time of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, 
fewer than three Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the Guarantor. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of a particular Change of Control if (a) following such a downgrade, the Guarantor 
is still assigned an Investment Grade Rating by one or more of the Rating Agencies 
effecting the downgrade, or (b) the Rating Agencies lowering or withdrawing their rating do 
not publicly announce or otherwise confirm in writing to the Issuer that such reduction or 
withdrawal was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in, or 
arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. 
Investment Grade Rating means: (1) with respect to S&P, any of the categories from and 
including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (2) with respect 
to Moody’s, any of the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 (or 
equivalent successor categories); (3) with respect to Fitch Ratings, any of the categories 
from and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); and 
(4) with respect to any other credit rating agency of equivalent international standing 
specified from time to time by the Issuer, a rating that is equivalent to, or better than, the 
foregoing. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall 
give notice (Put Event Notice) to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 specifying the nature of the Put Event and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put 
Option, as well as the date upon which the Put Period (as defined below) will end and the 
Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of such Note under this section, the holder of such Note must transfer or cause to 
be transferred its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Agent 
specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer within the period (Put 
Period) of 45 days after the Put Event Notice is given together with a duly signed and 
completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Option Notice) and in which the holder may 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this section.  
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of the relevant 
Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as 
provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above on the Optional Redemption 
Date which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. Payment in respect of any Note so 
transferred will be made in the relevant Specified Currency to the holder to the relevant 
Specified Currency denominated bank account in the Put Option Notice on the Optional 
Redemption Date via the relevant account holders.

--- Page 115 ---
Page 112
(k) 
Purchases: The Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Subsidiary may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price (provided that they are purchased 
together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating to 
them). The Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any other Subsidiary, shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders 
and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at 
meetings of the Noteholders or for the purposes of Conditions 9, 12(a) and 13. 
In these Conditions, Subsidiary means any entity of which the Guarantor has control and 
“control” for the purpose of this definition means the beneficial ownership whether direct or 
indirect of the majority of the issued share capital or the right to direct the management and 
policies of such entity, whether by the ownership of share capital, contract or otherwise. A 
certificate executed by any two authorised officers of the Guarantor listing the entities that 
are Subsidiaries at any time shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased (other than, at the discretion of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any other Subsidiary, as applicable, those purchased pursuant to 
Condition 6(k) above) and any unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged 
Talons attached to or surrendered with them will be surrendered for cancellation by 
surrendering to the Issuing and Paying Agent and may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Payments of Principal and Interest: Payments of principal and interest shall be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt 
is presented for payment together with its relative Note) (or in the case of partial payment, 
endorsement thereof), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case 
of interest, as specified in Condition 7(e)(iv)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 7(e)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, 
at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a 
bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in 
which banks have access to the TARGET System.  
(b) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the 
Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
and its possessions with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and 
(iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.

--- Page 116 ---
Page 113
(c) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable 
fiscal or other laws and regulations (including all laws and regulations to which the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or their Agents agree to be subject) but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.  
(d) 
Appointment of Agents: The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor and their respective 
specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time with the prior 
written approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional 
or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and 
Paying Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) 
Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities (including 
Luxembourg) so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and (iv) 
such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the 
Notes may be listed in each case, as approved by the Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New 
York City in respect of any Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances 
described in paragraph (b) above.  
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders.  
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons:  
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, they 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of 
principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Change of Control Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 10).  
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note comprising Floating Rate Notes, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 117 ---
Page 114
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon.  
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due 
date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them.  
(v) 
Where any Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption 
without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against 
the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.  
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest accrued on a Note that 
only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such 
Note against presentation of the relevant Note.  
(f) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a 
Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Paying Agents in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding 
any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10).  
(g) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is 
not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, business day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in 
such jurisdictions as shall be specified as Financial Centre(s) in the relevant Final Terms 
and:  
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on 
which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or  
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.

--- Page 118 ---
Page 115
8 
Taxation 
Where the Issuer is Repsol International Finance B.V. 
The provisions of the following paragraphs of this Condition 8 shall only apply where the 
Issuer is Repsol International Finance B.V. 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of 
the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons or under the Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
(collectively, Taxes) of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
within the Netherlands, or the Kingdom of Spain or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax, (each a Taxing Authority) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts 
(Additional Amounts) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Noteholders and Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of Taxes shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been received in respect of the Notes 
or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction of Taxes; except 
that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of a Note, 
Receipt or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the Guarantee: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Note, Receipt 
or Coupon who is liable for Taxes in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of 
his having some connection with the Netherlands or the Kingdom of Spain other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the relevant holder or the beneficial owner thereof would have been entitled to such 
Additional Amounts on presenting the same for payment on the thirtieth such day;  
(c) 
in relation to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or similar Taxes; 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Note, Receipt 
or Coupon who could fully or partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes by 
complying with the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s request addressed to the holder or the 
beneficial owner to provide a valid certificate of tax residence duly issued by the tax 
authorities of the country of tax residence of the holder or the beneficial owner of any Note 
or Coupon confirming that the holder or the beneficial owner is (i) resident for tax purposes 
in a Member State of the European Union (other than Spain), or in a member state of the 
European Economic Area (other than Spain) with which there is an effective exchange of 
tax information with Spain and not considered a tax haven pursuant to Spanish law; or (ii) 
resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction with which Spain has entered into a tax treaty to 
avoid double taxation, which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed in Spain 
on interest and within the meaning of the referred tax treaty; 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Note, Receipt 
or Coupon who could fully or partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes by 
providing to the Issuer or the Guarantor or an Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor the information concerning such Noteholder as may be required in order to

--- Page 119 ---
Page 116
comply with the procedures for the application of any exemption for Taxes by the relevant 
tax authority; 
(f) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Spain, or the Netherlands; 
(g) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); 
(h) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the regulations 
thereunder and official interpretations thereof, agreements entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted 
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such Sections of the Code (collectively, FATCA); or 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union.  
In addition, Additional Amounts will not be payable with respect to (i) any Taxes that are imposed 
in respect of any combination of the items set forth above and to (ii) any holder who is a fiduciary, a 
partnership, a limited liability company or other than the sole beneficial owner of that payment, to 
the extent that payment would be required by the laws of the relevant Taxing Authority to be 
included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a 
member of that partnership, an interest holder in that limited liability company or a beneficial 
owner who would not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had it been the holder. 
Where the Issuer is Repsol Europe Finance 
The provisions of the following paragraphs of this Condition 8 shall only apply where the 
Issuer is Repsol Europe Finance 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of 
the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons or under the Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
(collectively, Taxes) of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
within the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Kingdom of Spain or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, (each a Taxing Authority) unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law.  
In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts 
(Additional Amounts) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Noteholders and Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of Taxes shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been received in respect of the Notes 
or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction of Taxes; except 
that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of a Note, 
Receipt or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the Guarantee: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Note, Receipt 
or Coupon who is liable for Taxes in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of

--- Page 120 ---
Page 117
his having some connection with the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Kingdom of Spain 
other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the relevant holder or the beneficial owner thereof would have been entitled to such 
Additional Amounts on presenting the same for payment on the thirtieth such day;  
(c) 
in relation to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or similar Taxes; 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Note, Receipt 
or Coupon who could fully or partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes by 
complying with the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s request addressed to the holder or the 
beneficial owner to provide a valid certificate of tax residence duly issued by the tax 
authorities of the country of tax residence of the holder or the beneficial owner of any Note 
or Coupon confirming that the holder or the beneficial owner is (i) resident for tax purposes 
in a Member State of the European Union (other than Spain), or in a member state of the 
European Economic Area (other than Spain) with which there is an effective exchange of 
tax information with Spain and not considered a tax haven pursuant to Spanish law; or (ii) 
resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction with which Spain has entered into a tax treaty to 
avoid double taxation, which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed in Spain 
on interest and within the meaning of the referred tax treaty; 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Note, Receipt 
or Coupon who could fully or partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes by 
providing to the Issuer or the Guarantor or an Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor the information concerning such Noteholder as may be required in order to 
comply with the procedures for the application of any exemption for Taxes by the relevant 
tax authority; 
(f) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Spain or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; 
(g) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the amended 
Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 (so-called Relibi Law); 
(h) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the regulations 
thereunder and official interpretations thereof, agreements entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted 
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such Sections of the Code (collectively, FATCA); or 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union.  
In addition, Additional Amounts will not be payable with respect to (i) any Taxes that are imposed 
in respect of any combination of the items set forth above and to (ii) any holder who is a fiduciary, a 
partnership, a limited liability company or other than the sole beneficial owner of that payment, to 
the extent that payment would be required by the laws of the relevant Taxing Authority to be 
included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a

--- Page 121 ---
Page 118
member of that partnership, an interest holder in that limited liability company or a beneficial 
owner who would not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had it been the holder. 
9 
Events of Default  
If any of the following events (each an Event of Default) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at 
its discretion may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, subject to its being indemnified to its satisfaction, 
give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest:  
(a) 
Non-Payment: The Issuer fails to pay any interest on any of the Notes when due and such 
failure continues for a period of 14 days; or  
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: The Issuer or the Guarantor does not perform or comply 
with any one or more of its other obligations in the Notes or the Trust Deed, which default 
is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the 
opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been 
given to the Issuer or the Guarantor by the Trustee; or  
(c) 
Cross-Default: 
(i) 
any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes due and payable 
prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of 
default or the like (howsoever described); or  
(ii) 
any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor is not paid when due or, as 
the case may be, within any applicable grace period; or  
(iii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any Relevant 
Indebtedness of any other person, 
provided that the aggregate of all such amounts which have become due and payable, as 
described in (c)(i) above, and/or have not been paid when due, as described in (c)(ii) 
and/or (c)(iii) above (as the case may be), equals or exceeds the greater of an amount 
equal to 0.25% of Total Shareholders’ Equity and U.S.$50,000,000 or its equivalent (as 
reasonably determined by the Trustee); or  
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: A distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is 
levied, enforced or sued out on or against the whole or any substantial part of the property, 
assets or revenues of the Issuer or the Guarantor and is not discharged or stayed within 30 
days; or  
(e) 
Security Enforced: Any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or 
future, created or assumed by the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes enforceable against the 
whole or any substantial part of the assets or undertaking of the Issuer or the Guarantor and 
any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a 
receiver, manager or other similar person); or

--- Page 122 ---
Page 119
(f) 
Insolvency: The Issuer or the Guarantor is insolvent or bankrupt, stops, suspends or 
threatens to stop or suspend payment of all of its debts, proposes or makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant 
creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of 
or affecting all or substantially all of the debts of the Issuer or the Guarantor; or  
(g) 
Winding-up: An order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except for the 
purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation on terms approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders; or  
(h) 
Illegality: It is unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with any one 
or more of its obligations under any of the Notes or the Trust Deed; or  
(i) 
Analogous Events: Any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has 
an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs; or  
(j) 
Guarantee: The Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and 
effect, provided that in the case of an event falling within paragraphs (b) to (e) or (h) to (j) 
the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion such event is materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders.  
For the purposes of this Condition:  
Total Shareholders’ Equity means the total shareholders’ equity of the Guarantor, as shown in the 
then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Guarantor.  
10 
Prescription  
Claims in respect of principal and interest will become void unless presentation for payment is 
made as required by Condition 7 within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years 
(in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date.  
11 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons  
If any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in London or at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer 
and the Guarantor may require (provided that the requirement is reasonable in the light of 
prevailing market practice). Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued.  
12 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution  
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders (which may be physical or virtual meetings, including meetings held by 
conference call or on a videoconference platform) to consider matters affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of

--- Page 123 ---
Page 120
these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by 
Noteholders holding not less than 10% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution 
will be one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one person being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, 
unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
modify the maturity of the Notes, or the dates on which interest is payable in respect of the 
Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or interest on, the Notes, (iii) to 
change the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons, (iv) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to 
pass an Extraordinary Resolution, or (v) to modify or cancel the Guarantee, in which case 
the necessary quorum shall be one person holding or representing not less than 75%, or at 
any adjourned meeting not less than 25%, in principal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on 
Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was 
passed) and on all Couponholders. The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing 
may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by 
or on behalf of one of more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed which 
in the opinion of the Trustee is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and 
any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of 
the Trust Deed which is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be 
binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable.  
(c) 
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to 
such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, 
but without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of 
certain other entities in place of the Issuer or Guarantor, or of any previous substituted 
company, as principal debtor or Guarantor under the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts, 
the Coupons and the Talons), provided that such substitution would not in the opinion of the 
Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and subject to such 
further conditions as set out in the Trust Deed. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee 
may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the 
law governing the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed 
provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 124 ---
Page 121
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee: In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but 
not limited to those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the 
interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such 
exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled 
to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or 
the Guarantor any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any 
such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders.  
13 
Enforcement  
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor as it may think fit 
to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, but it need not take 
any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so 
requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified to its satisfaction. No Noteholder, holder of 
Receipts or Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor unless the 
Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such 
failure is continuing.  
14 
Indemnification of the Trustee  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and any other Subsidiary and any entity related to the Issuer or the Guarantor or any 
other Subsidiary without accounting for any profit.  
15 
Further Issues  
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue 
shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of any series 
(including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. 
References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any 
other securities issued pursuant to this Condition 15 and forming a single series with the Notes. Any 
further securities forming a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the 
Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and any other securities 
may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed. The 
Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders 
of securities of other series where the Trustee so decides.  
16 
Notices  
Notices to Noteholders will be valid if published in a leading newspaper having general circulation 
in the United Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and (so long as the Notes are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that Stock Exchange so require), 
published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger

--- Page 125 ---
Page 122
Wort) or, if in the opinion of the Trustee such publication shall not be practicable, in an English 
language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the 
first date on which publication is made.  
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition.  
17 
The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999  
The Notes confer no rights on any person pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999 to enforce any term of the Notes, but this does not affect right or remedy of the third party 
which exists or is available apart from that Act.  
18 
Governing Law  
(a) 
Governing Law: The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. For the avoidance of doubt, articles 
470-1 to 470-19 of Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as 
amended from time to time, shall not apply. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons or the Guarantee and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons or the Guarantee 
(Proceedings) may be brought in such courts. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has in 
the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts.  
(c) 
Agent for Service of Process: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has irrevocably 
appointed an agent in England to receive service of process in any Proceedings in England 
based on any of the Trust Deed, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons or the Guarantee.

--- Page 126 ---
Page 123
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the relevant clearing 
systems will be notified whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility and, if so, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to the Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes with the Common Safekeeper does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any and all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes that are issued in CGN form may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the Clearing Systems) will credit each subscriber with a nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global 
Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records of both Clearing Systems. The records of such Clearing 
Systems shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note 
and, for these purposes, a statement issued by a Clearing System stating the nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
Clearing System at the relevant time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) be credited to the accounts of subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.  
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems  
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the 
relevant Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global 
Notes, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly 
against the relevant Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes or so long as the Notes are represented 
by such Global Note and such obligations of the relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer 
of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  
Exchange 
Temporary Global Notes  
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date:  
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General 
Description of the Programme—Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the 
Definitive Notes (as defined and described below); and

--- Page 127 ---
Page 124
(ii) otherwise, in whole or in part, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.  
In relation to any issue of Notes which are expressed to be Temporary Global Notes exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in accordance with options (i) and (ii) above, such Notes shall be tradable only in 
principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination. 
Permanent Global Notes  
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in part, for 
Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other clearing system (an Alternative Clearing System) and any such clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or  
(ii) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, 
in each case by the holder giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent of its election for such exchange. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes  
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that clearing 
system permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions for 
Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may surrender such 
Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent. 
In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the relevant Issuer will (i) in the case 
of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a 
Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or 
procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate 
nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or (iii) if the Global Note is an NGN, 
procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant Clearing System.  
In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Notes means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Notes for 
which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and 
Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Global Note 
and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On 
exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the relevant Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure 
that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.

--- Page 128 ---
Page 125
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days 
after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or, in the 
case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due, 30 days after that on which the notice 
requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified 
office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located.  
Amendment to Conditions  
The Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes contain provisions that apply to the Notes that 
they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this 
Base Prospectus. The following is an overview of some of those provisions:  
Payments  
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on 
any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be 
made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be 
made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the 
Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other 
Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, 
a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima 
facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is an NGN, the 
relevant Issuer shall procure that details of such payment be entered pro rata on the records of the relevant 
Clearing System and, in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the 
records of the relevant Clearing System and represented by the Global Note will be reduced accordingly. 
Payment under the NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the relevant 
Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant 
Clearing System shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a 
Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “Business Day” set 
out in Condition 7(g) (“Non-Business Days”). 
Prescription  
Claims in respect of principal and interest will become void unless presentation for payment is made, as 
required by Condition 7, within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of 
interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date as defined in Condition 8.  
Meetings 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note shall (unless such Permanent Global Note represents only one 
Note) be treated as being one person for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a Permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one 
vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes.  
Cancellation  
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant Permanent Global Note.

--- Page 129 ---
Page 126
Purchase  
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Subsidiary may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise at any price (provided that they are purchased together with all unmatured Coupons 
relating to them). Any purchase by tender shall be made available to all Noteholders alike. The Notes so 
purchased, while held by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any other Subsidiary, shall 
not entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding 
for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of Noteholders or for the purposes of Conditions 9, 
12(a) and 13.  
Issuer’s Option  
Any option of the relevant Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the relevant Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a 
partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any 
option of the relevant Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights 
of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard 
procedures of such clearing system (to be reflected in the records of such clearing system as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion).  
Noteholders’ Options  
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the Permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a 
Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying 
Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of 
which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the 
option is exercised and at the same time, where the Permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the 
Permanent Global Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is an NGN, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant Clearing System and the 
nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
NGN Nominal Amount 
Where the Global Note is an NGN, the relevant Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation or exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be entered in 
the records of the relevant clearing systems and, upon such entry being made, in respect of payments of 
principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
Trustee’s Powers  
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Trust Deed, in considering the interests of Noteholders while 
any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any information 
provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) 
of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note and may consider such interests, and treat such 
accountholders, as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note.  
Notices  
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing 
system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that

--- Page 130 ---
Page 127
clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as 
required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note, except that 
so long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that 
exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort).  
Specified Denominations 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and the 
relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradeable as follows: (a) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), in the 
authorised denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral multiples of 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) thereafter, or (b) if the Specified Denomination stated in 
the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral multiples of €1,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency) in excess thereof, in the minimum authorised denomination of 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and higher integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency), notwithstanding that no definitive notes will be issued with a denomination above 
€199,000 (or its equivalent in another currency).

--- Page 131 ---
Page 128
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of the Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of 
non-applicable provisions and the completion of applicable provisions: 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the

--- Page 132 ---
Page 129
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 
of Singapore) (the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[“capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and [“Excluded Investment Products”]/[“Specified Investment 
Products”] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE/REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V.] 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [222100TAWUOMRM7NNG09/5493002YCY6HTK0OUR29] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title and Type of Notes] 
Guaranteed by Repsol, S.A. 
under the Euro 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 7 May 2021 [and the Supplement dated [●] to the Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on http://www.repsol.com/es_en/corporacion/accionistas-
inversores/informacion-financiera/financiacion/repsol-international-finance/programa-emision-
continua.aspx and is available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.bourse.lu. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [25 October 2012 / 30 May 2014 / 22 September 2015 / 
26 September 2016 / 4 April 2019 / 3 April 2020] which are incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus dated 7 May 2021 and are attached hereto. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the 
Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021 [and 
the Supplement dated [•] to the Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021 which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the base prospectus dated [25 October 2012 / 30 May 2014 / 22 September 2015 / 
 
1 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 133 ---
Page 130
26 September 2016 / 4 April 2019 / 3 April 2020]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus dated 7 May 2021 [and the Supplement dated [•] to the Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•] [has/have] been published on 
http://www.repsol.com/es_en/corporacion/accionistas-inversores/informacion-
financiera/financiacion/repsol-international-finance/programa-emision-continua.aspx and [is/are] available 
for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable should be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
1. 
(a)         Series Number: 
[●] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(c) 
Date on which Notes become 
fungible: 
[The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single series 
and be interchangeable with the [insert issue amount / 
insert interest rate] Notes due [insert maturity date] on 
[insert 
date]/[the 
Issue 
Date]/[exchange 
of 
the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 21 below 
[which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]]]/[N/A] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●] 
5. 
(a)          Specified Denomination: 
€[●] and integral multiples of €[●] in excess thereof up 
to and including €[●]. No Notes in definitive form will 
be issued with a denomination above €[●] 
(b)           Calculation Amount 
[●] 
6. 
(a)           Issue Date: 
[●] 
(b)           Interest Commencement Date 
[●]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●]  
8. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 134 ---
Page 131
(a) 
Step Up Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(See paragraph 17 below) 
(b) 
Redemption Premium Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(See paragraphs 24, 25, 26 and 31 below) 
(c) 
(i)  SPT 1: 
      CII Target: 
 
[●] 
      CII Percentage Target:  
[●]% 
      CII Reference Year: 
[●] 
(ii)  SPT 2: 
       CII Target: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
        CII Percentage Target:  
[●]%/[Not Applicable] 
        CII Reference Year: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(iii)  SPT 3: 
        CII Target: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
        CII Percentage Target:  
[●]%/[Not Applicable] 
        CII Reference Year: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] % Fixed Rate] 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR]/[SONIA] +/– [●]% Floating 
Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [●][Insert percentage which shall not be less 
than 100]/[100]% of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [13/14] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [13/14] applies]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 135 ---
Page 132
[Change of Control Put Option/Put Event] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
 
(See paragraph [18/19/20/21/22/23] below) 
13. 
Date approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained:  
  
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% per annum [payable [annually / semi annually / 
quarterly / monthly] in arrear] on each Interest Payment 
Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]/[N/A]  
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Act/Act 
(ICMA) / Actual/365 (fixed) / Act/365 (fixed) / A/365 
(fixed) / A/365F / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(f) 
[Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year]] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (e) below] / [not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (e) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
(b) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
[[●] in each year] [, subject to adjustment in accordance

--- Page 136 ---
Page 133
Dates: 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (d) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (d) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Interest Period Date 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (e) below] / [not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (e) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(d) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
/[N/A] 
(f) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(g) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
(h) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Issuing and Paying 
Agent): 
[[●] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [EURIBOR]/[SONIA] 
- 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(j) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(k) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable — the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first / last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using linear interpolation]] 
(l) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] % per annum  
(m) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] % per annum 
(n) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] % per annum

--- Page 137 ---
Page 134
(o) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Act/Act 
(ICMA) / Actual/365 (fixed) / Act/365 (fixed) / A/365 
(fixed) / A/365F / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
[Amortisation/ Accrual] Yield: 
[●]% per annum 
(b) 
[Reference Price: 
[●]] 
(c) 
[Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Act/Act 
(ICMA) / Actual/365 (fixed) / Act/365 (fixed) / A/365 
(fixed) / A/365F / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
17. 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraph of this paragraph) 
Step Up Margin: 
In respect of SPT 1: [●] % per annum  
[In respect of SPT 2: [●] % per annum]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[In respect of SPT 3: [●] % per annum]/[Not 
Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 138 ---
Page 135
Amount: 
(d) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
20. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] days after expiration of Put Period  
(b) 
Put Period 
[●] 
(c) 
Put Date 
[●] 
21. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
22. 
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
23. 
Make-Whole Redemption 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate: 
[The yield to maturity on the [●] Business Day 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date of the [●] 
due [●] (ISIN: [●])]/[●] 
(b) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[●]% 
24. 
Redemption Premium Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
In respect of SPT 1: €[●] per Calculation Amount  
[In respect of SPT 2: €[●] per Calculation 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
[In respect of SPT 3: €[●] per Calculation 
Amount]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 139 ---
Page 136
25. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount (in the case where the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Option is applicable) [plus 
the relevant Redemption Premium Amount(s) in respect 
of each Trigger Event occurring (see Condition 5)] 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount (in the case where the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Option is applicable) [plus 
the relevant Redemption Premium Amount(s) in respect 
of each Trigger Event occurring (see Condition 5)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on the Exchange Date]  
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]  
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.]  
28. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
29. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
30. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes]/[No] 
31. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(a) Instalment Amount(s): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount (in the case where the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Option is applicable) [plus 
in respect of the final Instalment Amount only, the 
relevant Redemption Premium Amount(s) in respect of 
each Trigger Event occurring (see Condition 5)] 
(b) Instalment Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 140 ---
Page 137
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]/[N/A]. 
Signed on behalf of [Repsol Europe Finance/Repsol International Finance B.V.]: 
By: 
 ...................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of Repsol, S.A.: 
By: 
 ...................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 141 ---
Page 138
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(a) 
Admission to trading: 
Application [has been made] [is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[specify other relevant 
market] with effect from [●] 
 
 
(b) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[[The Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be] rated] /[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]:  
[[●]: [●]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) (Insert one (or more) of the following 
options, as applicable) 
[[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EU 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA 
Regulation). A list of registered credit rating agencies is 
published at the European Securities and Market 
Authority’s website: www.esma.europa.eu. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is established in the EU and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) No. 
513/2011 (the CRA Regulation), although notification 
of the registration decision has not yet been provided. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is established in the EU and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA Regulation). 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency

--- Page 142 ---
Page 139
entity providing rating) is not established in the EU but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [●] 
(insert legal name of credit rating agency), which is 
established in the EU and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) 
No. 513/2011 (the CRA Regulation). A list of 
registered credit rating agencies is published at the 
European Securities and Market Authority's website: 
www.esma.europa.eu. [●] (Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating) 
is not established in the EU but is certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA Regulation). 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is not established in the EU and 
is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the CRA Regulation.] 
 
[[●] (Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has been previously published by the 
rating provider)] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they 
may receive fees.] [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]

--- Page 143 ---
Page 140
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(c) 
FISN: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●], as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN.] 
(d) 
CFI Code: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●], as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN.] 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, 
the 
relevant 
addresses and the identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s) and number(s) and 
address(es)] 
(f) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(h) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●]/[N/A]

--- Page 144 ---
Page 141
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
(b)  
If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) 
(if any) 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(c)  
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(d) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2 / TEFRA C / TEFRA D 
/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 145 ---
Page 142
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
the Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Kingdom of Spain, respectively, in 
connection with the update of the Programme and the guarantee relating to the Programme. The 
update of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the sole shareholder and the Board of 
Managing Directors of RIF, both passed on 21 April 2021 and the accession to the Programme by 
REF was authorised by REF’s board of managers on 21 April 2021. The update of the Programme 
was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor passed on 24 March 2021.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
Save as disclosed in “Description of the Guarantor and the Group—Legal and Arbitration 
Proceedings” on pages 61 to 66 of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which 
the Issuers or the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to 
the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuers or the Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
To the best of the knowledge of REF, there has been no material adverse change in its prospects 
since 31 December 2020 (being the date of the last published audited financial statements) nor has 
there been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of REF since 31 
December 2020. 
4. 
To the best of the knowledge of RIF, there has been no material adverse change in its prospects 
since 31 December 2020 (being the date of the last published audited financial statements) nor has 
there been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of RIF since 31 
December 2020. 
5. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, there has been no material adverse change in its 
prospects since 31 December 2020 (being the date of the last published audited financial statements) 
nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the 
Group since 31 March 2021. 
Legend Concerning U.S. Persons 
6. 
Each Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon having maturity of more than 365 days will bear the 
following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations 
under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
ISIN and Common Code 
7. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
systems. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where 
applicable) the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN), the Classification of Financial Instruments 
Code (CFI Code) and/or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each 
Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 146 ---
Page 143
8. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address 
of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Documents on Display 
9. 
For so long as the Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus are outstanding, or for ten years 
following the approval of this Base Prospectus, whichever falls later, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection on the website of the Guarantor at 
https://www.repsol.com/en/shareholders-and-investors/fixed-income-and-credit-
ratings/rif/index.cshtml:  
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the guarantee relating to the Programme, the form of the 
Global Notes, the definitive Notes, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Articles of Association (Statuten) of RIF and the restated articles of association (statuts 
coordonnés) of REF; 
(iii) 
the by-laws (Estatutos sociales) of the Guarantor; 
(iv) 
the audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial 
statements and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
(prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU) and the audited consolidated financial statements of 
RIF, including the notes to such financial statements and the audit report thereon, for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2019 (prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU) and the 
audited standalone financial statements of REF including the notes to such financial 
statements and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
(prepared in accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the 
preparation and presentation of the financial statements) and the audited standalone financial 
statements of REF, including the notes to such financial statements and the audit report 
thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (prepared in accordance with 
Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation and presentation of 
the financial statements);  
(v) 
the Annual Report 2020 of Repsol, including the audited consolidated annual financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, which were prepared in accordance 
with IFRS-EU, together with the notes to such financial statements and the audit report 
thereon and the Annual Report 2019 of Repsol, including the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of Repsol for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, which were 
prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the notes to such financial statements and 
the audit report thereon; 
(vi) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or any other stock exchange;  
(vii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any Supplement to the Base Prospectus or 
further Base Prospectus; and  
(ix) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuers’ request any part of which is included or 
referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
Auditors

--- Page 147 ---
Page 144
10. The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
(members of the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas), independent auditors of the Group. The 
address of PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is Torre PwC, Paseo de la Castellana 259B, 
28046 Madrid, Spain.  
11. The standalone financial statements of RIF for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 
have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., independent auditors of RIF. The 
auditor signing the independent auditors’ report is a member of the Netherlands Institute of Chartered 
Accountants 
(Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie 
van 
Accountants). 
The 
address 
of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is Fascinatio Boulevard 350, 3065 WB Rotterdam, P.O. 
Box 8800, 3009 AV Rotterdam, The Netherlands. The auditors’ report on the standalone financial 
statements of RIF for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 contains an emphasis of matter 
paragraph drawing attention to the uncertainty related to the effects of the COVID-19 virus. The 
auditors’ opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.  
12. The standalone financial statements of REF for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 
have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, independent auditors of REF. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative is a member of the Luxembourg Institut Des Réviseurs 
d'Entreprises. The address of PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative is 2 rue Gerhard 
Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg.  
Yield 
13. In relation to any tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on 
the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Legal Advisers 
14. Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España de 
Sociedad Profesional has acted as legal adviser to the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English law and 
Spanish law; Linklaters LLP has acted as legal adviser to the Dealers and the Trustee as to English 
law, Dutch tax law and Spanish law; Van Doorne N.V. has acted as legal adviser to RIF as to Dutch 
law (other than Dutch tax law) and Arendt & Medernach SA has acted as legal adviser to REF as to 
Luxembourg law; in each case in relation to the update of the Programme. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
15. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of RIF is 5493002YCY6HTK0OUR29. 
16. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of REF is 222100TAWUOMRM7NNG09. 
17. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is BSYCX13Y0NOTV14V9N85. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
18. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, financing, 
investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with Repsol 
and/or its affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. In addition, in the ordinary course of its business activities, the 
Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for

--- Page 148 ---
Page 145
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of Repsol and/or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or 
their affiliates that have a lending relationship with Repsol and/or its affiliates routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to Repsol and/or its affiliates, as the case may be, consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in Repsol’s securities and/or in its affiliates’ securities, including potentially the 
Notes offered hereby. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the 
Notes offered hereby. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph, the term “affiliates” includes 
parent companies.

--- Page 149 ---
Page 146
REGISTERED OFFICE OF REPSOL EUROPE 
FINANCE 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF REPSOL INTERNATIONAL 
FINANCE B.V. 
14-16, Avenue Pasteur 
L-2310 Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
Koninginnegracht 19  
2514 AB The Hague (the Netherlands) 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR 
Calle Méndez Álvaro 44 
28045 Madrid (Spain) 
 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB (United Kingdom) 
 
LISTING AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION 
AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB (United Kingdom) 
 
 
AUDITORS OF REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE  
AUDITORS OF REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE 
B.V. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société cooperative 
2 rue Gerhard Mercator,  
L-2182 Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.  
Fascinatio Boulevard 350  
3065 WB Rotterdam  
P.O. Box 8800  
3009 AV Rotterdam (the Netherlands) 
 
 
AUDITORS OF THE GUARANTOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Torre PwC 
 Paseo de la Castellana 259B 
28046 Madrid (Spain) 
 
 
ARRANGER 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris (France) 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A  
Ciudad BBVA 
C/Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia – 2nd floor 
28050 Madrid (Spain) 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
C/ Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 11 
Edificio la Magdalena Planta 1 
28027 Madrid (Spain) 
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 (Ireland) 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris (France) 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris (France) 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla 2-4 
46002 Valencia (Spain)

--- Page 150 ---
Page 147
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB (United Kingdom) 
 
 
Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex (France) 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris (France) 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan (Italy) 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH  
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Zuidplein 98  
World Trade Center Tower H Level 11 
1077 XV Amsterdam (the Netherlands) 
Natixis 
BP 4 
75060 Paris Cedex 02 (France) 
 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD (the Netherlands) 
Société Générale 
Immeuble Basalte 
17 Cours Valmy 
92987 Paris La Défense Cedex (France) 
 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS (United Kingdom) 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraβe 12 
81925 Munich (Germany) 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English and Spanish 
law: 
To Repsol International Finance B.V. as to Dutch law (other 
than Dutch tax law): 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte 
Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España de Sociedad 
Profesional 
Torre Europa 
Paseo de la Castellana, 95 
28046 Madrid (Spain) 
Van Doorne N.V. 
Jachthavenweg 121  
1081 KM Amsterdam (the Netherlands) 
 
 
To Repsol Europe Finance as to the laws of Luxembourg 
Arendt & Medernach SA 
41A, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2082 Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg)

--- Page 151 ---
Page 148
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
To the Dealers as to Spanish law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ (United Kingdom) 
Linklaters S.L.P. 
Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid (Spain) 
 
 
To the Dealers as to Dutch tax law: 
Linklaters LLP 
Zuidplein 180  
WTC Amsterdam, Tower H, 22nd Floor 
1077 XV Amsterdam (the Netherlands)