--- Page 1 ---
-i- 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
 
REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE  
(Formerly TE Holding S.à r.l.; a private company with limited liability (société à responsabilité limitée) incorporated under the laws of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and having its statutory seat at 11 rue Aldringen, L-1118 Luxembourg, in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and registered 
with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B149867) 
and 
REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V. 
(A private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands 
and having its statutory seat in The Hague) 
EURO 13,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Guaranteed by  
REPSOL, S.A. 
(A sociedad anónima organised under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain)  
On 5 October 2001, Repsol International Finance B.V. and Repsol, S.A. entered into a euro 5,000,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the Programme) and issued a base prospectus in respect thereof. The maximum amount of the Programme was increased from euro 5,000,000,000 to euro 
10,000,000,000 on 2 February 2007, and from euro 10,000,000,000 to euro 13,000,000,000 on 31 May 2023. Further base prospectuses describing the 
Programme were issued on 21 October 2002, 4 November 2003, 10 November 2004, 2 February 2007, 28 October 2008, 23 October 2009, 25 October 2010, 
27 October 2011, 25 October 2012, 17 October 2013, 30 May 2014, 22 September 2015, 26 September 2016, 30 May 2017, 2 October 2018, 4 April 2019, 3 
April 2020, 7 May 2021, 13 May 2022 and 31 May 2023. On 7 May 2021, Repsol Europe Finance acceded to the Programme as an additional issuer. On the 
date hereof, the Programme has been updated. Any Notes (as defined below) to be issued on or after the date hereof under the Programme are issued subject to 
the provisions set out herein, save that Notes which are to be consolidated and form a single series with Notes issued prior to the date hereof will be issued 
subject to the terms and conditions of the Notes applicable on the date of issue for the first tranche of Notes of such series. Subject as aforesaid, this does not 
affect any Notes issued prior to the date hereof.  
Under the Programme, Repsol Europe Finance (REF) and Repsol International Finance B.V. (RIF, and together with REF, the Issuers and each an Issuer), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue senior notes (the Senior Notes) and subordinated notes 
(the Subordinated Notes, and together with the Senior Notes, the Notes) in each case guaranteed by Repsol, S.A. (the Guarantor). The aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed euro 13,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), subject to increase as provided herein. 
Notes issued under the Programme will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor.  
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 1129/2017, as 
amended or superseded (the Prospectus Regulation). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
CSSF) as competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Pursuant to article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 relating to 
prospectuses for securities (the Luxembourg Act), by approving this base prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial 
soundness of Notes to be issued hereunder or the quality or solvency of the Issuers. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuers or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. For the purposes of the Transparency Directive 2004/109/EC, each Issuer has selected Luxembourg as its ‘home member state’. The ‘home 
member state’ of the guarantor for such purposes is Spain. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market (which is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(MiFID II)) and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Application may also be made for such Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Unlisted Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. According to the Luxembourg Act, the CSSF is not competent for approving prospectuses for 
the listing of money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months and complying with the definition of securities. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from 10 April 2024 (i.e., until 10 April 2025) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption 
is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes and the issue price of the Notes, which are applicable to each 
Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme” below) of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the Senior Notes or 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes, as applicable (as defined in “General Description of the Programme” below). Such Final Terms will also specify whether 
or not such Notes will be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (or any other market) and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
thereof (or any such other market).

--- Page 2 ---
-ii- 
 
 
The Notes, the Senior Guarantee and the Subordinated Guarantee (all as defined below) will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the Securities Act) and the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States of America (the United States or U.S.) or to U.S. persons or for 
the account or benefit of a U.S. person (as such term is defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme” below) of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each 
a Temporary Global Note) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a Permanent Global Note and together with the Temporary Global Note, the Global 
Notes). If the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, the relevant clearing systems will be notified 
whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility and, if so, will be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme” below) to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg).  
Global Notes that are not issued in NGN form (Classic Global Notes or CGNs) may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, will) be deposited on the issue date of the Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the Common 
Depositary). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Overview of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Guarantor is rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, BBB+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Spanish Branch, 
Sucursal en España and Baa1 by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH. Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Ireland Spanish Branch, Sucursal 
en España and Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit 
rating agencies (the CRA Regulation). Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union (the EU) and registered under the CRA will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A list of rating 
agencies registered under the CRA Regulation can be found at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” below. 
___________________________________ 
 
 
 
Arranger 
 
 
BofA Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
Banco Sabadell 
 
Morgan Stanley 
BBVA 
Deutsche Bank 
MUFG 
Barclays 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Natixis 
BNP PARIBAS 
HSBC 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
BofA Securities 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
CaixaBank 
J.P. Morgan 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Citigroup 
Mediobanca 
UBS Investment Bank 
Credit Agricole CIB 
Mizuho 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 10 April 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
-iii- 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PAGE 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .............................................................................................................................. 4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 10 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................... 19 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................................. 51 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................. 58 
THE GROUP’S ENERGY TRANSITION FINANCING STRATEGY ..................................................... 59 
DESCRIPTION OF REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V. ......................................................... 66 
DESCRIPTION OF REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE ................................................................................... 67 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP .................................................................. 68 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................. 90 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................. 101 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ....................................................................... 107 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ...................................................... 152 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............. 193 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (SENIOR NOTES) ....................................................................................... 198 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (SUBORDINATED NOTES) ...................................................................... 214 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 227

--- Page 4 ---
Page 4
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus contains no omissions 
likely to affect its import. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, Repsol, the Repsol Group and the Group refers to Repsol, S.A. together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, and the Guarantor 
refers to Repsol, S.A. only. 
References herein to Conditions are, in respect of Senior Notes, to the “Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes” as they apply to Senior Notes issued by either Repsol Europe Finance or Repsol International Finance 
B.V., as the case may be, and references to a numbered Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
References herein to Conditions are, in respect of Subordinated Notes, to the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes” as they apply to Subordinated Notes issued by either Repsol Europe Finance or Repsol 
International Finance B.V., as the case may be, and references to a numbered Condition shall be construed 
accordingly. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all the documents that are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). The information available on any 
website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information 
is expressly incorporated by reference herein. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the 
Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuers, 
the Guarantor or Repsol since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or Repsol since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required 
by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restriction. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States (U.S.) Securities 
Act and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes are being 
offered and sold by the Dealers outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in accordance with 
Regulation S of the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the U.S. or to U.S. persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published.

--- Page 5 ---
Page 5 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents or the 
Calculation Agent (together, the Agents), the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee accepts any responsibility 
for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the 
Arranger, the Trustee, the Agents or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuers, the Guarantor, 
or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger, the Agents, the Trustee and each Dealer accordingly 
disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) 
which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
and should not be considered as a recommendation, offer or invitation by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, 
the Trustee, the Agents, the Dealers or the Arranger to any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial 
statements to subscribe for or purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for 
itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be 
based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to 
review the financial position or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.  
None of the Issuers nor the Arranger nor the Dealers is responsible for any third party social, environmental 
and sustainability assessment of the Notes, nor as to whether the Notes satisfy an investor’s requirements or 
any future legal or industry standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. Investors 
should conduct their own assessment of the Notes from a sustainability perspective. Investors should note 
that the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for general corporate purposes, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Arrangers and the Dealers make no representation or assurance as to (i) whether the use of the net 
proceeds of the Notes will be used for Green Eligible Projects, (ii) the characteristics of Green Eligible 
Projects, including their eligibility, environmental or sustainability criteria and (iii) the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of a second party opinion delivered in relation to any Green Bonds or 
Sustainability-Linked Notes, or any other opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited 
by the Issuers or any affiliate). 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf 
of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, a reference to a law or 
a provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision as amended or re-enacted. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to U.S.$ and 
U.S. dollars are to the lawful currency/units of currency of the United States; references to £ or Sterling are 
to the lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom; and references to € and euro are to the 
single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements that reflect the Group’s intentions, beliefs or 
current expectations and projections about the Group’s future results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans, opportunities, trends and the markets

--- Page 6 ---
Page 6 
in which the Group operates or intends to operate. Forward-looking statements involve all matters that are 
not historical fact. These and other forward-looking statements can be identified by the words “may”, “will”, 
“would”, “should”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “project”, “future”, “potential”, “believe”, 
“seek”, “plan”, “aim”, “objective”, “goal”, “strategy”, “target”, “continue” and similar expressions or their 
negatives. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Group’s 
present and future business and the environment in which the Group expects to operate in the future. Forward-
looking statements may be found in sections of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”, “Description of 
the Guarantor and the Group”, in the consolidated management reports that are incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus (the Consolidated Management Reports), in the Strategic Plan for 2021-2025 
presented by the Group on 26 November 2020 and updated for 2024-2027 on 22 February 2024 (see 
“Description of the Guarantor and the Group—Strategy”) and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
and other factors that could cause the Group’s actual results of operations, financial position, liquidity, 
performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans or opportunities, as well as those of the markets 
the Group serves or intends to serve, to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, these 
forward-looking statements. 
Additional factors that could cause the Group’s actual results, financial position, liquidity, performance, 
prospects, opportunities or achievements or industry results to differ include, but are not limited to, those 
discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events described in this Base 
Prospectus may not occur. Additional risks that the Group may currently deem immaterial or that are not 
presently known to the Group could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in this Base Prospectus 
not to occur. Except as otherwise required by Dutch, Spanish, Luxembourg and other applicable securities 
laws and regulations and by any applicable stock exchange regulations, the Group undertakes no obligation 
to update publicly or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, 
future events, changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Base Prospectus. Given the 
uncertainty inherent in forward-looking statements, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on these statements. 
HYDROCARBON AND GAS RESERVES CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
Hydrocarbon and gas reserves and resource estimates are expressions of engineering and economic analysis 
and interpretation based on knowledge, experience and industry practice. Estimates that were valid when 
originally calculated may alter significantly when new information or techniques become available. 
Additionally, by their very nature, reserve and resource estimates are imprecise and depend to some extent 
on interpretations, which may prove to be inaccurate. As further information becomes available through 
additional drilling and analysis, the estimates are likely to change. This may result in alterations to 
development and production plans which may, in turn, adversely affect the Group’s operations. See also 
“Risk Factors—Risk Factors that May Affect the Issuers’ and the Guarantor’s Ability to Fulfil Their 
Obligations under The Notes—Risks Related to Repsol’s Business Activities and Industry—Risks related to 
the Group’s estimation of its oil and gas reserves”. 
CERTAIN TECHNICAL TERMS 
As used in this Base Prospectus: 
“boe” refers to barrels of oil equivalent; 
“boed” means barrels of oil equivalent per day; 
“k” prefix means thousand;

--- Page 7 ---
Page 7 
“m” prefix means million; 
“mmboe” means millions of barrels of oil equivalent; 
“MMBtu” means one million British thermal units; 
“/d” or “d” suffix means per day; and 
“scf” means standard cubic feet. 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time, one or both of the Issuers shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
pursuant to the Luxembourg Act, the relevant Issuer or the Issuers, as the case may be, shall prepare and 
make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus, which, in 
respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus, as required by the Luxembourg Act. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
The financial data incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in addition to the financial performance 
and liquidity measures established by International Financial Reporting Standards; as adopted by the 
European Union (IFRS-EU), contains certain alternative performance measures (such as adjusted net 
income, EBITDA, etc.) (APMs) that are presented for the purposes of a better understanding of Repsol’s 
financial performance, cash flows and financial position, as these are used by Repsol when making 
operational or strategic decisions for the Group. The relevant metrics are identified as APMs and 
accompanied by an explanation of each such metric’s components and calculation method in “Appendix II: 
Alternative performance measures” to the “Consolidated Management Report 2023” and in “Appendix II: 
Alternative performance measures” to the “Consolidated Management Report 2022”, which are incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Such APMs should not be considered as a substitute for those required by IFRS-EU, are not accounting 
measures within the scope of IFRS-EU and may not be permitted to appear on the face of primary financial 
statements or footnotes thereto. These APMs may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures of other 
companies. Neither the assumptions underlying the APMs have been audited in accordance with International 
Standards on Auditing or any generally accepted auditing standards. In evaluating the APMs, investors 
should carefully consider the financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Although certain of this data has been extracted or derived from the financial statements incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus, this data has not been audited or reviewed by the independent auditors. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or

--- Page 8 ---
Page 8 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / professional investors and ECPs only target market – The Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR product governance / professional investors and ECPs only target market – The Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE (AS MODIFIED AND AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME) 
Unless otherwise stated at the time of the relevant issue of Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018)) and Excluded Investment 
Products/Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS)

--- Page 9 ---
Page 9 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements 
of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide 
a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by 
the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or 
territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser.  
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing, and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should also consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference inter alia, to the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (EURIBOR) or the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of SONIA does not appear on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
BMR), while the administrator of EURIBOR (European Money Market Institute) does appear on such 
register. As far as the Issuers and the Guarantor are aware, SONIA does not fall within the scope of the BMR 
by virtue of Article 2 of the BMR.

--- Page 10 ---
Page 10 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this document and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This general description constitutes a general description of 
the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
implementing the Prospectus Regulation. Words and expressions defined in the sections entitled “Overview 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”, “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes” shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuers:  
Repsol Europe Finance and Repsol International Finance B.V.  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) for 
Repsol Europe Finance: 
222100TAWUOMRM7NNG09 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) for 
Repsol International Finance 
B.V.: 
5493002YCY6HTK0OUR29 
Guarantor:  
Repsol, S.A.  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) for 
Repsol, S.A.: 
BSYCX13Y0NOTV14V9N85 
Description:  
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
Size:  
Up to €13,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. The Issuers may increase the size of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined 
in the section entitled “Subscription and Sale” below). 
Arranger:  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Dealers:  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A.  
 
Banco Santander, S.A.  
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE

--- Page 11 ---
Page 11 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
The Issuers may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to Permanent 
Dealers are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and to Dealers are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee:  
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Issuing and Paying Agent:  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale” below) including the following restrictions applicable at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year: 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Method of Issue:  
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or

--- Page 12 ---
Page 12 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical to (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest) the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in one or more 
tranches (each a Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein 
under the Conditions, save where the first Tranche of an issue 
which is being increased was issued under a base prospectus with 
an earlier date, in which case the Notes will be issued on the terms 
set forth in that base prospectus. The specific terms of each 
Tranche will be set forth in the relevant final terms for such 
Tranche (the Final Terms). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the relevant Issuer and each relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only. Each Tranche of 
Notes will be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note if 
(i) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such 
Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and are being 
issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined in “Selling 
Restrictions” in this section “General Description of the 
Programme”), otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a 
Permanent Global Note. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the relevant Dealer.  
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
If the Global Note is intended to be issued in NGN form, the Global 
Note representing Notes will, on or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, be delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. If the Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form, the Global Note representing Notes may (or, 
in the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, will), on or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes relating to Notes 
that are not listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange may also be deposited with any other clearing system or 
may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee 
and the relevant Dealer.  
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 13 ---
Page 13 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from one month from the date of original 
issue. 
Specified Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, save that: (i) the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required, from time to time, by the relevant regulatory authority 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency; and (ii) the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area (EEA) or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the EEA in circumstances which would otherwise require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of issue of the Notes). 
 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note 
or Permanent Global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so 
permit, the Notes will be tradable as follows: (a) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in another currency), in the authorised denomination 
of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral 
multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
thereafter, or (b) if the Specified Denomination stated in the 
relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency) and integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency) in excess thereof, in the minimum authorised 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
and higher integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency), notwithstanding that no definitive notes will be issued 
with a denomination above €199,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency). 
Fixed Rate Notes (Senior Notes 
only): 
In respect of Senior Notes only, fixed interest will be payable in 
arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes (Senior Notes 
only): 
In respect of Senior Notes only, Floating Rate Notes will bear 
interest determined separately for each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the relevant ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as 
at the issue date of the first Tranche of a Series; or  
 
(ii) by reference to EURIBOR or SONIA as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
Page 14 
Zero Coupon Notes (Senior Notes 
only): 
In respect of Senior Notes only, Zero Coupon Notes may be issued 
at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and will not bear 
interest. 
Resettable Rate Subordinated 
Notes (Subordinated Notes only): 
In respect of Subordinated Notes only, resettable Rate 
Subordinated Notes will bear interest on their principal amount 
from (and including) the Issue Date to but excluding the First Reset 
Date at the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Thereafter, this fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or 
more date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference 
to a mid-market swap rate or to a reference bond yield to maturity, 
as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates 
in the same interest period. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts 
payable, which shall not be less than par. Unless permitted by the 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated 
in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, must have a minimum redemption 
amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Redemption by Instalments 
(Senior Notes only): 
In respect of Senior Notes only, the Final Terms issued in respect 
of each issue of Notes that are redeemable in two or more 
instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts in 
which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or (in the case of Senior 
Notes only) the Noteholders and, in each case, the terms applicable 
to such redemption. 
 
For so long as all of the Notes are represented by one or both of 
the Global Notes and such Global Note(s) is/are held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, no selection of Notes 
to be redeemed will be required under the Conditions in the event 
that the relevant Issuer exercises its option pursuant to Conditions 
6(e) or 6(h) of the Senior Notes or Conditions 6(f) or 6(h) of the 
Subordinated Notes in respect of less than the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding at such time. In such event, the 
partial redemption will be effected in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion).

--- Page 15 ---
Page 15 
Optional Interest Deferral 
(Subordinated Notes only): 
In respect of Subordinated Notes only, the relevant Issuer may, at 
its sole discretion, elect to defer (in whole or in part) any payment 
of interest on the Subordinated Notes, subject to limited 
exceptions, as more particularly described in Condition 5 
(Optional Interest Deferral) of the Subordinated Notes. Non-
payment of interest so deferred shall not constitute a default by the 
relevant Issuer or Guarantor under the Subordinated Notes or the 
Subordinated Guarantee or for any other purpose. Any amounts so 
deferred, together with further interest accrued thereon (at the Rate 
of Interest applicable from time to time), shall constitute Arrears 
of Interest.  
Optional Settlement of Arrears of 
Interest (Subordinated Notes 
only): 
In respect of Subordinated Notes only, Arrears of Interest may be 
satisfied at the option of the relevant Issuer, in whole or in part, at 
any given time upon giving not more than 14 and no less than seven 
Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders, the Trustee and the 
Paying Agents prior to the relevant Optional Deferred Interest 
Settlement Date informing them of its election so to satisfy such 
Arrear of Interest (or part thereof) and specifying the relevant 
Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date.  
Mandatory Settlement of Arrears 
of Interest (Subordinated Notes 
only): 
In respect of Subordinated Notes only, the relevant Issuer shall pay 
any outstanding Arrears of Interest in whole, but not in part, on the 
first occurring Mandatory Settlement Date following the Interest 
Payment Date on which any outstanding Deferred Interest 
Payment was first deferred.  
Risk Factors: 
The section titled “Risk Factors” of this Base Prospectus sets out, 
among other things, certain factors that may affect the Issuers’ 
and/or the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil their respective obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme and certain other factors 
that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with such Notes. 
Status of the Senior Notes and 
Senior Guarantee: 
The payment obligations under the Senior Notes and, where 
applicable, any Coupons relating to them, and the guarantee in 
respect of the Senior Notes (the Senior Guarantee) will constitute 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations (save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by the laws of bankruptcy and other 
laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to the 
provisions of the Negative Pledge in Condition 3 of the Senior 
Notes) of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, respectively, all as 
described in Condition 2 (Guarantee and Status of the Senior 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons) of the Senior Notes.  
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
and Subordinated Guarantee: 
The Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any Coupons 
relating to them, and, subject to mandatory provisions of Spanish 
applicable law, the payment obligations under the guarantee in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes (the Subordinated Guarantee) 
will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor respectively, all as described 
in Condition 2 (Status and Subordination of the Subordinated 
Notes and Coupons) and Condition 3 (Guarantee, Status and 
Subordination of the Guarantee) of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
Page 16 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Spanish applicable law, in the 
event of the Guarantor being declared insolvent (concurso) under 
the Spanish Insolvency Law, the rights and claims of the Trustee 
and the Noteholders against the Guarantor in respect of or arising 
under the Subordinated Guarantee will rank (i) junior to the claims 
of the holders of all Senior Obligations of the Guarantor, (ii) pari 
passu with the claims of the holders of all Parity Obligations of the 
Guarantor and (iii) senior to the claims of the holders of all Junior 
Obligations of the Guarantor. 
Negative Pledge (Senior Notes): 
See Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Negative Pledge (Subordinated 
Notes): 
Subordinated Notes do not benefit from any negative pledge.  
Cross Default (Senior Notes): 
See Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
Events of Default (Subordinated 
Notes): 
Subordinated Notes do not contain any events of default. On the 
Liquidation Event Date, the Subordinated Notes will become due 
and payable at their Early Redemption Amount, together with any 
outstanding interest accrued up to (but excluding) the Liquidation 
Event Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest.  Noteholders 
in respect of Subordinated Notes have limited enforcement rights 
if an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or insolvency proceeding of 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as described in Condition 9 
(Enforcement Events and No Events of Default). 
Waiver of set-off (Subordinated 
Notes): 
In respect of Subordinated Notes only and subject to applicable 
law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off in 
respect of any amount owed to it by the relevant Issuer arising 
under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons 
and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of being a holder, be deemed 
to have waived all such rights of set-off. Condition 2(b) 
(Subordination of the Subordinated Notes) is an irrevocable 
stipulation (derdenbeding) for the benefit of the creditors of Senior 
Obligations of the Issuer and each such creditor may rely on and 
enforce Condition 2(b) (Subordination of the Subordinated Notes) 
under Section 6:253 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
Early Redemption (Senior Notes): 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Senior Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons and, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms under Condition 6(g) (Redemption following a 
Substantial Purchase Event) and Condition 6(f) (Residual 
Maturity Call Option). See Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase 
and Options). 
Early Redemption (Subordinated 
Notes):  
Except 
as 
provided 
in 
“Optional 
Redemption” 
above, 
Subordinated Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
for tax reasons following the occurrence of a Tax Event and/or a 
Withholding Event and, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms under Condition 6(d) (Redemption for Accounting 
Reasons), Condition 6(e) (Redemption for Rating Reasons) and

--- Page 17 ---
Page 17 
Condition 6(g) (Redemption following a Substantial Purchase 
Event). 
Substitution and Variation 
(Subordinated Notes): 
In respect of Subordinated Notes only, if specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, then the Issuer may, if it and/or the Guarantor 
determines that a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event, an 
Accounting Event or a Capital Event has occurred, exchange the 
Subordinated Notes for new subordinated notes and/or vary the 
terms of the Subordinated Notes as provided for in Condition 12(e) 
(Substitution and Variation) of the Subordinated Notes. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of The Netherlands, 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Kingdom of Spain, 
subject to customary exceptions (including the ICMA Standard EU 
Exceptions). All payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
FATCA, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto, and no additional amounts shall be payable on 
account of any such FATCA withholding or deduction. See 
Condition 8 of the relevant Notes.  
Governing Law: 
The Senior Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them) are governed by English law, other 
than (i) the provisions of Condition 2(c) which are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg in respect of Senior Notes issued by Repsol 
Europe Finance and (ii) the provisions of Conditions 2(a) and 2(b) 
in respect of the Senior Guarantee, which are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of 
Spain. For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-1 to 470-19 of 
Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, 
as amended from time to time, shall not apply. 
The Subordinated Notes (and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them) are governed by English 
law, other than (i) the provisions of Condition 2 which are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws 
of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg in respect of Subordinated 
Notes issued by Repsol Europe Finance or The Netherlands in 
respect of Subordinated Notes issued by Repsol International 
Finance B.V. and (ii) the provisions of Conditions 3(b) and 3(c), 
and the corresponding provisions of the Subordinated Guarantee, 
which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
the laws of the Kingdom of Spain. For the avoidance of doubt, 
articles 470-1 to 470-19 of Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915 
on commercial companies, as amended from time to time, shall not 
apply.

--- Page 18 ---
Page 18 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. As specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions: 
United States, EEA Retail Investors, UK Retail Investors, United 
Kingdom, Spain, Belgium, Japan, Switzerland, The Netherlands, 
Hong Kong, Singapore and the Republic of Italy. See 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
 
Each Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of 
the Code) (the D Rules) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state 
that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form 
that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) 
(the C Rules) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in compliance 
with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the 
Notes will not constitute “registration required obligations” under 
the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
(TEFRA), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant 
Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be 
treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency operating in the European Union before 7 June 2010 which 
has submitted an application for registration in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation and such registration is not refused or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 19 ---
Page 19 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, the 
relevant Final Terms and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as well as 
their own personal circumstances, before deciding to invest in any Notes. Prospective investors should have 
particular regard to, among other matters, the considerations set out in this section of this Base Prospectus.  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that each of the following risk factors, many of which are 
beyond the control of the Issuers and the Guarantor or are difficult to predict, may materially affect its 
financial position and its ability to fulfil its obligations in respect of the Notes issued under the Programme.  
Risk factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are also 
described below. 
Those risk factors that the Issuers and the Guarantor believe are the most material as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus have been presented first in each category. The order of presentation of the remaining risk factors 
in each category is not intended to be an indication of the probability of their occurrence or of their potential 
effect on the Issuers’ or the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. Furthermore, the 
order of presentation of the categories themselves is not intended to be an indication of their importance or 
materiality. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that the risk factors described below represent the principal 
risk factors inherent in investing in the Notes, but the inability of the Issuers or the Guarantor to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons, which may not 
be considered significant risks by the Issuers and the Guarantor based on information currently available to 
them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate.  
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their 
own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully 
review the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light 
of the prospective investor’s personal circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions shall have the same meanings in this section. 
(I) RISK FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUERS’ AND THE GUARANTOR’S ABILITY 
TO FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
The risk factors set out below are applicable to the Issuers as members of the Repsol Group, and the 
Guarantor. 
1. 
 RISKS RELATING TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND TO THE GROUP’S STRATEGY  
Risks related to climate change. 
Repsol is exposed to risks associated with climate change. These include (i) risks derived from the energy 
transition (regulatory, legal, technological, market and reputational risks) that can arise from, among other 
things, changes in laws, regulations, policies, obligations, social attitudes and customer preferences relating 
to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, and increased competition due to the entry of new market 
participants with business models and product offerings based on low-carbon energy sources and (ii) physical 
risks, both acute and chronic, that could be exacerbated by the progression of climate change including the 
effects of the rise in temperature, sea-level rise, changes in precipitation patterns, fluctuations in water levels 
or more frequent occurrence of extreme temperatures, droughts or other extreme meteorological phenomena, 
such as cyclones or hurricanes. These risks could adversely impact Repsol’s business, prospects, operations, 
assets and supply chains.

--- Page 20 ---
Page 20 
Given the nature and location of the Group’s activities, as well as the risk mitigation measures the Group has 
implemented, Repsol believes it is more exposed to transition risks than to physical risks. However, it is 
taking steps to reduce exposure to all risks.  
The most relevant risks related to climate change that Repsol is exposed to are listed below: 
Regulatory and legal 
▪ 
Regulatory changes that affect the Group’s results: Regulatory changes that affect operations, 
whether derived from the obligation to adopt measures to mitigate climate change (e.g., limiting the 
production and use of hydrocarbons, limiting emissions or discharges, limiting the use of natural 
resources) that are consistent with the decarbonisation commitments undertaken by each of the 
countries, or changes relating to tax matters (e.g., emissions trading systems or relevant increased 
tax burdens). Regulatory changes associated with the development of new businesses are also 
included. 
▪ 
Increase in litigation arising from the effects of climate change: Climate-related litigation that holds 
companies in the energy sector responsible for the consequences of climate change. 
Technological 
▪ 
Inefficient, late or premature adoption of new practices, processes or development of technologies: 
The impact of this risk mainly arises from investments in technologies aimed at the production of 
energy (including renewable energies), its distribution and its storage, but which become obsolete 
before they are deployed in the market. 
▪ 
Shortage or unavailability of raw materials, natural resources, goods or services: Shortage of raw 
materials and natural resources that are required to develop key technologies associated with the 
energy transition (minerals such as lithium, nickel, cobalt, graphite and other chemical elements). 
Exposure will increase as the transition progresses, and therefore, the demand for these materials and 
resources will foreseeably become more pressing in a net zero emissions scenario. The difficulty of 
access to and/or increased cost of other elements, goods and services required to carry out the energy 
transition is also included. 
▪ 
Limited deployment of technologies due to lack of infrastructure: Lack of network adaptation as 
production grows, which can limit the growth of the renewable energy and electricity production 
business. 
Market 
▪ 
Misalignment of the portfolio management strategy with the speed of the energy transition: 
Uncertainty associated with the climate scenario that may finally materialise given that multiple 
factors may accelerate or slow down the energy transition. The impact would be associated with asset 
investment/divestment decisions. 
▪ 
Changes associated with the preferences of final consumers or intermediaries: Changes associated 
with consumer preferences as a result of an increased concern about climate change, which could 
lead to reduced consumption of fossil fuels (demand) compared to other alternative energy sources 
or significant alterations in raw material prices (margins). 
▪ 
Potential difficulty or limitation in raising funds: Potential difficulty or limitation in raising the funds 
necessary to meet obligations or carry out activities or risks associated with a possible decrease in 
the credit rating (including Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) factors) that impacts the 
Group’s financing capacity in the markets.

--- Page 21 ---
Page 21 
▪ 
High competition in the markets associated with the energy transition: Increased competition in the 
markets associated with the energy transition due to the entry of new competing companies as a 
result of increased attractiveness of low-carbon businesses in a favourable investment environment 
or as a result of the change in positioning of already existing companies in the energy sector in the 
different markets. 
Reputational 
▪ 
Energy sector stigmatisation: Harm to the Group’s reputation or the industry caused by social 
disapproval of the activity or the Group’s performance in relation to sustainable development 
initiatives. 
▪ 
Failure to fulfil the commitments undertaken by the Group, failure in reporting and risks related to 
corporate communication and advertising and allegations of “greenwashing”: Reputational impact 
associated with the failure to fulfil any of the commitments undertaken by the Group or allegations 
of lack of ambition in the context of the energy transition and the announced transformation process, 
as well as unintentional errors arising from an inaccurate interpretation of new and growing reporting 
requirements or risk that communications or advertisements relating to Repsol’s business and 
transformation strategy to achieve its commitment to become a net zero emissions company by 2050 
may attract public criticism, result in claims or complaints or otherwise come under increased 
scrutiny, including by regulatory bodies or self-regulatory organisations, advocacy groups or 
competitors. 
▪ 
Challenges associated with talent and people management in the Group’s transformation process: 
Attraction and retention of talent as a result of harm to the Group’s image, or due to a shortage of 
specialised profiles in the market, which would make it difficult to achieve the goals of the 
transformation plan and meet the established targets. 
If Repsol is unable to successfully mitigate the risks related to climate change, including the adaption of its 
business to the changing energy environment, this could have an adverse impact on the business, financial 
position and results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Repsol Group’s strategy requires efficiency, innovation and suitable human capital in a highly competitive 
market. 
Global multi-energy providers operate in the context of a highly competitive energy sector. This competition 
influences the conditions for accessing markets or following new business leads, the costs of licences and 
the pricing and marketing of products and supplies, requiring the Group’s attention and continuous efforts 
towards improving efficiency and reducing unit costs, without compromising operational safety or 
undermining the management of other strategic, operational and financial risks. 
In the context of such a competitive environment, production and commercialisation margins may be affected 
by a number of factors, such as low demand arising from a deterioration in the economic situation of the 
countries in which Repsol operates, elevated prices of crude oil and other raw materials, the trends of 
production-related energy costs and other commodities, refining capacity in Europe, and the growing 
competition from refineries in other areas where production costs are lower. Commercial businesses compete 
with international hydrocarbons industry operators as well as with other non-oil entities (supermarket chains 
as well as other commercial operators) to acquire or open service stations. Repsol’s service stations mainly 
compete based on price, service, and the availability of non-oil products. Repsol’s low carbon business 
competes in a fast-growing sector which plays a critical role in the energy transition. A range of different 
factors can affect the competitiveness of such business, including related to raw material costs and 
availability, supply chain issues, access to technical expertise and skills to deploy new projects and failures 
in research and innovation processes resulting in lower technological efficiency.

--- Page 22 ---
Page 22 
Furthermore, the Repsol Group is exposed to negative impacts arising from the management of its 
organisation and its employees. If the Group were to fail to successfully recruit and retain diverse, skilled 
and experienced people or maintain a suitable organisational structure, both in terms of design and 
dimensioning, this could negatively affect its business. 
The implementation of the Group’s strategy requires significant ability to anticipate and adapt to the market 
and continuous investment in technological advances, innovation and digitalisation. There can be no 
assurance that Repsol will be able to invest in such technological advances, innovation and digitalisation or, 
if it does, that any such new technology will not be replaced by other technologies in the future. Should 
Repsol be unable of anticipating and adapting to these market requirements, attracting and retaining human 
talent, or investing sufficiently in technological advances it could have an adverse effect on the business, 
financial position and results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Repsol may engage in acquisitions and investments and disposals as part of the Group’s strategy. 
As part of the Group’s strategy, Repsol may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals of interests. 
There can be no assurance that Repsol will identify suitable acquisition opportunities, obtain the financing 
necessary to complete and support such acquisitions or investments, acquire businesses on satisfactory terms, 
or that any acquired business will prove to be profitable. In addition, acquisitions and investments involve a 
number of risks, including possible adverse effects on Repsol’s operating income, risks associated with 
unanticipated events or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses which may not have been 
disclosed during due diligence investigations, difficulties in the assimilation of the acquired operations, 
technologies, systems, services and products, and risks arising from contractual conditions that are triggered 
by a change of control of an acquired company.  
Any failure to successfully integrate such acquisitions could have a material adverse effect upon the business, 
results of operations or financial condition of Repsol. Any disposal of interests may also adversely affect 
Repsol’s financial condition, if such disposal results in a loss to Repsol or if holders of non-controlling 
interests fail to meet their agreed commitments. 
Should any such risks materialise, this could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO GEOPOLITICAL AND MACROECONOMIC CONDITIONS 
Risks related to the location of Repsol’s activities. 
Parts of the Group’s oil and gas reserves and Repsol’s activities are located in countries or regions that are, 
or could in the future become, economically or politically unstable. This could lead to situations such as an 
increase of taxes and royalties, the establishment of production limits and volumes for exports, mandatory 
renegotiations or annulment of contracts, regulation of product prices, nationalisation, expropriation or 
confiscation of assets, loss of concessions, changes in government policies, changes in commercial customs 
and practices, currency exchange restrictions and delayed payments. These may in turn limit the Group’s 
ability to pursue new opportunities, affect the recoverability of the Group’s assets or cause it to incur 
additional costs, particularly due to the long-term nature of many of the Group’s projects and significant 
capital expenditure required. 
In addition, political changes may lead to changes in the business environment. Economic downturns, 
political instability, geopolitical tensions or civil disturbances may disrupt the Group’s supply chain or limit 
sales in the markets affected by such events and affect the safety of employees and contractors and the 
integrity of the Group’s assets (both physical and intangible).  
In general, but in particular in certain countries where the Group operates, Repsol is exposed to potential 
impacts deriving from acts of direct violence that may endanger the integrity of the Group’s assets, both 
tangible and intangible, and the safety and wellbeing of the persons linked to the Group as a result of the

--- Page 23 ---
Page 23 
actions of persons or groups motivated by any interests, whether political or not, including, among other 
things, acts of terrorism, war, criminal activity, piracy or cyberattacks. 
As disclosed in Note 20.3 to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2023, the countries where Repsol was exposed to geopolitical risk as of 31 December 2023 were 
Venezuela, Bolivia, Libya and Algeria, where the Group’s combined proved reserves amounted to 431 
mmboe as of 31 December 2023 and the Group’s combined average production of such countries for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 was 137 kboe/d.  
The exposure of the Group, its assets (including reserves) and employees to economically, socially or 
politically unstable countries or regions could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Risks related to uncertainty in the current economic context. 
The Group is directly and indirectly subject to inherent risks arising from general economic conditions in 
Spain, the other countries in which it operates and the global economy more generally. 
Growth of the global economy during 2023 was resilient and stronger than expected. While the possibility 
of the global economy falling into recession (defined as two quarters of falling GDP per capita) seemed a 
clear possibility towards the end of 2022, global growth in 2023 is estimated to be 3.1%, which is not far 
below the 3.5% of 2022, and is currently expected to grow at the same level (3.1%) in 2024 (source: 
International Monetary Fund - World Economic Outlook (January 2024)). However, the projection for global 
growth in 2024 and 2025 is below the historical annual average of 3.8% (2000-2019) (source: International 
Monetary Fund - World Economic Outlook (January 2024)), reflecting restrictive monetary policies and the 
withdrawal of fiscal support as well as low underlying productivity growth. 
Furthermore, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is a higher than usual degree of uncertainty in the 
current economic context. In this regard, uncertainty derives from a number of factors, including, but not 
limited to, the following: 
▪ 
A slower-than-expected decline in core inflation in major economies due to, among other things, 
persistent labour market tightness and renewed tensions in supply chains. This could trigger a further 
rise in interest rates and a fall in the value of assets, as occurred in early 2023. Such developments 
could increase risks to financial stability, tighten global financial conditions, prompt flows of capital 
toward safe assets, and strengthen the U.S. dollar, resulting in adverse consequences for trade and 
growth. 
▪ 
Further geoeconomic fragmentation could constrain the cross-border flow of commodities, causing 
additional price volatility. Possible examples include continued attacks in the Red Sea or the ongoing 
war in Ukraine. 
▪ 
Greater-than-expected weakening in China’s growth stemming from issues in the health of its real 
estate sector and the financial situation of local governments. 
The Group is exposed to the uncertain macroeconomic context in several ways: 
▪ 
An economic downturn in any of the countries in which the Group operates may impact the Group’s 
customers, resulting in their inability to pay amounts owed to the Group and may affect demand for 
the Group’s goods and services. 
▪ 
Should demand for crude oil, gas, electricity or oil derivatives drop beneath the Group’s forecasts as 
a result of an economic slowdown, the results of its main businesses would be adversely affected as 
this would in turn affect business volume and the Group may suffer a loss of market share in its 
marketing business.

--- Page 24 ---
Page 24 
▪ 
An economic downturn also negatively affects the state of the equity, bond and foreign exchange 
markets, including their liquidity. This might affect the reasonable value of financial assets and 
liabilities and increase the Group’s financing costs and its exposure to potential credit loss, all of 
which could give rise to an impairment of the goodwill and the intangible or tangible fixed assets of 
the Group. 
▪ 
Other potential negative impacts could derive from the current economic, geopolitical and social 
instability, including, among other things, regulatory changes in the gas and electricity markets, 
deterioration of the Group’s reputation due to inflation, civil protests, supply interruption or rising 
costs or prices, deviation in the execution of investment projects, labour unrest, cyberattacks, 
sanctions and increased costs due to custom duties or tariffs. 
The Group is not able to predict how the economic cycle is likely to develop in the short term or the coming 
years or whether there will be a return to a recessive phase of the global economic cycle. Any further 
deterioration of the current economic situation in the markets in which the Group operates could have an 
adverse impact on the business, financial position and results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO REPSOL’S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY 
Risks related to fluctuations in international commodity prices and demand. 
There was an unexpected decline in demand for crude oil at the end of 2023. The market had expected oil 
demand growth to be strong in the last quarter of 2023, but this did not occur. As a result, and due to the 
sustained supply of crude oil from the United States, there was also an unexpected significant increase in 
inventories of crude oil globally. 
The beginning of 2024 has seen the price of crude oil rangebound due to, among other things, the escalation 
of tensions in the Red Sea and a weakening of the global economy. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the price of crude oil is more likely to fall than increase as a result of a number of factors such as United 
States interest rates, an increase in production of crude oil in Saudi Arabia and an underestimation of 
production growth in the United States.  
United States interest rates are expected to take longer to drop than what the market had forecasted. 
Historically, higher interest rates for an extended period resulted in a stronger U.S. dollar, which, in turn, led 
to lower crude oil prices. However, the Federal Reserve System may not want to be seen to influence the 
election result and therefore there may be no cuts to interest rates before the November Presidential Election 
in the United States. The November Presidential Election and any future elections may also have significant 
ramifications for geopolitics in the coming years, which may adversely affect the price of crude oil.  
With forecasts of global crude oil supply growth being higher than global crude oil demand growth, it makes 
it very difficult for Saudi Arabia to return to producing the additional 1mbpd they voluntarily cut in 2023 to 
the market in 2024. However, Saudi Arabia may increase production, particularly if Iran were to significantly 
increase its production and gain market share, or if Russia and Iraq were to fail to adhere to their respective 
cuts in quota.  
United States oil production growth averaged 1.5 mb/d to 1.6 mb/d in 2023 (source: The International Energy 
Agency). This was significantly above the 0.7 mb/d to 0.8 mb/d anticipated due to oil prices averaging 
U.S.$80 per barrel, which was well above the break-even level of U.S.$50 - U.S.$60 for shale oil. Fracking 
is still a young technology and efficiency gains and new developments are still occurring. That can be seen 
in the reducing rig count and frack crews being used to produce record levels of crude oil. Production in the 
United States is expected to increase to 0.2 mb/d to 0.3mb/d if prices remain around U.S.$80.  
If the Hamas-Israel war were to escalate in the Middle East, further sanctions could be imposed by the United 
States on Iran’s exports of oil, which may cause the price of crude oil to increase. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, there have already been changes to the routes of many cargoes in the Red Sea causing freight

--- Page 25 ---
Page 25 
disruptions.  
With regard to the gas market, and as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the fact that natural gas prices 
reached U.S.$2 per MMBtu at the end of 2023 indicate that the current gas price environment is expected to 
remain at low levels in the short-term when compared to the levels experienced in 2022 due to higher gas 
storage levels and mild temperatures. In this context, due to low profitability, a reduction in supply can be 
expected to somewhat rebalance the market and provide some support to prices. 
In 2024, the electricity market is presenting a series of challenges on both the supply and demand sides. 
Despite declining prices, electricity consumption is still decreasing due to factors such as improved 
efficiency, the growing use of self-consumption, and a struggling industry that is unable to reach previous 
levels. On the supply side, 2024 is marked by a significant increase in renewable energy, especially in 
photovoltaic installations, and high water reserves compared to previous years, particularly in the first half 
of the year. These conditions are not only leading to lower average prices but also to increased price volatility 
throughout the day. 
Reductions in crude oil, gas and electricity prices negatively affect Repsol’s profitability and the value of its 
assets. In oil and gas exploration and production, investment plans may also have to change due to the delay, 
renegotiation or cancellation of projects under new rules to get allowances to exploit resources. Likewise, 
any significant decrease in capital investments allocated to acquire, discover or develop new reserves could 
have an adverse effect on Repsol’s ability to replace its crude oil and gas reserves. Moreover, industrial, 
customer and low carbon generation activities are exposed to risks which are inherent to such activities, 
including potential reductions in profit margins or fluctuations in the demand of crude, gas, electricity or 
other reference products due to unexpected increases in prices of other commodities (such as emissions 
allowances and carbon credits), which, in turn, could have an adverse impact on the business, financial 
position and results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Risks related to the Group’s estimation of its oil and gas reserves. 
In the estimation of proved and unproved oil and gas reserves, Repsol uses the criteria established by the 
“SPE/WPC/AAPG/SPEE/SEG/SPWLA/EAGE Petroleum Resources Management System”, commonly 
referred to by its acronym, SPE-PRMS, with SPE standing for the Society of Petroleum Engineers. 
The accuracy of these estimates depends on a number of different factors, assumptions and variables, such 
as exploration and development activities including drilling, testing and production. After the date of the 
estimate, the results of activities may entail substantial upward or downward corrections in the estimate based 
on the quality of available geological, technical and economic data used (including changes in hydrocarbon 
prices) and its interpretation and valuation. Moreover, the production performance of reservoirs and recovery 
rates depend significantly on available technologies as well as Repsol’s ability to implement them.  
As a result of the foregoing, estimates of reserves are not precise and are subject to revision. The estimate of 
proved and unproved reserves of oil and gas will also be subject to correction due to errors in the 
implementation of, and/or changes in, the standards published. Any downward revision in estimated 
quantities of proved reserves could adversely impact the Repsol Group, leading to increased depreciation, 
depletion and amortisation charges and/or impairment charges and, in turn, could have an adverse impact on 
the business, financial position and results of operations of the Repsol Group.  
Risks related to exploration and exploitation of hydrocarbons and the discovery and development of new 
reserves. 
Oil and gas exploration and production (E&P) activities are subject to particular risks, many of which are 
beyond Repsol’s control. These activities are exposed to exploration, development, production, facilities and 
transportation risks, errors or inefficiencies in operations management, purchasing processes, supply from 
vendors or operations from contractors, natural hazards and other uncertainties relating to the physical 
characteristics of oil and gas fields, and their decommissioning. Furthermore, oil and gas exploration, and

--- Page 26 ---
Page 26 
development and production projects are complex in terms of their scale and by their very nature are 
susceptible to delays in execution and cost overruns with respect to initially-approved budgets. In addition 
to these risks, some of the development projects in which the Group participates are located in deep waters, 
rainforests, mature areas and other difficult environments such as the North Sea, Gulf of Mexico or Alaska, 
or in complex oilfields like those with high pressure and high temperature reservoirs, which could aggravate 
these risks further. Moreover, any means of transport of hydrocarbons implies inherent risks: during road, 
rail, maritime or pipe transportation, hydrocarbons or other hazardous substances may be spilled. This is a 
significant risk due to the potential impact a spill could have on the environment, biodiversity and on people, 
especially considering the high volume of products that can be carried at any one time. Should these risks 
materialise, Repsol may suffer major losses, interruptions to its operations and harm to its reputation.  
Repsol’s own exploration and production activities, such as exploratory or production wells, surface facilities 
or oil platforms, both onshore and offshore, including terminals for loading and unloading raw materials or 
products, are exposed to accidents such as fires, explosions, hydrocarbon or toxic product leaks and 
environmental incidents with a large potential impact. Such accidents may cause death and injury to 
employees, contractors, residents in surrounding areas, as well as damage to the assets and property owned 
by Repsol and third parties as well as damage to the environment. The Repsol Group is exposed to impacts 
from any type of damage or temporary interruption of service associated with accidents in operations or 
involving land, sea, river and air transport vehicles for people, substances, goods and equipment. The same 
is applicable to those E&P activities in which the Group participates as a partner, not as operator, and in 
which the Group typically has no control over the execution of the activities. 
Furthermore, Repsol’s E&P business depends on the replacement of depleted oil and gas reserves with new 
reserves in a cost-effective manner for subsequent production to be economically viable. Repsol’s ability to 
develop, acquire or discover new reserves is, however, subject to additional risks. For example, drilling may 
involve negative results, not only with respect to dry wells, but also with respect to wells that are productive 
but not sufficiently so to generate net revenues in order to return a profit after exploration, development, 
operating and other costs are taken into account. Moreover, a discovery (with its corresponding costs) might 
become economically unviable if the market changes (either through low commodity prices or costs inflation) 
or in the event of changes to laws in the country in which the operations are taking place. 
If Repsol fails to acquire or discover, and, thereafter, develop new oil and gas reserves in a cost-effective 
manner, or if any of the risks referred to above were to materialise, its business, financial position and results 
of operations could be significantly and adversely affected. 
Risks related to Repsol’s LNG and natural gas trading operations.  
Natural gas and liquefied natural gas (LNG) prices are susceptible to significant fluctuations due to various 
factors including, but not limited to, geopolitical events, weather conditions and competition from alternative 
energy sources. Furthermore, prices tend to vary between different regions in which Repsol operates as a 
result of significantly different supply, demand and regulatory circumstances. In addition, excess supply 
conditions that exist in some regions cannot be utilised in other regions due to a lack of infrastructure and 
difficulties in transporting natural gas. During periods of high volatility, trading natural gas and LNG 
contracts might become challenging due to reduced market participation. This can make it difficult to enter 
or exit positions quickly, potentially leading to losses. 
Repsol has entered into long-term contracts to purchase and sell LNG and natural gas with counterparties in 
various parts of the world. As a result, Repsol is at risk of a counterparty (supplier or customer) failing to 
fulfill their contractual obligations that can result in financial losses for the Group.  
Changing environmental regulations or trade policies can significantly impact the natural gas and LNG 
trading activity and therefore adversely impact profitability from operations. 
Furthermore, Repsol operates as well as enters into long-term storage and transportation agreements that are 
subject to disruptions and can further hinder the Group’s ability to fulfill its contractual obligations.

--- Page 27 ---
Page 27 
The occurrence of any of these risks could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position, and 
results of operations of Repsol. 
Operating risks related to industrial businesses and the marketing of the Group’s products. 
The refining, chemical, trading, and production and distribution activities related to oil derivative products, 
gas and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) renewable fuels, and chemical products produced from sustainable 
feedstocks, as well as the generation and commercialisation of electricity are exposed to risks which are 
inherent to their activities, including deviations in operational performance, supply chain risks, natural 
hazards and other uncertainties related to the products’ specific characteristics (flammability and toxicity), 
their use (including that of customers), emissions resulting from the production process (such as greenhouse 
gas effects), as well as the materials and waste used (dangerous waste, as well as water and energy 
management), which might impact health, safety and the environment. Repsol’s industrial and commercial 
assets, such as refineries, petrochemical complexes, regasification plants, power generation plants, bases and 
warehouses, port facilities, pipelines, ships, tanker trucks, service stations, etc.) are also exposed to accidents 
such as fires, explosions, leaks of toxic products, as well as large-scale contaminating environmental 
incidents. Such accidents may cause death and injury to employees, contractors, residents in surrounding 
areas, as well as damage to the assets and property owned by Repsol and third parties as well as damage to 
the environment and biodiversity. 
For example, on 15 January 2022, an oil spill occurred at Repsol’s facilities of La Pampilla Refinery in Peru 
while crude oil was being unloaded from the vessel Mare Doricum due to an uncontrolled movement of the 
vessel. The spill has impacted populations and the natural environment, as well as marine species on the 
Peruvian coasts. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the clean-up operations of the affected areas have 
been completed, while surveillance activities remain active together with the preparation of a rehabilitation 
plan, which defines the remediation methodologies necessary to achieve the recovery of the affected areas. 
Following the oil spill, the National Institute for the Defense of Competition and the Protection of Intellectual 
Property of Peru filed a civil lawsuit against the Guarantor, its subsidiaries Refinería La Pampilla, S.A.A. 
(RELAPASAA) and Repsol Comercial, S.A.C (RECOSAC), as well as the Mapfre insurance company and 
the shipping companies Fratelli d'amico Armatori and Transtotal Marítima, as operators of the ship, 
requesting compensation of U.S.$4,500 million for liabilities, U.S.$3,000 million of which correspond to 
direct damages and U.S.$1,500 million to moral damages suffered by consumers, users and third parties 
allegedly affected by the spill. Also, in relation to the spill, the Asociación Damnificados por Repsol has filed 
a lawsuit against RELAPASAA and the insurer Mapfre Perú, claiming 5,134 million soles (approximately 
€1,273 million) in favour of 10,268 allegedly affected persons. This lawsuit was dismissed by the competent 
judge on 13 April 2023. In addition, on 10 January 2024, Repsol Peru B.V. and subsequently, in the following 
days, RELAPASAA and the Guarantor received notice from a Dutch court of a lawsuit brought against the 
three companies by Stichting Environment and Fundamental Rights (SEFR), on behalf of almost 35,000 
parties allegedly affected by the spill for an amount that is not quantified in the lawsuit but that SEFR are 
estimating at no less than £1,000 million. Repsol Peru B.V., RELAPASAA and the Guarantor intend to assert 
that there is a lack of connection between the Dutch jurisdiction and the spill in Peru and, among other 
arguments, will highlight the similarities of this claim with that of the Asociación (which has already been 
dismissed). For further information, see Note 15 to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the 
year ended 31 December 2023. See also “Description of the Guarantor and the Group⸻Legal and 
Arbitration Proceedings―Peru”. There can be no assurance that any similar or other incident may occur and 
adversely impact Repsol’s business, results of operations or reputation.  
If any of these risks materialise, the activities of Repsol, its operational results and financial position could 
be significantly and adversely affected. 
Risks related to the Group’s low carbon power generation business.  
The Group’s low carbon power generation business is subject to particular risks, many of which are beyond 
Repsol’s control. The financial position and the results of the operations of such business can be affected by 
multiple factors, such as risks arising from uncertainty regarding future energy prices, the lack of access to

--- Page 28 ---
Page 28 
technical expertise which can affect the resource assessment and the deployment of renewable projects, the 
vulnerability of the renewable energy sector to supply chain risks in this challenging context (particularly 
core components that require rare earth minerals and specialised parts often sourced from geopolitically 
unstable regions), risks arising from potential adverse changes in public acceptance resulting in opposition 
to the construction of projects, adverse changes in country-specific policy support schemes, risks arising from 
the inefficient or intransparent administration regarding licensing and permitting of renewable energy 
projects resulting in delays and/or higher than expected costs or risks arising from limitations in grid 
management or infrastructure. 
The occurrence of any of these risks could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of Repsol. 
Repsol is subject to risks relating to project execution and supply chain.  
Repsol’s organic growth depends on its ability to build and maintain a resilient portfolio in a variety of market 
contexts, which entails the creation or development of a portfolio of high-quality assets resulting not only 
from an efficient selection process, but also from guaranteeing their execution, through their entire life, from 
their inception to their decommissioning.  
However, the execution of such projects, which is sometimes carried out in extremely challenging conditions, 
is exposed to risks of a diverse nature, including geological, technical, economic, commercial, legal and 
regulatory risks, as well as those related to safety, environmental, and sustainability.  
Furthermore, as project execution also depends on the performance of third parties (including suppliers of 
goods, services and equipment, partners in joint arrangements, associates, governments and other parties) 
which are not under the direct control of Repsol, the Group is exposed to execution and reputational risks 
through such entities. These risks may compromise the deliverability of goods and services, the compliance 
with pre-agreed budgets and deadlines, and the fulfilment of defined specifications and/or operational 
reliability of Repsol’s projects. Accordingly, this could prevent or otherwise adversely affect the successful 
execution of the Group’s projects under agreed technical and financial conditions, and, accordingly, have a 
negative impact on the value of the Group’s assets, results of operations and financial position.  
The supply chain risk events can occur as a result of a variety of causes, including but not limited to the 
socio-political context, labour conflicts, operational performance issues or accidents. Potential logistical 
restrictions arising from geopolitical instability or armed conflicts affecting the main global shipping routes 
may exacerbate supply chain bottlenecks and volatility in prices as well as the ability of manufacturers and 
contractors to deliver products, goods and services to meet project deadlines, all of which may impact not 
only project execution, but the performance of the Group’s business activities as well.  
In addition, the new global macroeconomic and energy environment is having an impact on supply prices, 
which may result in higher operating costs for the Group’s businesses and deviations in the amount of planned 
investments, as well as in the unavailability or scarcity of raw materials, or equipment, particularly those 
related to low-carbon power generation technologies and the production of renewable fuels, demand for 
which has risen amid the new global energy context. Repsol is also exposed to the reduced availability of 
skilled labour in the different links of the supply chain, which may lead to interruptions and delays in projects. 
The occurrence of any of these risks could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of Repsol. 
Risks related to operations carried out through joint arrangements and associate companies.   
Certain of the Repsol Group’s business opportunities and operations are conducted through joint 
arrangements and associates (for further information see Note 13 and Appendix II to the Guarantor’s 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023). There are certain risks that derive 
from these joint arrangements and associates, including risks relating to the potential unavailability of

--- Page 29 ---
Page 29 
qualified partners to jointly develop business opportunities or conflicting views on the business plans to be 
developed. If Repsol does not act as the operator on those projects or operations, its ability to control and 
influence the performance and management of the operations and to identify and manage risk is limited. 
Additionally, there is a possibility that any of Repsol’s partners or members of a joint venture or associated 
company terminates the agreement or fails to comply with its financial or other obligations, which, in turn, 
could damage Repsol’s reputation. Any such event could have an adverse impact on the business, financial 
position and results of operations of the Repsol Group.  
Risks related to information technology. 
The reliability and security of the Group’s information technology (IT) systems are critical to maintaining 
the availability of its business processes and the confidentiality and integrity of the data belonging to the 
Group and third parties. 
The Group is in particular exposed to: 
▪ 
unavailability of critical IT infrastructure (central and local, including owned or external 
infrastructure), as well as critical system services (internal and external applications/platforms); 
▪ 
dependence on the performance of third-party service providers and contractors; and 
▪ 
cyberattacks of any type, including contamination with malware affecting the availability and 
integrity of critical systems and its information, attacks specifically designed to target Repsol’s 
assets, theft of confidential information, theft of personal data, whether from customers, employees 
or other parties and external fraud through fraudulent mail, impersonation or phishing. 
Repsol may also be exposed to adverse outcomes regarding the development of new digital technologies, 
particularly generative artificial intelligence (AI) and there is no assurance that Repsol will not suffer 
economic and/or material losses in the future caused by such outcomes. The legal landscape and related 
ethical/reputational implications around AI technologies are complex and constantly evolving. Although the 
Group is implementing relevant risk management and governance protocols, the use of AI can produce 
negative consequences if it takes decisions without adequate human oversight or transparency, which may 
result in unpredictable outcomes and complex liability issues.  
Any such event could have an adverse effect on the business, financial position and results of operations of 
the Repsol Group. 
Risks related to the Group’s insurance coverage.  
Repsol holds insurance coverage against certain risks inherent in the energy industry in line with industry 
practice. Insurance coverage is subject to deductibles and limits that in certain cases may be materially 
exceeded by the losses and/or liabilities incurred. In addition, Repsol’s insurance policies contain exclusions 
that could leave the Group with limited coverage in certain circumstances. Repsol may also be unable to 
recover losses, in part or at all, in the event of the insolvency of its insurers. Furthermore, Repsol may not be 
able to maintain adequate insurance at rates or on terms considered reasonable or acceptable to Repsol, or be 
able to obtain insurance against certain risks that could materialise in the future. If Repsol were to experience 
an incident against which it is not insured, or the costs of which materially exceed its coverage, it could have 
an adverse effect on its business, financial position and results of operations. 
4.  
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
Risks related to administrative, judicial and arbitration proceedings. 
The Repsol Group is subject to the effects of administrative, judicial and arbitration proceedings, the scope, 
content and outcome of which cannot be predicted with precision. As of 31 December 2023, Repsol had

--- Page 30 ---
Page 30 
recorded provisions for administrative, judicial and arbitration proceedings amounting to €107 million 
(compared to €779 million as of 31 December 2022). For more information, see Note 15 to the Guarantor’s 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the section entitled “Description 
of the Guarantor and the Group⸻Legal and Arbitration Proceedings”. 
In addition, the Repsol Group is subject to the effects of administrative and judicial proceedings with tax 
implications arising between Repsol and the tax authorities with respect to the tax treatment applicable to 
certain operations that might be adverse to the Group’s interest and that have given rise to litigious situations 
that could result in contingent tax liabilities. It is difficult to predict when these tax proceedings will be 
resolved due to the extensive appeals process. As of 31 December 2023, Repsol had recorded tax provisions 
amounting to €2,947 million (compared to €1,703 million as of 31 December 2022). For more information, 
see Note 22.4 to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.  
Any current or future dispute inevitably involves a high degree of uncertainty and therefore any adverse 
outcome could affect the business, financial position and results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Risks related to the regulatory, tax framework and environmental and safety legislation of the Group’s 
operations. 
The energy industry and the Group’s activity is heavily and increasingly regulated. The regulatory framework 
to which the Group is currently subject affects aspects such as the environment (environmental product 
quality, air emissions, climate change and energy efficiency, extraction technologies, water discharges, 
remediation of soil and groundwater and the generation, storage, transport, treatment and final disposal of 
waste materials), competition, price control, taxation, employment, industrial safety and IT security, 
accounting and transparency regulations, labour regulations, ESG reporting regulations, commercial 
practices (including advertising communication) and data protection provisions, among others. Any changes 
that may be made to the applicable standards or their interpretation or any disputes relating to their 
compliance may adversely affect the business, results and financial position of the Repsol Group. 
Upstream activities are subject to extensive regulation and intervention by governments, such as the award 
of exploration and production permits, the imposition of specific drilling and exploration obligations, 
restrictions on production, price controls, divestments of assets, foreign currency controls, and the 
nationalisation, expropriation or cancellation of contractual rights. Repsol’s Upstream activities are described 
in “Information on the Guarantor and the Group—Business overview—Upstream”. 
Likewise, in the Industrial business segment, oil refining and petrochemical activities, in general, are subject 
to extensive government regulation and intervention in matters such as safety and environmental controls. 
Repsol’s Industrial activities are described in “Information on the Guarantor and the Group—Business 
overview—Industrial”. The Customer business segment, including retail of oil products, electricity and gas, 
are subject to extensive government regulation and intervention in matters such as safety as well as 
environmental, market and price controls. Repsol’s Customer activities are described in “Information on the 
Guarantor and the Group—Business overview— Customer”. In the Low Carbon Generation business, low 
carbon and renewable power generation activities, in general, are also subject to extensive government 
regulation. See “Information on the Guarantor and the Group—Business overview— Low Carbon 
Generation” for further information on Repsol’s Low Carbon Generation activities. 
Specifically, Repsol is subject to extensive environmental and safety regulations in all the countries in which 
it operates. These regulations affect, among other matters, Repsol’s operations, environmental quality 
standards for products, air emissions and climate change, energy efficiency, extraction technologies, water 
discharges, remediation of soil and groundwater and the generation, storage, transportation, treatment and 
final disposal of waste materials and safety.  
Repsol operates unconventional hydrocarbons activities in the United States. From an environmental and 
social standpoint, concern over the environmental impact of exploring for and producing these types of

--- Page 31 ---
Page 31 
resources could prompt governments and authorities to approve new regulations or impose new requirements 
on their development.  
In addition, the energy sector, and particularly the oil and gas industry, is subject to a unique tax framework. 
In Upstream activities it is common to see specific taxes on profit and production, and with respect to the 
Industrial, Customer and Low Carbon Generation activities, the existence of taxes on product consumption 
is also common.  
Moreover, as a response to the current economic outlook, the European Union has defined the general 
framework for an extraordinary and temporary tax on the profits of oil and gas companies (the so-called 
“windfall taxes”), leaving some margin for member states to define and approve their own levies (equivalent 
measures). Furthermore, in December 2022, the Spanish Parliament approved Law 38/2022, of December 
27, which, among other measures, created a temporary energy levy (Gravamen Temporal Energético, the 
GTE) that certain operators in the energy sectors must pay on a temporary basis for two years. The levy was 
initially intended to be a 1.2% on the net turnover from activity carried out in Spain for the years 2022 and 
2023 with certain adjustments. However, this levy has been also extended to cover 2024. Therefore, the GTE 
has been paid in 2023 and will be paid in 2024 and 2025. The GTE is currently under evaluation of its 
application and the possibility of making it permanent is being considered. Legal proceedings challenging 
the GTE were initiated by Repsol in 2023 in order to defend the Repsol Group’s interest.  
Repsol cannot predict changes to such laws or regulations or their interpretation, or the implementation of 
certain policies or taxes.  
Any such changes could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and results of operations 
of the Repsol Group.  
Risks related to sanctions.  
The European Union, its Member States, the United States of America and various other countries, as well 
as the United Nations, may impose economic and trade sanctions or embargoes with respect to certain 
countries in support of their respective foreign policy and security goals. These economic and trade sanctions 
or embargoes generate restrictions with respect to activities or transactions with countries, governments, 
entities or individuals that are the target of the corresponding sanctions, such as those related to activities in 
Venezuela or related to Russian counterparties.  
In relation to the international sanctions affecting the Venezuelan government and the Venezuelan state-
owned oil company PDVSA, in October 2023, the U.S. government granted a licence (GL 44), which allows 
any company in the oil and gas sector to carry out operations in Venezuela for a period of six months. GL 44 
represents a temporary relief from the sanctions regime and was granted following the agreement reached by 
the Venezuelan government and the Venezuelan opposition, which required the government to commit to 
holding democratic and free presidential elections in 2024, as well as addressing other political issues. On 18 
December 2023, Repsol and PDVSA signed a new management agreement for the Petroquirique joint venture 
in Venezuela to increase production and facilitate the recovery of the debt linked to these assets, without the 
need for additional investments by Repsol. On 30 January 2024, the U.S. government announced that in 
absence of progress between President Maduro and the Venezuelan opposition, particularly on allowing all 
presidential candidates to compete in this year’s election, the U.S. would not renew GL 44 when it expires 
on 18 April 2024. 
While Repsol has developed an Integrated Compliance Model and has procedures, processes and controls in 
place to prevent and mitigate the risk of international sanctions prior to the formalisation of a commercial 
relationship with a third party and during the execution of operations, as sanctions regulations are 
increasingly complex and constantly evolving, there is a risk that such measures may not always prove 
effective and there can be no assurance that Repsol’s operations will not be affected by international 
sanctions, which could have an adverse effect on its financial position, businesses, or results of operations.

--- Page 32 ---
Page 32 
Risks related to misconduct or violations of applicable legislation by Repsol or its employees. 
In the development of Repsol’s activities, its directors, executives and employees, who perform duties which 
involve relationships with counterparties such as authorities, partners and contractors, among others, could 
potentially commit breaches of the Group’s internal Ethics and Business Conduct Code, therefore failing to 
comply with the principles of corporate loyalty, good faith, integrity and respect for the law and the ethical 
values defined by the Group. Potential breaches include, but are not limited to, corruption or other criminal 
offences, fraudulent disclosure of financial or non-financial information, market manipulation, tax fraud and 
human rights violations. 
The existence of management or employee misconduct or breach of applicable legislation or the Group’s 
internal code, when occurring, could cause harm to the Group’s reputation, in addition to incurring sanctions 
and legal or criminal liability. 
5. 
FINANCIAL RISKS 
Market risk. 
Repsol’s results of operations and shareholders’ equity are exposed to market risks due to fluctuations in (i) 
commodity prices, (ii) the exchange rates of the currencies in which the Group operates, and (iii) interest 
rates. These risks are also particularly susceptible to geopolitical events, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine 
and the wider global economic environment. 
(i) 
Commodity price risk. In the normal course of operations and trading activities, the earnings of the 
Repsol Group are exposed to volatility in the price of oil, natural gas, CO2 emission allowances, 
electricity prices and related derivative products (see also “—Risks Related to Repsol’s Business 
Activities and Industry—Risks related to fluctuations in international commodity prices and 
demand” and “—Risks Related To Repsol’s Business Activities and Industry—Risks related to 
Repsol’s natural gas operations” above). Therefore, changes in prices of such products could have 
an adverse effect on the Repsol Group’s business, results and financial position. 
(ii) 
Exchange rate fluctuation risk. Fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect the results of 
transactions and the value of Repsol’s equity. In general, this exposure to fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates stems from the fact that the Group has assets, liabilities and cash flows denominated 
in a currency other than the functional currency of the Repsol Group. Cash flows generated by oil, 
natural gas and refined product sales are generally denominated in U.S. dollars. Repsol is also 
exposed to exchange risk in relation to the value of its financial assets and investments, 
predominantly those denominated in U.S. dollars. 
In addition, cash flows from transactions carried out in the countries where Repsol conducts its 
activities are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates of the respective local currencies 
against the major currencies in which the raw materials used as reference for the fixing of prices in 
the local currency are traded. Repsol’s financial statements are expressed in euros and, consequently, 
the assets and liabilities of subsidiary investee companies with a different functional currency are 
translated into euros. 
(iii) 
Interest rate risk. The market value of the Group’s net financing and net interest expenses could be 
affected as a consequence of interest rate fluctuations which could affect the interest income and 
interest cost of financial assets and liabilities tied to floating interest rates, as well as the fair value 
of financial assets and liabilities tied to a fixed interest rate.  
Although, when considered appropriate, Repsol may decide to hedge the interest rate risk by means 
of derivative financial instruments for which there is a liquid market, these hedging mechanisms are 
limited and, therefore, could be insufficient. Consequently, changes in interest rates could have an 
adverse effect on the Repsol Group’s business, results and financial position.

--- Page 33 ---
Page 33 
For further additional details on these financial risks, see Note 9 and Note 10, which includes the sensitivity 
of the net profit/loss and equity, to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2023 and 2022, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Credit risk. 
Credit risk is the risk of a third party failing to carry out its contractual obligations resulting in a cost or loss 
to the Group. 
The exposure of the Group to credit risk is mainly attributable to commercial debts from trading transactions, 
which are measured and controlled in relation to customers or individual third parties. To this end, the Group 
has, in line with best practices, its own systems for a constant monitoring of the creditworthiness of all its 
debtors and determining risk limits with respect to third parties. 
As a general rule, the Group establishes a bank guarantee issued by financial entities as the most suitable 
instrument of protection from credit risk. In some cases, the Group has taken out credit insurance policies to 
transfer partially the credit risk related to the commercial activity of some of its businesses to third parties. 
Additionally, the Group is exposed to counterparty risk derived from non-commercial contractual 
transactions that may lead to defaults. While in these cases, the Group analyses the solvency of counterparties 
with which the Group has or may have non-commercial contractual transactions and aims to obtain credit 
support in order to mitigate any potential consequences, any breach of payment obligations by Repsol’s 
customers and counterparties, in the agreed time frame and form, could result in an adverse effect on Repsol’s 
business, results or financial position. 
For further information see, Note 10.3 to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2023. 
Credit rating risk.  
Credit rating agencies regularly rate the Group, and their ratings are based on, among other things, external 
factors, such as the conditions that affect the oil and gas sector, the general state of the economy and the 
performance of the financial markets. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term credit ratings of the Guarantor are as follows: 
 
Standard & Poor’s 
Moody’s 
Fitch Ratings 
Long-term credit 
rating 
of 
the 
Guarantor 
BBB+ (stable outlook) 
Baa1 (stable outlook) 
BBB+ (stable outlook) 
Credit ratings affect the pricing and other conditions under which the Repsol Group is able to obtain 
financing. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Moreover, there has been an increasing regulatory and market focus on the impact of ESG factors on credit 
ratings in the recent past. As a global energy group, Repsol is particularly exposed to risks associated with 
climate change. See “—Risks Relating to Climate Change and to the Group’s Strategy—Risks related to 
climate change”. As a result, any risks associated with climate change or any failure by the Group (whether 
real or perceived) to mitigate such risks or to successfully execute its energy transition strategy could have 
an adverse effect on Repsol’s credit rating in the future.

--- Page 34 ---
Page 34 
Any downgrade in the credit rating of the Guarantor could restrict or limit the Group’s access to the financial 
markets, increase its new borrowing costs and have a negative effect on its liquidity. 
Liquidity risk. 
Liquidity risk is associated with the Group’s ability to finance its obligations at reasonable market prices, as 
well as its ability to carry out its business plans with stable financing sources. 
In the case that Repsol were unable to meet its needs for liquidity in the future or needed to be required to 
incur increased costs to meet them, this could have an adverse effect on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
For further information, see Note 10.2 to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2023. 
Achieving the Group’s sustainability performance targets may require the Group to expend significant 
resources, while not meeting any such targets would result in increased cost of funding and could expose 
the Group to reputational harm. 
In December 2019, Repsol became the first company in the oil and gas industry to announce its commitment 
to become a net zero emissions company by 2050, thereby initiating a strategic change of course. In order to 
facilitate the monitoring of progress towards this long-term ambition and for transparency purposes, the 
Group has developed a challenging roadmap with ambitious sustainability performance targets. 
These targets are linked to a number of key performance indicators and certain of such targets and key 
performance indicators are also included as SPTs (as defined in the Conditions) and KPIs (as defined below) 
in respect of Senior Notes that may be issued as SLNs (as defined in the Conditions) under the Programme. 
See Condition 4 of the Senior Notes for a definition of these SPTs and KPIs. 
Achieving these targets will require the Group to expend significant resources and the Group may be 
unsuccessful in doing so for reasons beyond the Group’s control, including, but not limited to: 
▪ 
changes in applicable regulatory or legal frameworks, including developments where such 
frameworks may incentivise a certain technology over another; 
▪ 
technology and regulation not being developed at the speed required by the Group’s transition 
targets; 
▪ 
limitation in the development of technologies due to lack of infrastructure; 
▪ 
inefficient, late or premature adoption of new practices, processes or development technologies; 
▪ 
lack of availability of raw materials; 
▪ 
supply chain issues; 
▪ 
difficulties in accessing technical expertise and skills to deploy new projects; and 
▪ 
failures in research and innovation processes resulting in lower technological efficiency. 
In addition, adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation 
of any investments the Group makes in furtherance of these targets or such investments may become 
controversial or criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders.

--- Page 35 ---
Page 35 
Moreover, if the Group does not achieve the relevant SPTs in respect of any SLNs or any such similar 
sustainability performance targets the Group may choose to include in any future financings, it would not 
only result in increased payments under the SLNs (either in the form of one or more interest rate step ups or 
in the form of one or more additional payments upon redemption) or such other financings but could also 
harm the Group’s reputation, the consequences of which could, in each case, have a material adverse effect 
on the Group, its business, financial position and results of operations.  
(II) RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
1. RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  
SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons and Talons are subordinated and 
unsecured. 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank junior to the claims of unsubordinated and other subordinated creditors of the Issuer, 
except for subordinated creditors whose claims are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes. 
See Condition 2 (Status and Subordination of the Securities and Coupons). By virtue of such subordination, 
in the event of an Issuer Winding-up (as described in the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes), the rights 
and claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, the Subordinated Notes and 
the Coupons and Talons will rank (i) junior to the claims of all holders of Senior Obligations of the Issuer, 
(ii) pari passu with all the claims of holders of Parity Obligations of the Issuer and (iii) senior to the claims 
of all holders of Junior Obligations of the Issuer (all these terms as defined in the Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes) and payments to a Noteholder of Subordinated Notes will only be made after, and any 
set-off by a Noteholder of Subordinated Notes shall be excluded until, all obligations of the Issuer resulting 
from higher ranking claims have been satisfied. A Noteholder of Subordinated Notes may therefore recover 
less than the holders of unsubordinated or other subordinated liabilities of the Issuer or for payments to the 
Noteholder of Subordinated Notes to be delayed compared to holders of such other claims. Subject to 
applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed to it 
by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue 
of being the holder of any Subordinated Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. Although 
subordinated debt securities may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable debt securities which are not 
subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in subordinated securities such as the Subordinated Notes 
will lose all or some of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
The Guarantee relating to the Subordinated Notes (the Subordinated Guarantee) is a subordinated and 
unsecured obligation. 
The Guarantor’s payment obligations under the Subordinated Guarantee will be unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Guarantor. In the event of the Guarantor being declared insolvent (concurso) under the 
Spanish Insolvency Law, the Guarantor’s payment obligations under the Subordinated Guarantee will, 
subject to mandatory provisions of Spanish applicable law, be subordinated in right of payment to the prior 
payment in full of all other liabilities of the Guarantor, except for obligations which rank equally with or 
junior to the Subordinated Guarantee. See Condition 3 (Guarantee, Status and Subordination of the 
Guarantee) of the Subordinated Notes. 
Pursuant to Article 435.3 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, subordination contractual arrangements will be 
recognised in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor provided that such contractual 
subordination does not prejudice any third parties and the debtor is part of the relevant subordination 
arrangement.

--- Page 36 ---
Page 36 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes are advised that unsubordinated liabilities of the Guarantor may also arise 
out of events that are not reflected on the balance sheet of the Guarantor including, without limitation, the 
issuance of guarantees on an unsubordinated basis. Claims made under such guarantees will become 
unsubordinated liabilities of the Guarantor that in the event of insolvency of the Guarantor will need to be 
paid in full before the obligations under the Subordinated Guarantee may be satisfied. 
There are no events of default under the Subordinated Notes. 
The Conditions of the Subordinated Notes do not provide for events of default allowing acceleration of the 
Subordinated Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to meet any 
obligations under the Subordinated Notes or the Subordinated Guarantee, as the case may be, including the 
payment of any interest, holders of the Subordinated Notes will not have the right to require the early 
redemption of the Subordinated Notes. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to the Noteholders 
(through, other than in limited circumstances, the Trustee only) for recovery of amounts owing in respect of 
any payment of principal or interest on the Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings to 
enforce such payment.  
The Subordinated Notes are undated securities. 
The Subordinated Notes are undated securities, with no specified maturity date. The Issuer is under no 
obligation to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes at any time and the Noteholders have no right to 
require redemption of the Subordinated Notes. Therefore, prospective investors should be aware that they 
may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Subordinated Notes for an indefinite period 
of time and may not recover their investment in the foreseeable future. 
The Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes under certain circumstances. 
Noteholders should be aware that the Subordinated Notes may, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole or in part, at their principal amount (plus any accrued and 
outstanding interest and any outstanding Arrears of Interest) on any date during the Relevant Period and on 
any Interest Payment Date thereafter. In addition, the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer, in whole or in part, at any time (other than during the Relevant Period and on any Par Redemption 
Dates set out in the relevant Final Terms) at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount (in each case, as defined 
in the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes). 
The redemption at the option of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Subordinated Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes or when the Issuer is perceived to 
be able to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Subordinated Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Subordinated Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Subordinated Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate of return. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, the Subordinated Notes are also subject to redemption in whole, but not in part, at the Issuer’s 
option upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event, and if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, a Capital Event, an Accounting Event or a Substantial Purchase Event (each as defined in the 
Conditions).  
The relevant redemption amount may be less than the then current market value of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
Page 37 
The Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes after a Tax Event relating to an intra-group loan. 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Subordinated Notes will be on-lent by the Issuer to the Subordinated 
Loan Borrower pursuant to a Subordinated Loan (as defined in the Conditions and relevant Final Terms of 
the Subordinated Notes). The Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes in whole, but not in part, in certain 
circumstances, including if, as a result of a Tax Law Change (as defined in the Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes), in respect of (i) the Issuer’s obligation to make any payment under the Subordinated Notes (including 
any Interest Payment) on the next following Interest Payment Date; or (ii) the obligation of the Subordinated 
Loan Borrower to make any payment in favour of the Issuer under the Subordinated Loan on the next 
following due date for such payment, the Issuer or the Subordinated Loan Borrower (as the case may be) 
would no longer be entitled to claim a deduction when computing its tax liabilities in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, in The Netherlands or in the Kingdom of Spain (as the case may be), or such entitlement is 
materially reduced.  
The direct connection between a Tax Event and the Subordinated Loan may limit the Issuer’s ability to 
prevent the occurrence of a Tax Event, and may increase the possibility of the Issuer exercising its option to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Event. 
The current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the Subordinated Notes as 
equity instruments may change which may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event. 
In June 2018, the IASB (International Accounting Standards Board) published the discussion paper 
DP/2018/1 on “Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity” (the DP/2018/1 Paper). In subsequent 
discussions, the IASB considered the classification of a financial instrument with a contractual obligation to 
deliver cash (or to settle it in such a way that it would be a financial liability) at the discretion of the issuer’s 
shareholders and tentatively decided to explore a factors-based approach to help an entity apply its judgement 
when classifying these types of financial instruments as financial liabilities or as equity. This assessment is 
needed to determine whether an entity has an unconditional right to avoid delivering cash (or settling a 
financial instrument in such a way that it would be a financial liability). The IASB tentatively decided in 
2021 not to implement the changes to the classification of financial instruments that only arise on liquidation 
of the entity that were contemplated in the DP/2018/1 Paper. These changes were not included in the related 
exposure draft published by the IASB in November 2023, although the exposure draft does suggest changing 
certain aspects of IAS 32 including the meaning of the term “liquidation” in connection with contingent 
settlement provisions. If similar proposals to those contemplated by the DP/2018/1 Paper are implemented 
or put forward in the future, or other changes are introduced as a result of the consultation being conducted 
on the current exposure draft, the IFRS equity classification of financial instruments such as the Subordinated 
Notes may change. If such a change leads to an Accounting Event, the Issuer will have the option to redeem, 
in whole but not in part, the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 6(d) (Redemption for Accounting 
Reasons) or substitute or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 12(e) (Substitution 
and Variation).  
The implementation of any of the proposals set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper or any other similar such proposals 
that may be made in the future, including the extent and timing of any such implementation, if at all, is 
uncertain. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the future classification of the Subordinated Notes 
from an accounting perspective or whether any such change may result in the occurrence of an Accounting 
Event. 
The Issuer has the right to defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer may, at its discretion, elect to defer (in whole or in part) any payment of interest on the 
Subordinated Notes. Any such deferral of interest payment shall not constitute a default for any purpose. See 
Condition 5 (Optional Interest Deferral). Any interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes the payment of 
which is deferred will, so long as the same remains outstanding, constitute Arrears of Interest. Arrears of 
Interest will be payable as outlined in Condition 5(b) (Optional Settlement of Arrears of Interest) and

--- Page 38 ---
Page 38 
Condition 5(c) (Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest). While the deferral of payment of interest 
continues, the Issuer is not prohibited from making payments on any instrument ranking senior to the 
Subordinated Notes or, in certain limited circumstances, on certain instruments ranking pari passu or junior 
to the Subordinated Notes (as further set out in Condition 5(c) (Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest)). 
In such event, the Noteholders are not entitled to claim immediate payment of interest so deferred. 
As a result of the interest deferral provision of the Subordinated Notes, the market price of the Subordinated 
Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which original issue discount 
or interest payments are not subject to such deferrals and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes 
in the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s financial condition. Investors should be aware that any deferral of 
interest payments may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Notes. 
Substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes. 
There is a risk that, after the issue of the Subordinated Notes, a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event, an 
Accounting Event or a Capital Event may occur which would entitle the Issuer, without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders, to substitute or vary the Subordinated Notes (including the 
substitution of the Subordinated Notes for securities issued by a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of the 
Guarantor resident in a taxing jurisdiction other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, The Netherlands or 
the Kingdom of Spain), subject to certain conditions intended to protect the interests of the Noteholders, so 
that after such substitution or variation the Subordinated Notes remain or become, as the case may be, eligible 
for the same or (from the perspective of the Issuer or the Guarantor) more favourable tax, accounting or 
ratings treatment than the treatment to which they were entitled prior to the relevant event occurring. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that if at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer is required to withhold on 
account of Taxes levied in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg on any payment under the Subordinated Notes 
issued by REF or The Netherlands on any payment under the Subordinated Notes issued by RIF, the relevant 
Issuer may, without any requirement for the consent of the Noteholders, substitute or vary the Subordinated 
Notes. 
In addition, the Conditions provide that the Issuer and the Guarantor may, without the consent of Noteholders 
and without the need for a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event, an Accounting Event or a Capital Event to 
occur, agree to substitute another company as principal debtor under the Subordinated Notes in place of the 
Issuer. 
Any such substitution or variation may have an adverse impact on the price of, and/or the market for, the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Changes in rating methodologies may lead to the early redemption of the Subordinated Notes. 
S&P, Moody’s and Fitch Ratings (in each case as defined in the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes) or 
any other credit rating agency specified in the relevant Final Terms may change, amend or clarify their rating 
methodology or may apply a different set of criteria after the Issue Date (due to changes in the rating 
previously assigned to the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or to any other reasons), and as a result the 
Subordinated Notes may no longer be eligible for the same or a higher amount of “equity credit” attributable 
to the Subordinated Notes at the date of their issue, in which case the Issuer may redeem all of the 
Subordinated Notes (but not some only), as provided in Condition 6(e) (Redemption for Rating Reasons). 
Any decline in the credit ratings of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor may affect the market value of the 
Securities. 
The rating expected to be granted by each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch Ratings or any other rating assigned 
to the Subordinated Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Subordinated Notes. A credit rating is not a statement as to the

--- Page 39 ---
Page 39 
likelihood of deferral of interest on the Subordinated Notes. Noteholders have a greater risk of deferral of 
interest payments than persons holding other securities with similar credit ratings but no, or more limited, 
interest deferral provisions. 
In addition, each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch Ratings, or any other rating agency may change its 
methodologies for rating securities with features similar to the Subordinated Notes in the future. This may 
include the relationship between ratings assigned to an issuer’s senior securities and ratings assigned to 
securities with features similar to the Subordinated Notes sometimes called “notching”. If the rating agencies 
were to change their practices for rating such securities in the future and the ratings of the Subordinated Notes 
were to be subsequently lowered, this may have a negative impact on the trading price of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
No limitation on issuing or guaranteeing senior or pari passu securities or other liabilities. 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities which the Issuer or the Guarantor may 
issue, incur or guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes or the 
Subordinated Guarantee (as the case may be). The issue of any such securities, the granting of any such 
guarantees or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by 
Noteholders on the insolvency, winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) and/or may increase the likelihood of a deferral of Interest Payments under the Subordinated 
Notes. 
If the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s financial condition were to deteriorate, the Noteholders could suffer 
direct and materially adverse consequences, including loss of interest and, if the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
were liquidated (whether voluntarily or not), the Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
Interest rate reset may result in a decline of yield. 
The Subordinated Notes pay interest at a fixed interest rate that will be reset during the term of the 
Subordinated Notes and therefore the Noteholders are exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels 
and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of 
the Subordinated Notes in advance. 
SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTES (SENIOR NOTES ONLY) 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets 
with sustainability characteristics.  
Any Senior Notes issued as SLNs may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any binding or non-binding 
standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics (either now or in the future). In particular, 
the SLNs are not being marketed as “green bonds”, “social bonds” or “sustainability bonds” as the net 
proceeds of the issue of the SLNs will be used for the Group’s general corporate purposes and are therefore 
not necessarily be used for the financing or refinancing of green, social or sustainable assets or projects. 
Accordingly, none of the Issuers or the Guarantor commits to (i) allocating the net proceeds specifically to 
projects or business activities meeting sustainability criteria or (ii) being subject to any other limitations or 
requirements regarding the use of proceeds that may be associated with green bonds, social bonds or 
sustainability bonds in any particular market.  
The KPIs and SPTs (as defined in the Conditions) are uniquely tailored to the Group’s business, operations 
and capabilities, and they do not easily lend themselves to benchmarking against similar sustainability 
performance targets, and the related performance, of other issuers. The SPTs, and, therefore, the payment of 
the Step Up Margin or Redemption Premium Amount as described in Conditions 5(b) and 6(c) of the Senior 
Notes, respectively, in the event of any failure to achieve such SPTs, depend on the Conditions of the Senior 
Notes issued as SLNs, including the definitions of (i) CII (Carbon Intensity Indicator), (ii) Scope 1+2 GHG 
Emissions, (iii) Renewable Energy Capacity, (iv) Renewable Fuels Capacity and (v) Renewable Hydrogen

--- Page 40 ---
Page 40 
Capacity (each defined as a KPI and further explained in the Conditions of the Senior Notes). These 
definitions have been developed by the Group and the KPIs and related SPTs will be calculated or measured 
in good faith by the Guarantor. The Guarantor’s definition and calculation of KPIs and SPTs may differ from 
how other issuers define or calculate similar key performance indicators or sustainability performance targets 
and there can be no assurance that the definitions or calculations used by the Guarantor will meet investor 
expectations or any binding or non-binding legal or industry standards regarding sustainability performance 
to which investors may be subject, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or other 
governing rules, or any investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental or sustainability impact. 
While the Group intends to achieve the relevant SPTs, there can be no assurance of the extent to which it 
will be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of such SPTs will meet 
investor expectations or any standards regarding sustainability performance as referred to above. 
In addition, any payment of the Step Up Margin as contemplated by Condition 5(b) of the Senior Notes or 
the Redemption Premium Amount as contemplated by Condition 6(c) of the Senior Notes will depend on the 
Group not achieving the relevant sustainability performance targets expressed as SPTs in the applicable Final 
Terms, which may be inconsistent with, or insufficient to satisfy, investors’ requirements or expectations.  
No assurance is or can be given to investors by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Trustee or 
the Assurance Provider that the SLNs will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such SLNs or the 
Group’s sustainability performance targets and none of the Dealers, the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the 
Calculation Agent (if any) will be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Trigger Event in relation to 
SLNs has occurred or will have any liability in respect thereof. 
The Guarantor has the right to recalculate KPIs, SPTs and Baselines in certain circumstances. 
The calculations of KPIs, SPTs and Baselines in relation to SLNs are carried out internally by the Guarantor, 
based on broadly accepted standards and will be verified externally by an Assurance Provider (as defined in 
the Conditions) under the standard for assurance over non-financial information “ISAE 3000” or similar 
industry-accepted standards.  
However, following the occurrence of a Recalculation Event, and for the purposes of calculating the KPI or 
SPT for any Reference Year, the Guarantor may recalculate the relevant KPI, SPT or Baseline in respect of 
the SLNs without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12 of the Senior Notes or otherwise. A Recalculation Event occurs if there is (i) a change in the Group’s 
perimeter due to, for example, acquisitions, mergers or disposal of assets, (ii) a change or amendment to 
applicable laws or regulations or (iii) a change to the methodology for calculation of a KPI or Baseline, 
among other things, and where such changes have a significant impact on the level of a KPI, SPT or Baseline. 
See Condition 4 of the Senior Notes for the definition of “Recalculation Event”. 
While an Independent External Verifier will need to review such recalculation and confirm that the 
Recalculated Value (as defined in the Conditions) is at least consistent with the level of ambition set by the 
initial SPT(s) of the relevant KPI, any such recalculation may be made without the prior consent or 
consultation of the Noteholders. In addition, there is no obligation on the Guarantor to recalculate KPIs, SPTs 
or Baselines following the occurrence of a Recalculation Event. 
Any such recalculation may impact, positively or negatively, the ability of the relevant Issuer to satisfy the 
relevant SPTs, which, in turn, may impact the application of the Step Up Margin or Redemption Premium 
Amount or the amount payable to Noteholders. Therefore, any such recalculation may have an adverse effect 
on the interests of the Noteholders and may adversely affect the market price of the SLNs.

--- Page 41 ---
Page 41 
Failure to satisfy the relevant SPTs may have a material impact on the market price of the SLNs. 
Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor has entered into any commitment or given any warranty that it 
will achieve the relevant SPTs. In the event of any failure to achieve such SPTs, the rights of Noteholders 
will be limited to the payment of the Step Up Margin or Redemption Premium Amount as described in in 
Conditions 5(b) and 6(c) of the Senior Notes. 
Any such failure will not result in an Event of Default under the SLNs, nor will the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor be required to repurchase or redeem such SLNs. Any failure to achieve the SPTs, or the 
expectation that such failure may or may not occur, may also have an adverse effect on the market value or 
the liquidity of the SLNs. 
GREEN BONDS (SENIOR NOTES ONLY) 
Risks related to Green Bonds.   
The net proceeds from the issue of any Notes will be on-lent by the relevant Issuer to, or invested by the 
relevant Issuer in, other companies within the Repsol Group, for use by such companies for general corporate 
purposes or any particular purpose defined in the applicable Final Terms of an issue or specifically to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Eligible Projects in accordance with the project and eligibility 
criteria set forth in the section entitled “The Group’s Energy Transition Financing Strategy”. If the net 
proceeds of an issue of Notes under the Programme are intended to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in 
part, Green Eligible Projects, such Notes will be identified as Green Bonds in the title of the Notes. 
Regardless of whether any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market, no assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers or the Trustee that the use of 
such proceeds for any Green Eligible Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any Green Eligible Projects.  
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of 
Green Bonds for Green Eligible Projects in the manner described in the section entitled “The Group’s Energy 
Transition Financing Strategy”, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject 
of, or related to, any Green Eligible Projects will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding 
legal standards regarding environmental or sustainable performance, or any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or other governing rules or any investment portfolio mandates. None of the Dealers, the 
Trustee, the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent (if any) is responsible for monitoring the use of proceeds 
of any such Green Bonds. In addition, there can be no assurance that such Green Eligible Projects will be 
completed within any specified period or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer.  
In addition, any failure to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds to such Eligible Green Projects will not 
result in an Event of Default under the Green Bonds nor will the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor be required 
to repurchase or redeem such Green Bonds.  
Any failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds in connection with Green Eligible Projects or 
any failure to meet, or continue to meet the eligibility criteria, or any such Green Bonds no longer being 
listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds which are intended 
by the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor to finance Green Eligible Projects or result in adverse consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 42 ---
Page 42 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves whether any Green Bonds issued pursuant to the 
Programme meet their requisite investment criteria and conduct any other investigations they deem necessary 
to reach their own conclusions as to the merits of investing in any such Green Bonds.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” 
or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as “green” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear consensus 
will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change.  
A basis for the determination for such a definition has been established in the EU with the publication in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the EU Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment. The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification 
system, or “taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining 
which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. On 1 January 2022, the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 entered into force, supplementing the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation by establishing the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under 
which an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate 
change adaption and for determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the 
other environmental objectives and on 1 January 2024, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2023/2486 of 27 June 2023 entered into force, supplementing the EU Taxonomy Regulation by establishing 
the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as 
contributing substantially to the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, to the transition 
to a circular economy, to pollution prevention and control, or to the protection and restoration of biodiversity 
and ecosystems and for determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the 
other environmental objectives. The EU Taxonomy Regulation has been and remains subject to further 
development by way of the implementation by the European Commission, through delegated regulations, of 
technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Any 
further delegated act that is adopted by the European Commission in the implementation of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation may evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities and other amendments to reflect 
technological progress, resulting in regular review to the relating screening criteria. In light of the continuing 
development of legal, regulatory and market convention in the green and sustainable market, no assurance is 
or can be given to investors that any project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible 
Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts 
will not occur during the implementation of any project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Eligible Projects. While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer and Guarantor for at least some of the Green 
Eligible Projects to be aligned with the EU Taxonomy Regulation, there can be no assurance as to the extent 
that they are or will be. 
Any such events or non-alignment, including with the EU Taxonomy Regulation, may have a material 
adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Green Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for 
Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Further, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed 
as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds was published in the Official Journal of 
the European Union on 30 November 2023 (the EU Green Bond Regulation). The EU Green Bond 
Regulation, which entered into force on 20 December 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024, 
introduces a voluntary label (the European Green Bond Standard) for issuers of “green” use of proceeds 
bonds where the proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU Taxonomy. Green 
Bonds issued under the Programme will not be issued in accordance with the European Green Bond Standard 
and are intended only to comply with the criteria and processes set out in the section entitled “The Group’s 
Energy Transition Financing Strategy”. It is not clear at this stage the impact which the European Green 
Bond Standard may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as the

--- Page 43 ---
Page 43 
Green Bonds) that do not meet such standard but it could reduce demand and liquidity for any Green Bonds 
issued under the Programme and their price. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given (whether by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the 
Dealers, the Arranger, the Issuing and Paying Agent or any other person) to investors that any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Projects will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such “green” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion, report, certification or validation of any third party in connection with the offering of Green 
Bonds or SLNs. 
In connection with Notes issued as Green Bonds or SLNs, no assurance or representation is given as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether 
or not solicited by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor) which may be made available in connection with the 
issue of any such Senior Notes. Any providers of opinions, certifications and validations in relation to bonds 
with sustainability characteristics are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. Any such opinion or certification (including, but not limited to, the Assurance Report (as defined 
in Condition 4 of the Senior Notes (Sustainability-Linked Notes)) or the allocation report to be issued in 
relation to Green Bonds and referred to in the section entitled “The Group’s Energy Transition Financing 
Strategy”) is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Trustee, the Dealers, the Assurance Provider, any other providers of opinions, certifications and validations 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold such Senior Notes. Noteholders have no recourse against the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Dealers, the Assurance Provider, any other providers of opinions, 
certifications and validations or any other person for the contents of any such opinion or certification, which 
is only current as at the date it was initially issued. 
2. RISKS RELATED TO AN ISSUE OF NOTES 
Risks related to exchange rates and exchange controls. 
The principal of, or any interest on, Notes may be payable in, or determined by reference to, one or more 
Specified Currencies. For Noteholders whose financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Noteholder’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency in which the related Notes 
are denominated, an investment in such Notes entails significant risks that are not associated with a similar 
investment in a Note denominated and payable in such Noteholder’s Currency.  
Such risks include the possibility of significant changes in the rate of exchange between the applicable 
Specified Currency and the Noteholder’s Currency and the possibility of the imposition or modification of 
exchange controls by authorities with jurisdiction over such Specified Currency or the Noteholder’s 
Currency. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and political 
events over which Repsol has no control.  
Government or monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, exchange 
controls that could affect exchange rates as well as the availability of the Specified Currency in which a Note 
is payable at the time of payment of the principal or interest in respect of such Note. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes referencing such 
benchmarks.  
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are 
the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. This has 
resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have

--- Page 44 ---
Page 44 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the BMR) and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the he European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK BMR) apply to “contributors”, 
“administrators” and “users” of “benchmarks” in the EU and the UK, respectively and could have a material 
impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR or the UK BMR. Such changes 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. On 11 May 2021, the working group on Euro risk-free 
rates (Working Group) published its recommendations on Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) 
fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 May 2023, the Working Group published further guidance to 
supplement its earlier recommendations and on 4 December 2023, the Working Group issued its final 
statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
EURIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” 
are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory reform. Following the implementation of any 
such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, with the result that they 
may perform differently than in the past, or benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be other 
consequences which cannot be predicted.  
The potential elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, 
could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any 
Notes referencing such benchmark.  
Under the Conditions, certain replacement provisions will apply if a benchmark (or any component part 
thereof) used as a reference for the calculation of interest amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes 
were to be discontinued or otherwise become unavailable. See the Conditions of the Senior Notes 5(b) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation) and the Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes 4(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation) and 4(g) (Definitions). 
For example, where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances 
where such Original Reference Rate is unavailable, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or 
replacement may be available, in which case the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. Where such quotations are 
not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for the determination of such 
Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was unavailable.  
Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference 
banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely 
affect the value of, and return on, the floating rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(k) of the Senior Notes and Condition 4(i) of the 
Subordinated Notes) occurs (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of an 
Original Reference Rate), the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate. If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, it may 
be necessary to make Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 5(k)(iv) of the Senior Notes 
and 4(i)(iv) of the Subordinated Notes. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to be referenced.

--- Page 45 ---
Page 45 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the relevant ISDA Definitions. Where the 
Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined 
by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks.  
If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as 
applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of 
Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the BMR or UK BMR reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer. 
The Conditions provide that, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, Notes may be subject to early 
redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer in certain circumstances. See Condition 6 of the relevant Notes 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options). An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market 
value. During any period when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those 
Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Risks related to Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Senior Notes referencing SONIA. 
In respect of Senior Notes only, investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to 
SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to the London Interbank 
Offered Rate. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s 
forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). As a result, the market or a significant 
part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions 
and used in relation to Senior Notes that reference a SONIA rate issued under this Base Prospectus. Interest 
on Senior Notes which reference a SONIA rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant 
Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in the Senior Notes which reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which 
will be payable on such Senior Notes. 
Furthermore, interest on Senior Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Senior Notes which reference a SONIA rate to reliably 
estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Senior Notes, and some investors may be

--- Page 46 ---
Page 46 
unable or unwilling to trade such Senior Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Senior Notes. Further, if Senior Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 9 (Events of Default) are 
redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest 
Period in respect of such Senior Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Senior Notes 
referencing a SONIA rate. 
Further, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Senior Notes, the trading price 
of such Senior Notes linked to SONIA may be lower than those of Senior Notes linked to indices that are 
more widely used. Investors in such Senior Notes may not be able to sell such Senior Notes at all or may not 
be able to sell such Senior Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
relevant Senior Notes. 
Risks related to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the relevant Issuer has the right to 
effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of Senior Notes since 
the relevant Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread 
on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than 
the rates on other Notes. If the relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Risks related to Specified Denominations. 
The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination shown in the relevant Final Terms. Such Final Terms 
may also state that the Notes will be tradable in the Specified Denomination and integral multiples in excess 
thereof but which are smaller than the Specified Denomination. Where such Notes are traded in the clearing 
systems, it is possible that the clearing systems may process trades which could result in amounts being held 
in denominations smaller than the Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are required to be issued in relation to such Notes, a holder who does not hold a principal 
amount of Notes at least equal to the Specified Denomination in their account at the relevant time, may not 
receive all of their entitlement in the form of Definitive Notes and, consequently, may not be able to receive 
interest or principal in respect of all of their entitlement, unless and until such time as their holding becomes 
at least equal to the Specified Denomination.  
Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation.  
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the 
Senior Guarantee and the Subordinated Guarantee, as applicable, should be characterised as an indemnity 
and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties,

--- Page 47 ---
Page 47 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having power to tax.  
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event 
that the Spanish Tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively assumed 
all the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the Senior 
Guarantee and the Subordinated Guarantee, as applicable, they may attempt to impose withholding tax in the 
Kingdom of Spain (currently, at a 19% rate) on any payments made by the Guarantor in respect of interest.  
Such interest withholding tax would not apply, among other things, when the recipient is either (a) resident 
for tax purposes in a Member State of the European Union (other than the Kingdom of Spain) or in a member 
State of the European Economic Area (other than the Kingdom of Spain) with which there is an effective 
exchange of information, not acting through a territory considered as a non-cooperative jurisdiction pursuant 
to Spanish law nor through a permanent establishment in the Kingdom of Spain, provided that such person 
submits to the Guarantor the relevant tax residence certificate, issued by the competent tax authorities, (b) 
resident in a country which has entered into a Tax Treaty with the Kingdom of Spain which provides for the 
exemption from withholding of interest paid under the Notes, provided that such person submits to the 
Guarantor the relevant tax resident certificate, issued by the competent tax authorities, or (c) a Spanish 
Corporate Income Taxpayer, provided that the Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
as initially envisaged.  
Finally, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014 of 26 June, on supervision and solvency of credit entities 
(Law 10/2014), would apply to the Subordinated Notes and payments of interest in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes will be made without withholding tax in Spain provided that the Paying Agent provides 
the Guarantor in a timely manner with a certificate containing certain information in accordance with section 
44 paragraph 5 of the Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July (Royal Decree 1065/2007) relating to the 
Subordinated Notes. See “Taxation—The Kingdom of Spain—Payments made by the Guarantor”. 
This information must be provided by the Paying Agent to the Guarantor, before the close of business on the 
Business Day (as defined under the Terms and Conditions) immediately preceding the date on which any 
payment of interest under the Subordinated Guarantee, principal or of any amounts in respect of the early 
redemption of the Subordinated Notes (each a Payment Date) is due. The Issuers, the Guarantor and the 
Paying Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the 
Subordinated Notes. If, despite these procedures, the relevant information is not received by the Guarantor 
on each Payment Date, the Guarantor will withhold tax at the then-applicable rate (currently 19%) from any 
payment of interest in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes. None of the Issuers or the Guarantor will 
pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
While the Agency Agreement provides that the Paying Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the 
relevant procedures to deliver the required information concerning the Subordinated Notes to the Guarantor 
in a timely manner, none of the Issuers or the Guarantor can give any assurance that the Paying Agent will 
comply with such procedures. In addition, these procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented to 
reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or an administrative interpretation thereof, 
among other reasons. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Paying Agent assumes any responsibility 
therefor. 
In any case, prospective purchasers of the Subordinated Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to the 
consequences under the tax laws of the Kingdom of Spain of receiving payments of interest under the 
Subordinated Notes. 
It may be difficult for Noteholders to enforce judgments obtained before English courts against RIF in 
the Netherlands or REF in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Following the UK departure from the European Union, the main EU instruments on jurisdiction and

--- Page 48 ---
Page 48 
enforcement of judgments – namely Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 (the Recast Brussels Regulation) and 
the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial 
Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) – no longer apply to civil and 
commercial cases commenced in the UK on or after 1 January 2021. 
As a result, persons enforcing a judgment obtained before English courts can no longer benefit from the 
recognition of such judgment in EU courts (including the Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and 
the Kingdom of Spain) under the Recast Brussels Regulation or the Lugano Convention. While the UK 
applied to re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an independent contracting state, the European Union 
rejected the UK’s accession on 4 May 2021. As the agreement of all participating states of the Lugano 
Convention is necessary for such accession, the rejection of the European Union means that the United 
Kingdom cannot accede to the Lugano Convention for the time being. 
On 28 September 2020, the UK deposited its instrument of accession to the Hague Convention on Choice of 
Court Agreements 2005 (the Hague Convention). The Hague Convention is an international convention 
which requires contracting states to recognise and respect exclusive jurisdiction clauses in favour of other 
contracting states and to enforce related judgments. While the UK’s accession to the Hague Convention 
preserves the status quo between the UK and the EU in many respects as to matters of jurisdiction and 
enforcement, the scope of the Hague Convention is limited to contracts with exclusive jurisdiction clauses 
and there is no assurance that such judgments will be recognised on exactly the same terms and in the same 
conditions as under the Recast Brussels Regulation. In addition, it is unlikely that so-called “asymmetric 
exclusive jurisdiction” clauses, such as Condition 18(b) of the Senior Notes and Condition 17(b) of the 
Subordinated Notes would be considered “exclusive” for the purposes of the Hague Convention. 
Therefore, unless and until the UK is able to accede to the Lugano Convention in the future, and if 
proceedings fall outside the scope of the Hague Convention, then UK and EU member state courts will have 
recourse to their own domestic laws and conflict of law rules to determine questions of jurisdiction and 
enforceability of judgments. For example, it is expected that a final and conclusive civil judgment for the 
payment of money rendered by a court in England against the Guarantor under the Notes which is enforceable 
in England should be capable of being recognised and enforced by the Spanish courts according and subject 
to the limitations set forth in articles 41 et seq. of the Spanish Law on International Legal Cooperation in 
Civil Matters (Ley de Cooperación Jurídica Internacional en materia civil) and article 523 of the Spanish 
Law of Civil Procedure (Ley de Enjuiciamiento Civil).  
Conversely, any such judgment obtained against RIF or REF, as applicable, will, in principle, neither be 
recognised nor enforceable in the Netherlands or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.  
However, with regards to Notes issued by RIF, according to Dutch case law, a final judgment obtained in an 
English court with respect to the obligations of RIF under the Notes may be relitigated before a competent 
Dutch court and would generally be recognized by a Dutch court of competent jurisdiction, subject to the 
following conditions:  
(a) 
the jurisdiction of the court that rendered the judgment has been based on a ground of 
jurisdiction that is generally acceptable according to international standards; 
(b) 
that judgment results from judicial proceedings that meet the requirements of proper and 
sufficiently safeguarded judicial procedure; 
(c) 
the recognition of that judgment does not conflict with Dutch public policy; and  
(d) 
that the judgment is not inconsistent with a judgment rendered by a Dutch court between the 
same parties, or with a previous judgment rendered by a foreign court between the same

--- Page 49 ---
Page 49 
parties in a dispute concerning the same subject and relying on the same cause, provided that 
such previous judgment qualifies for recognition in the Netherlands.  
However, recognition by the competent Dutch court may be prevented on the ground that the relevant 
judgment is not, not yet or no longer formally enforceable according to the law of origin. 
With regards to Notes issued by REF, according to Luxembourg case law, a valid judgment obtained from a 
court of competent jurisdiction in England outside the scope of the Hague Convention would be recognised 
and enforced by the courts of Luxembourg, without reconsideration of the merits, subject to the following 
conditions: 
(a) 
the judgment of the foreign court must be enforceable (exécutoire) in the jurisdiction in 
which the judgment was rendered; 
(b) 
the foreign court must have had jurisdiction according to the Luxembourg conflict of 
jurisdictions rules;  
(c) 
the foreign court must have applied to the matter submitted to it the proper law designated 
by the Luxembourg conflict of laws rules (although some first instance decisions rendered 
in Luxembourg – which have not been confirmed by the Court of Appeal – no longer apply 
this condition); 
(d) 
the judgment of the foreign court must not have been obtained by fraud, but in compliance 
with the procedural rules of the jurisdiction in which the judgment was rendered, in 
particular, in compliance with the rights of the defendant; and 
(e) 
the judgment of the foreign court must not be contrary to Luxembourg international public 
policy (ordre public international), which includes the fundamental concepts of 
Luxembourg Law that the courts of Luxembourg may deem to be of such significance so as 
to exclude the recognition of any foreign judgement deemed to be contrary in its results to 
those fundamental concepts. 
Therefore, the enforcement by Noteholders in the Netherlands of a judgment obtained against RIF, or in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg of a judgment obtained against REF, in the courts of England may be difficult 
and could be subject to significant delays and costs. 
Risks related to preservation of business procedures applicable to Repsol Europe Finance. 
The Luxembourg law dated 7 August 2023 on the preservation of businesses and modernising bankruptcy 
law (the Luxembourg Insolvency Modernisation Law) implemented the possibility for companies to apply 
for a judicial reorganisation (réorganisation judiciaire) and benefit from a stay (sursis).  
In case of opening of this proceeding, the relevant Issuer can, if this is imperatively required for the 
reorganisation of its business, suspend unilaterally the execution of its obligations during the stay granted by 
the court, without the Noteholders being able to accelerate and terminate the Notes. 
Liquidity risks. 
The Notes may not have an established trading market when issued. There can be no assurance of a secondary 
market for the Notes or the continued liquidity of such market if one develops. The secondary market for the 
Notes will be affected by a number of factors independent of the creditworthiness of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor, the method of calculating the principal or any interest to be paid in respect of such Notes, the time 
remaining to the maturity of such Notes, the outstanding amount of such Notes, any redemption features of

--- Page 50 ---
Page 50 
such Notes, direction and volatility of market interest rates generally. Such factors will also affect the market 
value of the Notes.  
In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, and may therefore 
have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise their 
anticipated yield. No investor should purchase Notes unless such investor understands and is able to bear the 
risk that certain Notes may not be readily saleable, that the value of Notes will fluctuate over time and that 
such fluctuations may be significant.  
The prices at which Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other instruments issued at a substantial discount from 
their principal amount payable at maturity, trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate more in relation 
to general changes in interest rates than do such prices for conventional interest-bearing securities of 
comparable maturities.  
Investors whose investment activities are subject to legal investment laws and regulations or to review or 
regulation by certain authorities may be subject to restrictions on investments in certain types of debt 
securities. Investors should review and consider such restrictions prior to investing in the Notes. 
Risks related to ratings of the Notes. 
The ratings ascribed to the Notes, if any, reflect only the views of the rating agencies and, in assigning the 
ratings, the rating agencies take into consideration the credit quality of the Issuers and the Guarantor (i.e., 
their ability to pay their debts when due) and structural features and other aspects of the transaction. These 
credit ratings may not, however, fully reflect the potential impact of risks relating to structure, market or 
other factors discussed in this Base Prospectus on the value of the Notes. 
There can be no assurance that any such ratings will continue for any period of time or that they will not be 
reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies (or any of them) as a result of 
changes in, or unavailability of, information or if, in the rating agencies’ judgment, circumstances so warrant. 
If any rating assigned to the Notes is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. 
Future events, including events affecting the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Repsol Group and/or 
circumstances relating to the oil industry generally could have a material adverse impact on the ratings of the 
Notes. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and will depend, among other things, on 
certain underlying characteristics of the business and financial position of either of the Issuers and/or the 
Guarantor, as applicable.   
Risks related to modification, waivers and substitution. 
The Conditions contain provisions for the calling of meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to 
(i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of, any breach or proposed breach of any of the 
provisions of Notes, or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or 
potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal 
debtor under any Notes in place of the relevant Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 12 of the 
relevant Notes. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the price of the Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
Page 51 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below, which have been filed with the CSSF, shall be deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. As long as any of the Notes are outstanding, this Base 
Prospectus, any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and each document incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus will be available for inspection, free of charge, at the specified offices of each of the Issuers, 
during normal business hours, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com and on 
the website of the Guarantor at:  
(A)  
The audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes to such financial statements, the 
auditors’ report thereon and the Consolidated Management Report of Repsol, S.A. as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2023 (the Annual Report 2023): 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/en_gb/accionistas-e-inversores/informes-
anuales/2023/consolidated-annual-financial-report-2023.pdf  
(B) 
The audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes to such financial statements, the 
auditors’ report thereon and the Consolidated Management Report of Repsol, S.A. as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 (the Annual Report 2022): 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/en_gb/accionistas-e-
inversores/resultados/2022/q4/consolidated-annual-financial-report-2022.pdf   
(C) 
Information on oil and gas exploration and production activities (unaudited information) as of and 
for 2023:  
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/en_gb/accionistas-e-
inversores/cnmv/2024/ori22022024-information-on-the-repsol-group-oil-and-gas-exploration-and-
production-activities.pdf      
(D) 
The audited annual accounts of REF, including the notes to such annual accounts and the audit 
report thereon, as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023: 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/es/accionistas-e-inversores/pdf/cuentas-
anuales-ref-2023.pdf  
(E) 
The audited annual accounts of REF, including the notes to such annual accounts and the audit 
report thereon, as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022: 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/es/accionistas-e-inversores/pdf/cuentas-
anuales-repsol-europe-finance-2022.pdf 
(F) 
The audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023: 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/es/accionistas-e-inversores/rif/2023/cuentas-
anuales-rif-2023.pdf   
(G) 
The audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022: 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/es/accionistas-e-inversores/pdf/cuentas-
anuales-rif.pdf 
(H) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 84 to 122 of the base prospectus dated 7 May 2021 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/en_gb/accionistas-e-inversores/pdfs/base-
prospectus-folleto-base-registrado-fecha-07-mayo-2021_tcm14-213913.PDF 
(I) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 69 to 97 of the base prospectus dated 3 April 2020 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”:

--- Page 52 ---
Page 52 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/es/accionistas-e-
inversores/rif/2020/rif03042020-prospectus-folleto-base-registrado-fecha-3-abril-2020.pdf   
(J) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 63 to 85 of the base prospectus dated 4 April 2019 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/es/accionistas-e-inversores/pdf/Repsol-
international-finance-base-prospectus-040419_tcm13-151786.pdf  
(K) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 65 to 86 of the base prospectus dated 26 September 2016 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/es/accionistas-e-
inversores/pdf/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2016_tcm13-43655.pdf  
(L) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 65 to 86 of the base prospectus dated 22 September 2015 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/es/accionistas-e-
inversores/pdf/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2015__tcm13-71226.pdf  
(M) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 90 to 111 of the base prospectus dated 30 May 2014 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/es/accionistas-e-
inversores/pdf/REP_2014_EMTN_Base_Prospectus_registered_tcm13-63565.pdf   
The page references indicated for documents (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F) and (G) below are to the page 
numbering of the electronic copies of such documents as available at the links set forth above. 
Information incorporated by reference  
Page 
references 
 
 
 
(A) 
The audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes to such financial statements, 
the auditors’ report thereon, and the Consolidated Management Report of Repsol, S.A. as of 
and for the year ended 31 December 2023:  
 
(a) 
Independent auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements  
3-15 
(b) 
Consolidated financial statements of Repsol, S.A. and Investees comprising the Repsol 
Group for the financial year 2023: 
16-150 
- 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2023 and 2022
 .......................................................................................................................  
18 
- 
Income statement for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022
 .......................................................................................................................  
19 
- 
Statement of recognized profit or loss for the years ended 31 December 
2023 and 2022
 .......................................................................................................................  
20 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 
2022
 .......................................................................................................................  
21 
- 
Statement of cash flows for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022
 .......................................................................................................................  
22 
- 
Notes to the 2023 financial statements
 .......................................................................................................................  
23-107 
 
Appendix I – Segment reporting and reconciliation with (IFRS-EU) 
financial statements
 .......................................................................................................................  
108-110 
- 
Appendix IIA – Companies comprising the Repsol Group 
 .......................................................................................................................  
111-124

--- Page 53 ---
Page 53 
- 
Appendix IIB – Joint operations of the Repsol Group at 31 December 2023
 .......................................................................................................................  
125-128 
- 
Appendix IIC – Main changes in the perimeter of the Group in 2023
 .......................................................................................................................  
129-136 
- 
Appendix III – Regulatory framework
 .......................................................................................................................  
137-150 
(c) 
Management Report 2023: 
151-528 
- 
1.- 2023 Overview
 .......................................................................................................................  
161-163 
- 
2.- Our Company
 .......................................................................................................................  
165-171 
- 
3.- Environment
 .......................................................................................................................  
172-174 
- 
4.-  Financial performance and shareholder remuneration 
 .......................................................................................................................  
175-179 
- 
5.- Performance of our business
 .......................................................................................................................  
180-203 
- 
6.- Outlook 
 .......................................................................................................................  
204-207 
- 
7.- Sustainability 
 .......................................................................................................................  
208-275 
- 
Appendix I:  Table of conversions and abbreviations 
 .......................................................................................................................  
277 
- 
Appendix II:  Alternative Performance Measures 
 .......................................................................................................................  
278-288 
- 
Appendix III:  Consolidated Financial Statements – Repsol reporting model 
 .......................................................................................................................  
289-290 
- 
Appendix IV: Risks
 .......................................................................................................................  
291-296 
- 
Appendix V:  Additional information on Sustainability (includes Non-
Financial Statement) 
297-386 
- 
Appendix VI:  Annual Corporate Governance Report 2023
 .......................................................................................................................  
387 
- 
Appendix VII:  Annual Report on the Renumeration of Directors 2023
 .............................................................................................................................. 
388-528 
 
(B) 
The audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes to such financial statements, the 
auditors’ report thereon, and the Consolidated Management Report of Repsol, S.A. as of and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022: 
 
(a) 
Independent auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements  
3-14 
(b) 
Consolidated financial statements of Repsol, S.A. and Investees comprising the Repsol 
Group for the financial year 2022: 
15-134 
- 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2022 and 2021
 .............................................................................................................................................. 
16 
- 
Income statement for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021
 .............................................................................................................................................. 
17 
- 
Statement of recognized profit or loss for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021
 .............................................................................................................................................. 
18 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021
 .............................................................................................................................................. 
19

--- Page 54 ---
Page 54 
- 
Statement of cash flows for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021
 .............................................................................................................................................. 
20 
- 
Notes to the 2022 financial statements
 .............................................................................................................................. 
21-100 
 
Appendix I – Segment reporting and reconciliation with (IFRS-EU) financial 
statements
 .............................................................................................................................. 
101-102 
- 
Appendix IIA – Companies comprising the Repsol Group 
 .............................................................................................................................. 
103-113 
- 
Appendix IIB – Joint operations of the Repsol Group at 31 December 2022
 .............................................................................................................................. 
114-119 
- 
Appendix IIC – Main changes in the perimeter of the Group in 2022
 .............................................................................................................................. 
119-123 
- 
Appendix III – Regulatory framework
 .............................................................................................................................. 
124-134 
(c) 
Management Report 2022: 
135-435 
- 
1.- 2022 Overview
 .............................................................................................................................. 
144-147 
- 
2.- Our Company
 .............................................................................................................................. 
148-154 
- 
3.- Environment
 .............................................................................................................................. 
155-158 
- 
4.- Financial performance and shareholder remuneration 
 .............................................................................................................................. 
159-164 
- 
5.- Performance of our business
 .............................................................................................................................. 
165-184 
- 
6.- Sustainability 
 .............................................................................................................................. 
185-254 
- 
7.- Outlook 
 .............................................................................................................................. 
255-259 
- 
Appendix I:  Table of conversions and abbreviations 
 .............................................................................................................................. 
261 
- 
Appendix II:  Alternative Performance Measures 
 .............................................................................................................................. 
262-270 
- 
Appendix III:  Consolidated Financial Statements – Repsol reporting model 
 .............................................................................................................................. 
271-272 
- 
Appendix IV: Risks
 .............................................................................................................................. 
273-277 
- 
Appendix V:  Additional information on Sustainability (includes Non-Financial 
Statement) 
278-357 
- 
Appendix VI:  Annual Corporate Governance Report 2022
 .............................................................................................................................. 
358 
- 
Appendix VII:  Annual Report on the Renumeration of Directors 2022
 .............................................................................................................................................. 
359-487 
 
 
(C) 
Information on oil and gas exploration and production activities (unaudited information) as of and 
for 2023: 
 
- 
About this report
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
3 
- 
Information on acreage
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
4-5

--- Page 55 ---
Page 55 
- 
Production
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
6 
- 
Exploration and development activities
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
7 
- 
Net proved oil and gas reserves
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
8-14 
- 
Standardized future cash flows
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
15-18 
- 
Results of oil and gas exploration and production activities
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
19-21 
- 
Investments
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
22-25 
 
 
(D) 
The audited annual accounts of REF, including the notes to such annual accounts and the audit 
report thereon, as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 
 
- 
Management report
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
3-11 
- 
Audit report 
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
12-16 
- 
Balance Sheet
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
17-22 
- 
Profit and loss account
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
23-25 
- 
Notes to the annual accounts
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
26-40 
- 
2023 Appropriation of the results
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
41-42 
 
 
(E) 
The audited annual accounts of REF, including the notes to such annual accounts and the audit 
report thereon, as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022:  
 
- 
Balance Sheet
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
1-5 
- 
Profit and loss account
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
6-7 
- 
Standard chart of accounts
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
8-37 
- 
Management report
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
38-48 
- 
Audit report 
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
49-53 
- 
Notes to the annual accounts
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
54-67 
- 
2022 Appropriation of the results
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
68-69 
- 
Standard Mapping Table 
 ................................................................................................................................................. 
70-96 
 
 
(F) 
The audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023  
 
- 
Management Board Report 2023
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
3-12

--- Page 56 ---
Page 56 
- 
Statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
14 
- 
Statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2023
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
15 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2023
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
16 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2022
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
17 
- 
Statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2023
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
18 
- 
Notes to the Financial Statements
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
19-47 
- 
Other information
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
48-49 
- 
Independent auditors’ report 
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
50-59 
 
 
(G) 
The audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022: 
 
- 
Management Board Report 2022
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
3-13 
- 
Statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
15 
- 
Statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2022
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
16 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2022
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
17 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2021
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
18 
- 
Statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2022
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
19 
- 
Notes to the Financial Statements
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
20-49 
- 
Other information
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
50-51 
- 
Independent auditors’ report 
 ...............................................................................................................................................  
52-61 
 
 
The page references indicated for document (D) are to the page numbering of the electronic copy of such document 
as available at the link set forth above. 
 
 
 
(H) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 84 to 122 of the base prospectus dated 7 May 2021 relating 
to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”
 ....................................................................................................................................................................  
84-122 
(I) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 69 to 97 of the base prospectus dated 3 April 2020 relating to 
the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”
 ....................................................................................................................................................................  
69-97 
(J) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 63 to 85 of the base prospectus dated 4 April 2019 relating to 
the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”
 ....................................................................................................................................................................  
63-85

--- Page 57 ---
Page 57 
The base prospectuses dated 30 May 2014, 22 September 2015, 26 September 2016, 4 April 2019, 3 April 
2020 and 7 May 2021 are not incorporated by reference, save for the terms and conditions set out in them. 
Apart from this information, the remainder of the base prospectuses dated 30 May 2014, 22 September 2015, 
26 September 2016, 4 April 2019, 3 April 2020, 7 May 2021 is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in a document that is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement. In addition, any statement contained herein or in a document 
that is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any Supplement to the Base Prospectus, or in any 
document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of such supplement, modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference that is not expressly listed in the cross-reference list above does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.  
Pursuant to Spanish regulatory requirements, the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor 
are required to be accompanied by the respective Consolidated Management Reports. These Consolidated 
Management Reports are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus only in order to comply with such 
regulatory requirements. Investors are strongly cautioned that the information contained in the Consolidated 
Management Reports has been neither audited nor prepared for the specific purpose of the Programme. 
Accordingly, the Consolidated Management Reports should be read together with the other sections of this 
Base Prospectus, and in particular the section “Risk Factors”. Any information contained in the Consolidated 
Management Reports shall be deemed to be modified or superseded by any information elsewhere in the 
Base Prospectus that is subsequent to or inconsistent with it. Furthermore, the Consolidated Management 
Reports include certain forward-looking statements that are subject to inherent uncertainty (see 
“Forward-Looking Statements”). Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to rely upon the information 
contained in such Consolidated Management Reports.  
 
 
(K) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 65 to 86 of the base prospectus dated 26 September 2016 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”
 ....................................................................................................................................................................  
65-86 
(L) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 65 to 86 of the base prospectus dated 22 September 2015 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”
 ....................................................................................................................................................................  
65-86 
(M) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 90 to 111 of the base prospectus dated 30 May 2014 relating 
to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”
 ....................................................................................................................................................................  
90-111

--- Page 58 ---
Page 58 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of Notes under the Programme will be on-lent by the relevant 
Issuer to, or invested by the relevant Issuer in, other companies within the Repsol Group for use by such 
companies either: 
(i) 
for their general corporate purposes; or  
(ii) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Eligible Projects, in which case the 
relevant Notes will be identified as “Green Bonds” in the title of the Notes and “Green Eligible 
Projects” will be specified in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds” in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(iii) 
as otherwise specified, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, in the relevant Final Terms in 
the section entitled “Use of Proceeds”. 
For the purpose of this Base Prospectus, Green Eligible Projects are projects supporting the transition to a 
low-carbon economy in direct link with Repsol’s Strategic Plan for the 2021-2025 period (the Plan), 
including the 2024-2027 update of the Plan (see “Description of the Guarantor and the Group—Strategy”), 
and further described in the section entitled “The Group’s Energy Transition Financing Strategy” below. In 
order to ensure that all Green Eligible Projects provide environmental benefits, they must fall into and comply 
with at least one of the project categories described in that section.

--- Page 59 ---
Page 59 
THE GROUP’S ENERGY TRANSITION FINANCING STRATEGY 
Overview 
In December 2019, Repsol became the first company in the oil and gas industry to announce its commitment 
to become a net zero emissions company by 2050, thereby commencing a strategic change of course.  
On 26 November 2020, the Group presented its Plan, which was intended to shape the Group’s transformation 
in the coming years and involves accelerating the energy transition, prioritising profitable growth and 
maximum value for shareholders, with a significant increase in cash generation and financial discipline. In 
order to facilitate the monitoring of progress towards the long-term ambition of net zero emissions by 2050 
and for transparency purposes, the Plan outlines a challenging roadmap with ambitious intermediary 
emissions reduction targets. The Group further reinforced its commitment to accelerating the energy 
transition with the publication of its new decarbonisation pathway in October 2021 during its “Low Carbon 
Day”, with the aim of accelerating the achievement of net zero emissions in 2050. 
On 22 February 2024 Repsol presented its 2024-2027 Strategic Update which builds on its profitable energy 
transition model, prioritising investments in the current integrated portfolio of quality assets and low carbon 
initiatives.  
The Group’s Energy Transition Strategy 
Repsol’s energy transition strategy is based on the objective of achieving net zero emissions by 2050 (as 
measured by the Group’s carbon intensity indicator (CII) reduction pathway), while providing affordable 
and safe energy to society, thus contributing to the global aim of achieving carbon neutrality. Energy plays a 
key role in enabling progress and improving social well-being. Technology and its industrial application have 
led to access to safe and affordable energy in much of the world today, but its production and use generate 
greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to climate change. Therefore, the energy sector faces the challenge 
of decarbonising the energy cycle while guaranteeing a reliable and affordable energy supply for the 
consumer. 
Repsol has defined its CII in grams of carbon dioxide equivalent per megajoule (g CO2e/MJ) as the main 
metric for monitoring the Group’s progress towards the net zero emissions target by 2050, when a 100% 
reduction in CII is to be achieved. It is a metric that includes in the numerator net GHG Scope 1 and 2 
(operational basis) and Scope 3 (equity production basis) emissions, and in the denominator the energy 
supplied by Repsol to society (equity production basis). Technological development will play a key role in 
achieving emissions neutrality and shaping the energy system of the future. 
The main drivers of Repsol’s decarbonisation are: 
▪ 
energy efficiency, reduction of direct emissions from current operations, and portfolio optimisation 
towards less carbon-intensive assets; 
▪ 
renewable electricity generation; 
▪ 
renewable liquid and gaseous fuels; and 
▪ 
carbon capture, use and storage. 
Transition Financing Instruments 
Repsol believes the issuance of transition financing instruments will support its efforts to aid the energy 
transition and reinforce its commitment towards a low emissions future.

--- Page 60 ---
Page 60 
To that end, Repsol has designed its financing policy in line with its transition strategy and climate roadmap. 
This financing policy embeds all of Repsol’s different decarbonisation levers aimed at contributing to the 
achievement of the ambitious objectives set by the Group. This approach combines Repsol’s energy transition 
strategy with its financing policy, by raising funds specifically for the financing or refinancing of Green 
Eligible Projects (in the case of Green Bonds) and by incentivising the achievement of pre-determined and 
relevant SPTs (in the case of SLNs). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are two types of transition financing instruments that the Group 
may issue pursuant to the Programme from time to time: 
▪ 
Green Bonds. The funds raised with Green Bonds will be used to finance Green Eligible Projects, 
which are projects falling into certain green categories and are aligned with relevant eligibility 
criteria, as described below under “—Green Bonds”.  
▪ 
Sustainability-Linked Notes (SLNs). SLNs are Notes whose economic conditions are linked to the 
fulfilment of key sustainability objectives of Repsol, as described below under “Sustainability-
Linked Notes”. 
Green Bonds 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of Green Bonds will be earmarked to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, existing or future Green Eligible Projects. In order to be earmarked as eligible, 
such projects must be aligned with all of the following criteria:  
(i) 
capital expenditures and selected operating expenditures (such as maintenance costs that either 
increase the lifetime or the value of the assets) of physical assets meeting the eligibility criteria of 
the Green Eligible Projects described below; and  
(ii) 
research and development expenditures aiming at developing new products and solutions meeting 
the eligibility criteria of the Green Eligible Projects described below.  
Green Eligible Projects 
Green Eligible Projects are projects supporting the transition to a low carbon economy in direct alignment 
with Repsol’s energy transition strategy. In order to ensure that all Green Eligible Projects provide 
environmental benefits, they must fall into and comply with at least one of the following Project Categories 
and Eligibility Criteria respectively: 
Project Category 
Eligibility Criteria 
Renewable energy 
Development, acquisition, construction, installation and maintenance of 
renewable power plants, generating energy using: 
• 
wind power: onshore and offshore 
• 
solar power: photovoltaic solar power 
• 
hydroelectric power. 
Biofuels and biogas 
Production, distribution and refining of biofuels: 
• 
Biofuels and biogas, compliant with the sustainability and greenhouse 
gas emissions savings criteria laid down by Article 29 of the amending 
EU renewable Energy Directive (EU 2023/2413) and its consequent 
transposition into Spanish national law.

--- Page 61 ---
Page 61 
Project Category 
Eligibility Criteria 
Clean transportation 
Development, construction and installation of projects contributing directly or 
indirectly to a reduction of CO2 emissions or energy consumption per km-
passenger: 
• 
Infrastructure: electric charging points, station network and hydrogen 
fuelling stations. 
Renewable Hydrogen  
Manufacture of hydrogen from electrolysis using renewable electricity, biogas 
and bioliquid reforming and photo-electrocatalysis with solar energy. 
Carbon Capture Use and 
Storage (CCUS) 
Development, construction, installation and maintenance of projects of capture, 
use and storage of CO2: 
• 
DACCS: Direct air capture and storage. 
Circular Economy 
Sales volume increase in products with recycled content and derived from 
sustainable sources in petrochemical products: 
• 
Plastics manufactured by mechanical recycling of post-consumer 
plastic waste. 
• 
Plastics manufactured by chemical recycling of either post-consumer 
plastic waste or end-of-life tires. Their life cycle greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions, excluding any calculated benefit from the production of 
fuels, are lower than the life cycle GHG emissions of the equivalent 
primary plastic manufactured from fossil fuel feedstock, including end 
of life of plastic in scope (cradle to grave approach - comparison of 
emissions released by chemical recycling of plastics instead of sending 
plastic waste to incineration for energy recovery). 
• 
Polymers and monomers production shall be derived wholly or partially 
from renewable feedstock and its life cycle GHG emissions that are 
lower than the life cycle GHG emissions of the equivalent plastics 
manufactured from fossil-based sources.  
• 
New investments for recycling end of life mattresses (bulky residues, 
polyurethane foams). 
Management and Use of Proceeds 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green Bonds will be used to:  
▪ 
finance Green Eligible Projects occurring post issuance of the relevant Green Bonds; and/or 
▪ 
refinance expenditure made in connection with Green Eligible Projects initiated up to three years 
prior to the year in which such Green Bonds were issued.  
The net proceeds of Green Bonds will be allocated to new projects and/or for the refinancing of existing 
projects meeting the eligibility criteria referred to above. Pending the full allocation to Green Eligible 
Projects, the Group commits to hold the balance of net proceeds not already allocated to Green Eligible 
Projects invested in cash, cash equivalent, bank accounts/deposits and/or in monetary funds managed by the 
Group’s treasury department, following the internal financial and risks policy of the Group. 
The Group has set up internal procedures to track the use of proceeds of its Green Bonds and has established 
a register to monitor the Green Eligible Projects.

--- Page 62 ---
Page 62 
In case of asset divestment or cancellation of a project, Repsol aims to re-allocate proceeds to finance other 
Eligible Green Projects in compliance with the Project Categories and Eligibility Criteria set forth above. 
Repsol aims to fully allocate the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds within 36 months from the relevant 
issue date. 
Reporting 
Repsol aims to provide information, for each issue of Green Bonds, on the allocation of the net proceeds on 
its website (www.repsol.com) within the first 12 months of the end of each financial year and until all the 
net proceeds have been allocated or until maturity of the Green Bonds. Such report will be verified by an 
external assurance provider. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes 
The economic characteristics of SLNs are linked to the achievement of material, quantitative, pre-
determined, ambitious, regularly monitored and externally verified sustainability objectives through the 
selection of KPIs and the calibration of related SPTs, with no specific dedicated use of proceeds. Repsol has 
selected these KPIs and calibrated these SPTs in alignment with its energy transition strategy. The 
achievement of each SPT is aimed at contributing to the overall objective achieving net zero emissions by 
2050 (as measured by CII reduction pathway described below). 
The KPIs and SPTs are uniquely tailored to the Group’s business, operations and capabilities, and they do 
not easily lend themselves to benchmarking against similar sustainability performance targets, and the related 
performance, of other issuers. 
KPIs 
Under the Programme, Repsol may issue SLNs linked to one or more of the following KPIs. 
(1) Carbon Intensity Indicator (CII) 
This KPI measures carbon dioxide equivalent emissions for every unit of energy that the Group makes 
available to society, measured in grams of carbon dioxide equivalent per megajoule (g CO2e/MJ).  
The CII takes into account in the numerator the following: 
1. Operational Scope 1 + 2 emissions: The direct (scope 1) and indirect emissions (scope 2) from Repsol’s 
E&P, Refining and Chemical industrial complexes and power generation operated by Repsol. 
2. Scope 3 emissions primary energy-based: The scope 3 emissions associated with the use of products 
coming from Repsol’s oil and gas production including: 
▪ 
the emissions from products that would be obtained in Repsol’s Refining and Chemical processes 
from the Group’s oil production (category 11);  
▪ 
all of the emissions resulting from the combustion of natural gas production (category 11), and 
▪ 
emissions from third-party hydrogen plants that supply Repsol’s controlled refineries (category 1) 
are included, as well as final disposal of the use of chemical products (category 12). 
3. Location-based emissions shift: Emissions displacement from fossil electricity mix due to low carbon 
electricity generation. Displaced emissions from Repsol’s low carbon power generation assets are subtracted 
in the numerator by replacing the marginal fossil power mix of the country where they are located. This value 
has a positive impact on the indicator and will change and likely decrease over time, as each country’s 
electricity mix becomes progressively decarbonised.

--- Page 63 ---
Page 63 
4. Carbon sinks: Emissions stored in the case of implementing technologies such a as carbon capture, use, 
and storage (CCUS) outside the Group’s operations, or natural climate solutions (NCS) are subtracted from 
the numerator. Repsol’s decarbonisation pathways do not contemplate the use of NCS before 2030. 
The CII takes into account in the denominator the following: 
1. Energy Products: Energy relating to Repsol’s oil and gas production in its E&P business. 
2. Non-Energy Products: Chemical products and other non-energy products (lubricants, asphalts, and others) 
produced by Repsol from oil, are considered carbon sinks and, thus, the energy contained in the equivalent 
oil used to produce them is counted. 
3. Low Carbon Energy Sources: Energy from renewable (solar, wind and hydropower) and non-renewable 
(combined cycle gas turbines and surplus from natural gas cogeneration) power generation sources. 
The CII is the basis for setting emissions reduction targets over time, to reach net zero emissions by 2050. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, and using 2016 as the base year (since 2016 was the first year in which 
all assets of ROCGI (formerly Talisman Energy Inc.) were consolidated following its acquisition), the Group 
aims to reduce its CII as follows:  
• 
by 15% by 2025 (the previous target was 12%); 
• 
by 28% by 2030 (the previous target was 25%); and 
• 
by 55% by 2040 (the previous target was 50%). 
The targets were increased in October 2021 partly due to the favourable regulatory environment and 
technological breakthroughs in hydrogen technologies, renewable electricity and storage. 
In terms of the time horizon until 2030, the CII reduction target of 28% is expected to be achieved by applying 
a wide range of technologies and solutions in line with Repsol’s vision of the energy transition, in which 
renewable electrification, renewable fuels, and carbon sinks will be necessary, as well as reducing the carbon 
intensity of traditional operations (through energy efficiency measures, reduction of methane emissions and 
reduction of the gas flaring in E&P operated assets, as well as efficiency measures in the Industrial business).  
 
0% 
8 - 10% 
9 - 11% 
7 - 9% 
0 - 1% 
28%

--- Page 64 ---
Page 64 
The following table sets forth information on the historical levels of the CII and its percentage reduction 
against the 2016 baseline. 
 
2016 
2023 
CII (g CO2e/MJ) 
76.8 
69.5 
Reduction vs. 2016 baseline 
— 
-9.6% 
Note: In 2023, the CII has been methodologically adjusted to more accurately reflect the integration of new technologies within the 
Group’s decarbonisation strategy. Previous years’ values have been restated in accordance with these adjustments. 
(2) Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions 
This KPI measures the Group’s direct and indirect Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions on a gross 
operational basis in million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e), resulting from the Group’s 
development, production, transformation and commercialisation of hydrocarbon activities. The definition of 
Scope 1+2 emissions used in this KPI is aligned with the definition of Scope 1 and 2 emissions under the 
GHG Protocol (The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard):   
▪ 
Scope 1: Direct GHG emissions occur from sources that are owned or directly controlled by the 
Group.  
▪ 
Scope 2 (Indirect GHG emissions from purchased energy) accounts for GHG emissions from the 
generation of purchased electricity, heat, cooling, or steam consumed by the Group.  
Repsol’s aims to reduce such Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions by 55% when compared to the 2016 baseline by 
2030. The following table sets forth information on the historical levels of the Hydrocarbons Emissions and 
their percentage reduction against the 2016 baseline. 
 
2016 
2023 
Mt CO2e 
25.4 
14.8 
Reduction vs. 2016 baseline 
— 
42% 
(3) Renewable Energy Capacity 
This KPI measures the renewable installed capacity of the Group, being the total amount of gross peak 
capacity of the Group’s power generation facilities using renewable energy sources (wind, solar and hydro, 
BESS (Battery Energy Storage Systems), and any other non-fossil fuel source of power generation deriving 
from natural resources) to produce electricity, measured in gigawatts (GW). For the purposes of this 
definition, capacity shall be considered “installed” when the relevant power generation facilities are in 
operation or have reached the mechanical completion stage (mechanical completion refers to the final stage 
of the construction process, which does not include connection to grid). 
Repsol aims to reach 15 GW of Renewable Energy Capacity by 2030. 
As of 31 December 2023, Repsol had 2.8 GW of Renewable Energy Capacity. 
(4) Renewable Fuels Capacity 
This KPI measures the available renewable fuels capacity of the Group, being the renewable fuels production 
capacity (including advanced biofuels and synthetic fuels, as described in the EU Renewable Energy 
Directive (EU 2023/2413)), measured in million metric tonnes (Mt). For the purposes of this definition, 
capacity is considered “available” upon the relevant power generation facilities being in operation.

--- Page 65 ---
Page 65 
Repsol aims to reach 2.2Mt of Renewable Fuels Capacity by 2030. 
As of 31 December 2023, Repsol had 1.0 Mt of Renewable Fuels Capacity. 
(5) Renewable Hydrogen Capacity 
This KPI measures the available renewable hydrogen capacity of the Group, being the renewable hydrogen 
production capacity (including hydrogen produced from electrolysis and steam biomethane reforming 
processes), measured in gigawatts equivalent (GWeq). For the purposes of this definition, capacity is 
considered “available” upon the relevant power generation facilities being in operation. 
Repsol aims to reach 1.6 GWeq of Renewable Hydrogen Capacity by 2030. 
As of 31 December 2023, Repsol had zero Renewable Hydrogen Capacity. 
Post-issuance information 
Following the issue of SLNs, the Issuer or the Guarantor will publish an Assurance Report in respect of and 
verifying the relevant KPI and KPI Percentage (if applicable) on the Guarantor’s website (www.repsol.com) 
no later than the date falling six months after the last day of the relevant financial year, beginning with (and 
including) the financial year in which the first tranche of the SLNs were issued.  
See Condition 4 (Sustainability-Linked Notes) of the Senior Notes for more information on the SLNs, 
including the reporting obligations assumed by Repsol as well as the circumstances in which Repsol may 
recalculate these KPIs and SPTs.

--- Page 66 ---
Page 66 
DESCRIPTION OF REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V. 
History 
Repsol International Finance B.V. (RIF) was incorporated in The Netherlands on 20 December 1990 as a 
private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) for an 
indefinite duration pursuant to the laws of The Netherlands, under which it now operates. 
RIF is registered with the trade register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 24251372. RIF 
is domiciled in The Netherlands and its registered office and principal place of business is Koninginnegracht 
19, 2514 AB The Hague, The Netherlands, and its telephone number is (+31) 70 3141611. Its website is 
www.repsol.com. The information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities  
The principal activity of RIF is to finance the business operations of the Repsol Group. RIF may, from time 
to time, obtain financing, including through loans or issuing other securities. In order to achieve its objectives, 
RIF raises funds primarily by issuing debt instruments in the capital and money markets. 
Organisational structure 
RIF is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the issued share 
capital of RIF is €300,577,000, represented by 300,577 fully paid-up shares with a nominal value of €1,000 
each. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the directors of RIF are:  
Name 
Function 
Principal activities outside Repsol 
Rudolf Harinck 
Director 
Real estate activities 
Sonia Mera Uriarte 
Director 
N/A 
Jaime Salmerón Molina 
Director 
N/A 
 
The business address of each of the directors, as directors of RIF, is Koninginnegracht 19, 2514 AB The 
Hague, The Netherlands. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of RIF to RIF and their respective 
private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 67 ---
Page 67 
DESCRIPTION OF REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE 
History 
Repsol Europe Finance (REF) was incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg on 4 December 2009 
under the name of TE Holding S.à r.l. as a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) 
for an indefinite duration pursuant to the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, under which it now 
operates. On 29 March 2021, REF changed its corporate name from TE Holding S.à r.l. to Repsol Europe 
Finance. 
REF is registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register (Registre de Commerce et des 
Sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B149867. REF is domiciled in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and 
its registered office and principal place of business is at 11 Rue Aldringen, L-1118 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and its telephone number is (+352) 27860070. Its website is www.repsol.com. The 
information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities  
The principal activities of REF are to finance the business operations of the Repsol Group. REF may, from 
time to time, obtain financing, including through loans or issuing other securities. In order to achieve its 
objectives, REF raises funds primarily by issuing debt instruments in the capital and money markets.  
Organisational structure 
REF is an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. At the date of this Base Prospectus, its 
subscribed capital is U.S.$4,639,123,120, represented by 231,956,156 ordinary shares in registered form with 
a nominal value of U.S.$20.00 each, all subscribed and fully paid-up shares.  
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the managers of REF are:  
Name 
Function 
Principal activities outside Repsol 
Véronique Gillet 
Class B Manager  
Founding partner of Adeis S.A., a 
Luxembourg advisory firm specialised in 
topics linked to the investment fund 
industry, member of ILA (Institut 
Luxembourgeois des Administrateurs) 
Sonia Mera Uriarte 
Class A Manager  
N/A 
Jaime Salmerón Molina 
Class B Manager  
N/A 
 
The business address of each of the managers, as managers of REF, is 11 Rue Aldringen, L-1118 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.  
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the managers of REF to REF and their 
respective private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 68 ---
Page 68 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP 
Overview 
The Guarantor is a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) duly incorporated on 12 November 1986 
under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain, under which it now operates.  
The Guarantor is registered with the Commercial Register of Madrid under page number M-65289, and its 
tax identification number is A-78374725. It is domiciled in Spain with its registered office and principal 
place of business at Calle Méndez Álvaro, 44, 28045 Madrid, Spain, and its telephone number is (+34) 91 
753 80 00. Its website is www.repsol.com. The information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Guarantor is the parent company of the Group.  
Repsol is an integrated energy company that operates in all business activities of the hydrocarbons sector, 
including exploration, development and production of crude oil and natural gas, transport of petroleum 
products, LPG and natural gas, refining, production of a wide range of petroleum products, petroleum by-
products, and petrochemicals, LPG and natural gas products, along with low-carbon electricity generation 
and commercialisation activities. While Repsol operates globally, it has a unified corporate structure with 
headquarters in Madrid, Spain. 
History 
Repsol began operations in October 1987 as part of a reorganisation of the oil and gas businesses then owned 
by Instituto Nacional de Hidrocarburos, a Spanish government agency which acted as a holding company 
of government-owned oil and gas businesses.  
Certain key milestones in the history of Repsol are set forth below: 
▪ 
In 1989, the shares of the Guarantor were first listed on the Spanish stock exchanges (Madrid, 
Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia) and, through American Depositary Shares (ADS), on the New York 
Stock Exchange (until March 2011), beginning the process of privatisation. 
▪ 
The privatisation culminated with the public offers for the sale of shares in the Guarantor carried out 
by the Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales, a Spanish government agency, in 1996 and 
1997. 
▪ 
On 26 February 2013, Repsol signed an agreement with the Shell Group for the sale of part of 
Repsol’s liquefied natural gas (LNG) assets and businesses. The sale concluded with three different 
transactions which closed in October and December 2013 and January 2014. 
▪ 
In 2014, several agreements were signed to put an end to the controversy originated by the 
expropriation in 2012 of 51% and 60% of the Group’s shares in YPF S.A. (YPF) and YPF Gas S.A., 
respectively. After the expropriation, settlement with the Republic of Argentina and the subsequent 
sale in 2014 of all its remaining interest in YPF which had not been subject to expropriation, Repsol’s 
divestment of YPF was completed. YPF was Argentina’s leading oil company and a former national 
operator in the industry. 
▪ 
On 18 May 2018, Repsol sold its stake (20.072%) in Naturgy to Rioja Bidco Shareholdings, S.L.U. 
for the price of €3,816 million. 
▪ 
On 2 November 2018, Repsol completed its acquisition of Viesgo Generación, S.L.U.’s (Viesgo) 
non-regulated low-emission electricity generation businesses, in addition to its gas and electricity 
retail business for a purchase price of €733 million.

--- Page 69 ---
Page 69 
▪ 
On 2 December 2019, Repsol announced that it aims to become a net zero emissions company in 
2050. In line with this goal and in the context of the oil and gas markets dynamics that consolidated 
in 2019, together with new public policies oriented towards a decarbonised economy, Repsol 
reviewed its main hypothesis for assessing future investments and existing assets. In particular, it 
assumed a gradual decarbonisation of the economy, a reduction in the expectations of future oil and 
gas prices and the increase of expected costs for future CO2 emissions, configuring a scenario 
compatible with the climate goals of the Paris Agreement and the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals.  
▪ 
On 26 November 2020, the Group presented its Strategic Plan for the 2021-2025 period (the Plan), 
which is expected to shape the Group’s transformation in the coming years and involves accelerating 
the energy transition, prioritising profitable growth and maximum value for shareholders, with a 
significant increase in cash generation and financial discipline. On 5 October 2021, in the context of 
its “Low Carbon Day”, Repsol announced more ambitious targets with the aim of accelerating its 
energy transition to become a net zero emissions company by 2050. On 22 February 2024, Repsol 
presented the 2024-2027 update to the Plan, which sets out its priorities and objectives aimed at 
Repsol growing profitably, consolidating its multi-energy commitment and achieving its 
decarbonisation objectives for 2025 and 2030 as well as its zero net emissions target by 2050. See 
“⸻Strategy” below. 
▪ 
On 9 June 2022, the Board of Directors of the Guarantor approved the acquisition of a 25% stake of 
Repsol Renovables, S.A. by Crédit Agricole Assurances and Energy Infrastructure Partners (EIP) 
for €986 million. The transaction was completed on 29 September 2022. 
▪ 
On 7 September 2022, Repsol signed a binding agreement with EIG Global Energy Partners (through 
its wholly-owned subsidiary Breakwater Energy Holdings S.à.r.l) to sell a 25% equity stake in 
Repsol’s global Upstream business for an equity value of U.S.$3,350 million. The transaction was 
completed on 2 March 2023.  
▪ 
On 7 September 2023, Repsol signed an agreement to acquire U.S. renewable development company 
ConnectGen for U.S.$768 million (approximately €715 million) from Quantum Capital Group’s 
global renewable energy development platform, 547 Energy. The transaction was completed in 
March 2024. 
▪ 
In October 2023, Repsol became the 100% owner of Repsol Resources UK Limited (formerly, 
Repsol Sinopec Resources UK Limited) (RRUK), after having acquired from Sinopec International 
Petroleum Exploration and Production Corporation (Sinopec) its 49% interest in the shares of 
RRUK. 
Recent Developments 
On 21 February 2024, the Board of Directors of the Guarantor resolved to submit for approval at its next 
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting a proposal to reduce the share capital of the Guarantor by 40,000,000 shares 
(which represented approximately 3.29% of the Guarantor’s share capital as of 22 February 2024), each with 
a nominal value of one euro per share. For this purpose, the Guarantor will implement a share buy-back 
programme for a maximum of 35,000,000 shares, which will remain in force until 31 July 2024 at the latest. 
The remaining shares will come from (i) the Guarantor’s treasury shares already owned on 21 February 2024; 
and/or (ii) shares that may be acquired through the settlement of derivatives on own shares entered into by 
the Guarantor before 21 February 2024. 
Additionally, the Board of Directors of the Guarantor agreed to submit for the approval at its next Annual 
Shareholders’ Meeting the payment of a final dividend of 0.5 euros gross per share, to be charged against the 
results of 2023, and which is expected to take place on 8 July 2024. This dividend would be added to the 
remuneration of 0.4 euros gross per share already paid in January 2024. Consequently, if the proposal were

--- Page 70 ---
Page 70 
approved by the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, shareholders of the Guarantor would receive a total 
remuneration of 0.9 euros gross per share in 2024. 
On 22 February 2024, Repsol presented the 2024-2027 update to the Plan, which sets out its priorities and 
objectives aimed at Repsol growing profitably, consolidating its multi-energy commitment and achieving its 
decarbonisation objectives for 2025 and 2030 as well as its zero net emissions target by 2050. See “—
Strategy” below. 
On 20 March 2024, the Board of Directors of the Guarantor resolved to call the Annual Shareholders´ 
Meeting to be held on 9 May 2024 on first call and on 10 May 2024 on second call. The Board of Directors 
agreed to submit to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, among other resolutions, the distribution, in January 
2025, of the fixed amount of 0.45 euros gross per share to be charged to free reserves and the delegation to 
the Guarantor’s Board of Directors of the power to execute totally or partially and on the occasions that it 
deems convenient, or not to execute, a second capital reduction by means of the redemption of up to a 
maximum of 121,739,605 own shares, equivalent to 10% of the share capital of the Guarantor. 
On 25 March 2024, the Guarantor’s CEO, pursuant to the delegation granted to him by the Guarantor’s Board 
of Directors on 21 February 2024, resolved to start implementing the share buy-back programme for which 
the maximum number of shares of the Guarantor to be acquired will be 35,000,000, representing 
approximately 2.87% of the Guarantor’s share capital as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
On 26 March 2024, Repsol and Bunge agreed to partner in the development of new opportunities to help 
meet the growing demand for lower carbon intensity feedstocks for the production of renewable fuels. 
Pursuant to the agreement, Repsol will acquire 40% of three industrial facilities that are part of Bunge Iberica, 
one of Bunge’s subsidiaries in the Iberian Peninsula, for a total amount of U.S.$300 million plus up to 
U.S.$40 million in contingent payments. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including 
regulatory approvals. 
Strategy  
In December 2019, Repsol became the first energy company to announce its commitment to become a net 
zero emissions company by 2050, thereby commencing a strategic change of course.  
On 26 November 2020, the Group presented its Strategic Plan (the Plan), which was expected to shape the 
Group’s transformation in the coming years and focuses on accelerating the energy transition, prioritising 
profitable growth and maximum value for shareholders, with a significant increase in cash generation and 
financial discipline. On 5 October 2021, in the context of its “Low Carbon Day”, Repsol announced it had 
updated its Plan with more ambitious decarbonisation targets with the aim of accelerating its energy transition 
to become a net zero emissions company by 2050.  
Throughout 2023, after meeting most of the objectives set out in the Plan, Repsol carried out a strategic 
reflection process, which led to the publication on 22 February 2024 of a strategic update to its Plan for 2024 
to 2027 (the Update). The Update establishes a new capital allocation framework which Repsol believes 
prioritises shareholder remuneration, sets an investment level above the average of Repsol in recent years 
and maintains financial strength. 
The Plan and the Update represent a demanding roadmap with ambitious intermediate emission reduction 
targets to continue moving towards its goal of net zero emissions by 2050, envisioning a reduction in carbon 
intensity of 15% by 2025, 28% by 2030 and 55% by 2040. The Group aims to decarbonise its asset portfolio 
and develop a new operating model with the aim of becoming a multi-energy group that is more sustainable 
and focused on creating value by 2030. Repsol is committed to a model that integrates several technological 
options, combines electrification with low carbon footprint products, and offers solutions to all community 
needs. A combination of different sources of energy is expected to allow for efficiently achieving the goal of 
zero net emissions. In addition, the Group incorporated an absolute emissions reduction target and is 
committed to reducing emissions from its operated assets by 55% (scope 1 and scope 2) and 30% of net

--- Page 71 ---
Page 71 
emissions (scope 1, 2 and 3) by 2030. 
Business segments and organisational structure  
Repsol currently operates the following business segments: 
▪ 
Upstream (E&P): exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas reserves, as well as the 
development of low-carbon geological solutions (e.g., geothermal, carbon capture, storage and use). 
▪ 
Industrial: refining, petrochemical and trading activities, transportation and marketing of crude oil, 
natural gas and oil products, as well as the development of new growth platforms such as hydrogen, 
sustainable biofuels and synthetic fuels. 
▪ 
Customer: mobility business (service stations) and commercialisation of fuels (e.g., gasolines, 
middle distillates, kerosene, LPGs, biofuels), power and gas, lubricants and other specialties.  
▪ 
Low Carbon Generation: low carbon emission and renewable sources electricity generation 
businesses. 
Below is a list of the significant investee companies of the Group as at 31 December 2023, including the 
country of incorporation, main activities and the direct or indirect ownership interest of the Guarantor in such 
investee companies.  
Name 
Country 
Activity 
% Owned (1) 
Repsol, S.A. .................................................................. 
Spain 
Portfolio company 
N/A 
Repsol Upstream, B.V.  ................................................ 
Netherlands 
Portfolio company 
100.00% 
Repsol E&P, S.àr.l.. ...................................................... 
Luxemburg 
Portfolio company 
75.00% 
Repsol Exploración, S.A. ............................................. 
Spain 
Exploration and production of oil 
and gas 
75.00% 
Repsol Oil & Gas USA, Llc (2) ..................................... 
United 
States 
Exploration and production of oil 
and gas 
75.00% 
Repsol E&P Bolivia, S.A. (2) ........................................ 
Bolivia 
Exploration and production of oil 
and gas 
75.00% 
Repsol Sinopec Brasil, S.A........................................... 
Brazil 
Exploration and production of oil 
and gas 
45.01% 
Repsol Industrial Transformation, S.L. ........................ 
Spain 
Portfolio company 
100.00% 
Repsol Petróleo, S.A. ................................................... 
Spain 
Refining 
99.97% 
Repsol Química, S.A. ................................................... 
Spain 
Production and sale of 
petrochemicals 
100.00% 
Repsol Trading, S.A. 
Spain 
Storage, sale, trading and transport 
of products  
100.00% 
Repsol Customer Centric, S.L.  .................................... 
Spain 
Portfolio company 
97.79% 
Repsol Comercial de Productos Petrolíferos, S.A. ....... 
Spain 
Marketing of oil products 
97.79% 
Repsol Comercial de Electricidad y Gas, S.L.U. .......... 
Spain 
Marketing of electricity and gas 
97.79% 
Repsol Renovables, S.A. .............................................. 
Spain 
Renewable electricity generation 
75.00% 
Repsol Generación Eléctrica, S.A. ............................... 
Spain 
Hydroelectric generation 
75.00% 
Repsol Renewables North America Inc.  ...................... 
Spain 
Renewable electricity generation 
and storage 
75.00% 
Repsol International Finance B.V. ................................ 
Netherlands 
Financing and portfolio company 
100.00% 
Repsol Tesorería y Gestión financiera, S.A.  ............   
Spain 
Financing company 
100.00% 
Repsol Europe Finance, S.ár.l. (2) ................................. 
Luxembourg 
Financial services company 
100.00%

--- Page 72 ---
Page 72 
___________________________ 
 
Notes: 
(1) There is no difference between the percentage of share capital owned and voting rights in the Guarantor.  
(2) Indirect ownership interest. 
Business Overview  
Upstream 
Set forth below is certain information in respect of Repsol’s operating data for the periods indicated. 
 
Year 
ended 
31/12/2023 
Year 
ended 
31/12/2022 
 
(unaudited) 
Net liquids production (kbbl/d) 
205 
185 
Net gas production (kboe/d) 
394 
365 
Net hydrocarbon production (kboe/d) 
599 
550 
Average 
crude 
oil 
realisation 
price 
(U.S.$/bbl) 
74.3 
90.0 
Average gas price (U.S.$/ kscf) 
3.8 
7.4 
___________________________ 
 
Note:  These metrics include, in proportion to the Group’s respective ownership interest, the figures corresponding to its joint ventures or 
other companies managed as such. 
Upstream includes the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas in different parts of the world. 
In line with Repsol’s goal of net zero carbon emissions in 2050, the Upstream segment has added a new line 
of business called “Geological Low Carbon Solutions” which involves studies and future developments in 
the areas of geothermal electricity generation and the storage of CO2 and hydrogen in the subsurface for 
disposal or reutilisation purposes. The Upstream segment’s activity is mainly located in America (United 
States, Brazil, Trinidad and Tobago, Peru, Bolivia, Colombia, Venezuela, and Mexico), North Africa 
(Algeria and Libya), Asia (Indonesia) and Europe (United Kingdom, Norway, and Spain).  
During the year ended 31 December 2023 and up until the date of this Base Prospectus, Repsol has continued 
to dynamically manage its asset portfolio as it pursues its strategy of focusing on strategic assets and countries 
that offer competitive advantages for the Group.  
In the context of the dynamic permanent management of the Group’s business portfolio, various opportunities 
were analysed, resulting in the announcement, in September 2022, of an agreement for the sale of 25% of 
Repsol’s Upstream business to EIG Global Energy Partners (through its wholly-owned subsidiary 
Breakwater Energy Holdings S.à.r.l) in exchange for U.S.$3,350 million). The agreement valued Repsol’s 
Upstream business at U.S.$19,000 million and the transaction was completed in March 2023. 
The following contains details of Repsol’s main assets:  
United States 
▪ 
Repsol has interests in the Eagle Ford liquids-rich asset, a shale gas play located in southeast Texas 
and in the Marcellus dry gas shale play located mainly in northeast Pennsylvania. Repsol also 
participates in the Shenzi and Buckskin offshore productive fields, in the Castile, Leon and Shenzi 
North development projects, in the Monument and Blacktip exploration projects along with several 
exploratory blocks in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico (GOM), and, in Alaska North Slope, Repsol 
participates in the Pikka development and Horseshoe, Quokka and Allignment Area 
exploratory/appraisal projects.

--- Page 73 ---
Page 73 
▪ 
In Eagle Ford, in June 2022, the final investment decision (FID) was reached for the third phase of 
the Eagle Ford development, which involves drilling a further 49 operated wells (on 12 platforms) 
that are expected to generate additional incremental lifetime net sales of 42 Mboe in the retrograde 
gas, wet gas and black oil windows. In January 2023, the acquisition of new acreage was agreed with 
the company INPEX in the strategic area of Eagle Ford. 
▪ 
In Marcellus, in December 2021, the Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania 
approved the sale of Rockdale Marcellus to Repsol Oil & Gas USA for U.S.$222 million at an 
auction held on 16 December 2021. The sale was completed in January 2022. In February 2022, 
additional new assets acquired from Abarta were added to Marcellus business unit which together 
with the Rockdale acquisition incorporated 45,000 net acres. 
▪ 
In April 2023, the first development well in Castile in the GOM was drilled. In May 2023, Repsol 
increased to 50% its stake in the Blacktip deepwater project, which includes the Blacktip and 
Blacktip North discoveries in the U.S. GOM. In June 2023, Repsol acquired a 33% stake in blocks 
644, 687, 688 and 731 of the Alaminos Canyon area and a 20% stake in blocks 004, 005, 048, 090, 
091, 092, 134 and 135 of the Walker Ridge area of the U.S. GOM. In November 2023, Repsol agreed 
to sell 20% of its stake in Salamanca Infrastructure LLC to its partners for U.S.$130 million. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, Repsol retains a 2.5% stake in the company, a seat on the board of 
Salamanca Infrastructure LLC and maintains its stakes in the upstream assets of Castile and Leon. 
In December 2023, Repsol made the FID for the Monument project in the U.S. GOM. The Monument 
project, in which Repsol has a 20% stake, is operated by Beacon. 
▪ 
In the Alaska North Slope project, Repsol announced in March 2017 the largest U.S. onshore 
conventional hydrocarbons discovery in 30 years, with the Horseshoe-1 and 1A wells confirming 
these wells as a significant emerging play in Alaska’s North Slope. In April 2020, two additional 
exploration discoveries, namely the Mitquq-1 well in the Quokka project and Stirrup-1 well in the 
Horseshoe project, were made at the North Slope, where Repsol holds a 49% stake. In August 2022, 
the FID was made for development of Phase I of the Pikka project. The project is designed with a 
carbon intensity index that is among the lowest in the Group’s global portfolio of assets. In December 
2022, the authorities approved the project and production is expected to start in 2026. In July 2023, 
Repsol and its partner Santos placed the drilling rig in Pikka, beginning the drilling campaign for the 
first 12 producing wells, within the asset’s development plan. 
▪ 
In May 2023, the U.S. Department of Energy selected Repsol to lead the execution of a carbon 
capture and storage (CCS) assessment project off the coast of Louisiana, in consortium with Crescent 
Midstream LLC, Cox Operating LLC and Carbon Zero U.S. LLC. In September 2023, the Texas 
General Land Office awarded a consortium led by Repsol two licenses for CO2 storage located on 
the coast of Corpus Christi (Texas). Repsol acts as operator and Carbonvert Inc., Mitsui E&P USA 
and POSCO International also participate. 
Brazil 
▪ 
Repsol operates certain offshore deepwater fields in Brazil, where in Sapinhoá field (block BM-S-9) 
in 2016 the plateau of production of 150,000 barrels per day of crude oil was reached in the North 
Area. In the South Area, the plateau of production was reached in 2014, with a production capacity 
of 120,000 barrels per day of crude oil. In August 2020, Repsol achieved the milestone of 125 million 
barrels of oil sold from the Sapinhoá asset in Brazil’s deep waters. In May 2022, Repsol Sinopec and 
its partners Petrobras and Equinor began 4D seismic acquisition operations (892 km2) for Albacora 
Leste spanning the neighbouring Roncador field in the deep waters of the Campos basin. In March 
2021, Repsol Sinopec (35%) together with licence partners Equinor (35% and operator) and 
Petrobras (30%), approved the development concept for BM-C-33, a gas/condensate field located in 
the Campos Basin pre-salt in Brazil. Repsol was the operator in the exploration stage when the 
Gavea, Seat and Pao de Açucar deposits were discovered. In January 2023, the FID was made on the 
Lapa SW block in the Santos basin. In May 2023, the FID was approved in the BM-C-33 block,

--- Page 74 ---
Page 74 
which is expected to help an orderly transition towards a low-emissions future as it will be a key 
supplier of gas for the Brazilian national market. The investment includes an innovative concept in 
Brazil, which is the use of a Floating Production, Storage and Offloading Unit, which will be able to 
process the gas produced and specify it for sale without the need for additional processing.  
▪ 
At the end of 2023, five exploratory blocks in Brazil were withdrawn while three exploratory blocks 
remain in Repsol’s Brazilian portfolio: C-M-821 (50% stake), ES-M-667 (100% interest) and S-M-
764 (50% stake). 
Trinidad and Tobago 
▪ 
Repsol has a 30% stake in the productive assets of bpTT. In September 2021, the Matapal project 
achieved a safe start-up of gas production. The project consists of three wells connected to Juniper’s 
existing platform, therefore helping to minimise development costs and the associated carbon 
footprint. In September 2022, Repsol, together with BP, confirmed the start of development of its 
Cypre offshore gas project (joint development of the SEQB and Macadamia discoveries). At its peak, 
the development is expected to generate average gas production of 250 to 300 million cubic feet per 
day (mmscfd). In May 2023, bpTT successfully completed the first phase of its drilling campaign 
that began in October 2022. The campaign includes three wells in the Mango field, one well in the 
Savonette field and three wells in the Angelin field. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the wells 
are producing more than 180 million standard cubic feet per day (mmscfd). 
Peru 
▪ 
Repsol Perú has participations in three blocks located in the Ucayali-Madre de Dios basin, one of the 
most prolific gas areas in Peru. The Kinteroni and the Sagari fields started their production in March 
2014 and in November 2017, respectively. Both fields are located in Block 57, where Repsol is the 
operator company with a 53.84% stake. Repsol also has a 10% stake in the fields Mipaya, Pagoreni, 
Pagoreni Oeste of Block 56 and San Martin, Cashiriari of Block 88, part of the Camisea Consortium. 
Bolivia 
▪ 
Repsol has a 37.5% stake in the Margarita-Huacaya gas productive project (Caipipendi block). In 
March 2018, Repsol received the official ratification of the extension for ten years of the licence 
until 2041, plus an additional five years, including exploratory investments in the Boyuy and 
Boicobo Sur projects. Repsol is the operator of the Caipipendi block, in partnership with Shell and 
Pan American Energy under a contractual framework entered with Yacimientos Petrolíferos Fiscales 
Bolivianos (YPFB). Repsol also has interests in the San Alberto, San Antonio, Río Grande and 
Yapacani productive gas fields. In June 2023, the agreement between YPFB and Repsol for the 
transfer of operations and termination of the operating contract for the Mamoré I area, northwest 
Surubí field, was signed. 
Colombia 
▪ 
Repsol has production in the Llanos Norte and CPO-9 blocks. CPO-9 block, in which Repsol has a 
45% stake, is operated by Ecopetrol and has two main areas: Akacias and Exploration Area. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, Akacias has reached approximately 25 kbbls of daily production 
and aims to continue its development to add more barrels in the coming years. The exploration area 
has Lorito and Tinamu/Magnus discoveries, which are being evaluated for development. In May 
2023, the discovery of hydrocarbons in the Tinamú-1 well was completed and in December two 
additional discoveries were confirmed with the Magnus-1 and Kimera-1 wells, all located in the 
CPO-9 block. In January 2024, the REX NE N-01 exploratory well was completed with a positive 
result in the Llanos Norte area. The well was drilled in the Cosecha block operated by SierraCol 
where Repsol has a 17.5% stake.

--- Page 75 ---
Page 75 
Venezuela 
▪ 
Repsol has a 50% interest in the Cardon IV (Perla discovery) gas project, a 40% interest in the 
productive blocks Quiriquire (Empresa Mixta), Barua Motatan and Mene Grande and a 60% interest 
in Quiriquire Gas. Repsol also has an 11% interest in the Carabobo project.  
▪ 
On 18 December 2023, Repsol and PDVSA signed a new management agreement for the 
Petroquirique joint venture in Venezuela to increase production and facilitate the recovery of the 
debt linked to these assets, without the need for additional investments by Repsol, under general 
licence (GL 44) granted by the U.S. government in October 2023. Repsol continues to adopt the 
necessary measures to continue its activities in Venezuela in full compliance with applicable 
international sanctions, including U.S. policies in relation to Venezuela, and is constantly monitoring 
changes and developments and, therefore, the possible effects they may have on such activities. 
Repsol also continues to proactively consider options and explore measures aimed at recovering the 
debt linked to its assets in the country. See also “Risk Factors—Risk Factors that May Affect the 
Issuers’ and the Guarantor’s Ability to Fulfil Their Obligations under The Notes—4. Legal And 
Regulatory Risks—Risks related to sanctions”. 
Canada 
▪ 
Following the sales in 2022, of the Chauvin, Duvernay and Montney oil and gas fields in Alberta 
and in 2023 of remaining oil and gas assets in Canada to Peyto for U.S.$523 million, Repsol has 
exited the E&P business in Canada and has liquidated and dissolved the company Repsol Oil & Gas 
Canada Inc. (the former parent company of the Talisman Group acquired by Repsol in 2015). 
Mexico 
▪ 
Following the withdrawals in 2022 of exploration blocks 5, 10, 11, 14 and 15, Repsol’s presence in 
Mexico was limited to just block 29 in the deep waters of the Salina basin, where it is the operator 
with a 30% stake. In December 2023, a second exploratory block was added to Repsol’s current 
portfolio with the acquisition of a 50% interest in block 9 located in the state of Tabasco in the waters 
of the GOM in the Salina basin. Repsol’s partner and operator with the remaining 50% is ENI. 
Algeria 
▪ 
In December 2017, the Reggane Nord natural gas project came into production. The Reggane Nord 
project is composed of six fields and is jointly operated with Sonatrach. In July 2022, Repsol 
exercised its preferential subscription right to buy the Edison company’s stake. The operation is part 
of the strategy to seek opportunities to increase its stake in gas supplies to Europe. In October 2023, 
the purchase of an additional 6.75% stake was successfully completed. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the shareholding percentages are as follows: Repsol (operator, 36%), Sonatrach (40%), 
W-D (24%).  
▪ 
Repsol has a 35% stake in the 405a block in the east of Algeria. In June 2023, Repsol signed a 
hydrocarbon exploitation contract in 405a block. Under this new contractual framework, Repsol has 
agreed with its partners, Sonatrach and Pertamina, new investments that is expected to lead to an 
additional recovery of around 150 Mboe. The new contract is pending official ratification by the 
Algerian regulator. 
Libya 
▪ 
Repsol has participations in the oil productive blocks NC-115 and NC-186 in the Murzuq basin in 
the southwest of the country. Production operations in 2023 have been developed normally during 
the year despite the political instability. In January 2024, production was interrupted for a number of 
days over safety concerns but was resumed on 23 January 2024.

--- Page 76 ---
Page 76 
Indonesia 
▪ 
Repsol’s assets include interests in an important production sharing contract (PSC) in the Corridor 
block, located at the South Sumatra basin. In November 2019, a new 20-year contract was officially 
signed for the PSC, together with the partners in this project (ConocoPhillips and Pertamina). In 
December 2023, the extension of the Corridor contract came into effect, with the new expiration date 
being December 2043. Repsol’s participation in this extended period was reduced from 36% to 24%. 
▪ 
In February 2019, Repsol announced a major discovery of the Kaliberau Dalam-2X (KBD-2X) 
exploratory well in the Sakakemang onshore block in the south of Sumatra Island, where Repsol is 
the operator with a 45% stake. The Sakakemang area is located in Musi Banyuasin in the southern 
Sumatra province. In October 2020, the Geological Carbon Storage (GCS) project was launched in 
Sakakemang. The project is aligned with the Group’s commitment to achieve net zero emissions by 
2050. For the Group, this is a pioneering initiative in CCS, comparable in size to similar CCS projects 
globally. In April 2021, the Kali Berau Dalam-3X appraisal well at the Sakakemang block was 
completed with positive results. In January 2024, the Indonesian Ministry of Energy and Mineral 
Resources approved the Plan of Development (POD) which includes a facility for the production of 
the discovered gas resources and a CCS element to dispose of the CO2 produced. 
Norway 
▪ 
In Norway, in 2018, the Norwegian authorities approved the development plan of the YME field, 
located in blocks PL 316 and PL 316B of the Egersund basin, where Repsol is the operating 
company. In December 2020, the Mærsk Inspirer mobile offshore drilling and production unit was 
successfully installed at the YME field in the southern North Sea. In May 2021, Repsol agreed with 
Mærsk Drilling to take over the operation of the platform, generating further operational and 
contractual synergies for the YME licence. In October 2021, the YME field began producing oil. 
The YME field development is a brownfield development, which involves reusing existing facilities 
and infrastructures as well as the design and construction of new installations. In February 2022, the 
production licence for the Blane field was extended until 8 July 2027, and production ceased at the 
Veslefrikk field (24 wells). In November 2022, the Norwegian Petroleum Operations Safety Agency 
(PSA) approved the use of the Mikkel subsea facilities until December 2039, which translates into a 
16-year extension from July 2023. Subsea compression has achieved an increase in recoverable 
reserves, making this extension necessary. In April 2023, the Norwegian regulator granted another 
extension to produce in the Rev field in license PL 038 C (Viking Graben), from the end of 2023 to 
the end of 2026. Repsol is the operator in the Rev field with a 70% stake. 
United Kingdom 
▪ 
In the United Kingdom, in April 2022, dismantling of the Buchan and Hannay fields was completed, 
achieving a recycling rate and a reuse of recovered materials of 99%. New agreements were also 
signed to export the oil produced at Golden Eagle, Piper and Claymore to the Flotta Repsol terminal 
in Scarpa Flow, Orkney, until the end of the field’s useful life in the 2030s. In May 2022, a team was 
set up to start the preliminary design and engineering study for development of the Marigold field, 
owned by Ithaca and Hibiscus, with the Piper Bravo platform operated by Repsol Sinopec UK 
(estimated maximum production of 40 Kboe/d and 12 Mscf/d). In October 2023, Repsol and Sinopec, 
shareholders of the joint business Repsol Sinopec Resources UK (RSUK) ended the arbitration 
procedure initiated by Sinopec in relation to the acquisition process of 49% of RSUK from the 
Talisman Group in 2012. As a result, In October 2023, Repsol became the owner of 100% of RSUK 
(now named Repsol Resources UK Limited or RRUK), after having acquired from Sinopec its 49% 
interest in the shares of RSUK. 
Spain

--- Page 77 ---
Page 77 
▪ 
Cessation of production happened in June 2021 at the Casablanca platform in Tarragona after 40 
years of operation. In November 2023, the Ministry of Ecological Transition took the first steps to 
award an aid package to promote geothermal energy in Spain. According to the provisional 
resolution, Repsol obtained €15 million of financing to carry out three surveys in Madrid, La Palma 
and Tenerife. After the recent withdrawal of Tenerife’s research licences in January 2024, Repsol 
still has almost €10 million available for the surveys in Madrid and La Palma. 
As of 31 December 2023, Repsol, through its Upstream segment, had oil and gas exploration and/or 
production and geological low carbon solutions interests in 16 countries, either directly or through its 
subsidiaries, and Repsol has operated or jointly operated assets in 14 of them.  
Average production reached 599 Kboe/d in 2023, 9% higher than in 2022 as a result of the connection of 
new wells in the unconventional assets of Marcellus and Eagle Ford (USA), the acquisition of Inpex assets 
in Eagle Ford (USA), lower maintenance activity in Peru, higher demand for gas in Venezuela, the absence 
of shutdowns due to force majeure in Libya and higher production in YME (Norway). This was partially 
offset by the 2022 sale of assets at Chauvin, Duvernay and Montney in Canada, maintenance activities in 
Trinidad and Tobago, as well as the natural decline of the fields. In 2023, the average price of Brent crude 
was U.S.$82.6 per barrel, compared to an average of U.S.$101.3 per barrel reported in 2022. 
Set forth below is an overview of Repsol’s net proved reserves as at 31 December 2023 and 2022, 
respectively. 
Net proved reserves 
(unaudited) 
Crude oil, condensate 
and LPG (1)  
Natural gas (2)  
Oil equivalent (3)  
2023 
 
2022 
2023 
 
2022 
2023 
 
2022 
Europe 
 53   
41 
 55  
72 
 63  
54 
America 
 499   
494 
 6,318  
6,799 
 1,624  
1,704 
           Venezuela 
 22   
24 
 1,348  
1,469 
 262  
286 
           Peru 
 59   
63 
 1,170  
1,237 
 268  
284 
           United States 
 
 227   
269  
 2,982   
3,170  
 758   
833 
           Rest of America 
 
 190   
137  
 817   
923  
 336   
302 
Africa 
 103   
99 
 108  
89 
 122  
115 
Asia  
 1   
1 
 172  
194 
 32  
36 
Total 
 656  
635 
 6,653  
7,155 
 1,841  
1,909 
_________________________________ 
Notes: 
The aggregated changes in reserves and total reserves at 31 December may differ from the individual values shown because the calculations 
use more precise figures than those shown in the table. Net proved reserves include, in proportion to the Group’s respective ownership 
interest, the figures corresponding to its joint ventures or other companies managed as such. 
(1) 
Millions of barrels of crude oil (mmbbl).  
(2) 
Billions of cubic feet of gas (bcf).  
(3) 
Millions of barrels of oil equivalent (mmboe). 
At 
31 
December 
2023, 
Repsol’s 
net 
proved 
reserves, 
estimated 
in 
accordance 
with 
SPE/WPC/AAPG/SPEE/SEG/SPWLA/EAGE Petroleum Resources Management System criteria (a system 
more commonly known by its acronym, SPE-PRMS, with SPE standing for the Society of Petroleum 
Engineers) amounted to 1,841 mmboe, of which 656 mmbbl (36%) corresponded to crude oil, condensate 
and LPG, with the remainder, 1,185 mmboe (64%), corresponding to natural gas. 
A total of 150 mmboe in proved reserves was added in 2023, mainly as a result of extensions and discoveries as 
well as revisions of previous estimates. The proved reserves replacement ratio, calculated as the quotient between 
the total additions of proved reserves in the period and the production of the period, was 69% in 2023 (97% in 
2022).

--- Page 78 ---
Page 78 
See also “Risk Factors―3. Risks Related to Repsol’s Business Activities and Industry―Risks related to the 
Group’s estimation of its oil and gas reserves”. 
Industrial 
Repsol’s Industrial segment includes activities involving oil refining, petrochemicals, and the trading, 
transport and sale of crude oil, natural gas and fuels, including the development of new growth platforms 
such as hydrogen, biomethane, sustainable biofuels and synthetic fuels. Set forth below is certain information 
in respect of Repsol’s unaudited operating data for the periods indicated: 
 
Year ended 
31/12/2023 
Year ended 
31/12/2022 
 
(unaudited) 
Refining capacity (kbbl/d) 
1,013 
1,013 
Conversion index in Spain (%) 
63 
63 
Refining margin indicator in Spain (U.S.$/bbl) 
11.1 
15.6 
Crude processed (million t) 
42.1 
42.1 
Petrochemical product sales (kt)  
1,923 
2,451 
Chemical margin indicator in Spain (€/Tn) 
203 
267 
 _________________  
Note: 
These metrics include, in proportion to the Group’s respective ownership interest, the figures corresponding to its joint ventures or other 
companies managed as such.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group owns and operates five refineries in Spain (Cartagena, A 
Coruña, Bilbao, Puertollano and Tarragona), with a total distillation capacity of 896 thousand barrels of 
oil/day (including the stake in Asfaltos Españoles, S.A., in Tarragona) and one in Peru (La Pampilla), in 
which Repsol is the operator and has a stake of 99.2% and where the installed capacity amounts to 117 
thousand barrels of oil/day. The Group’s refineries in Spain processed 42.1 million tons of crude oil in 2023 
and 2022, respectively, and their average use of distillation in 2023 was 85% in Spain compared with 86% 
the previous year. The refining margin index in Spain in 2023 stood at U.S.$11.1 per barrel, lower than in 
2022 (U.S.$15.6 per barrel). In Peru, the refining margin index stood at U.S.$8.8 per barrel, down from 
U.S.$18.5 dollars per barrel in 2022 and average use of distillation was 86% in Peru compared to 80% the 
previous year, affected by an oil spill that occurred on 15 January 2022. See “Risk Factors―3. Risks Related 
to Repsol’s Business Activities and Industry―Operating risks related to industrial businesses and the 
marketing of the Group’s products” and “―Legal and Arbitration Proceedings―Peru”. 
The production of Repsol’s Chemicals business is concentrated in three petrochemical complexes, located in 
Puertollano and Tarragona (Spain) and Sines (Portugal), in which there is a high level of integration between 
base chemicals and derived chemicals, as well as with the Group’s refining activities in the case of the 
Spanish complexes. Repsol also has different subsidiaries and affiliates, through which it has plants dedicated 
to the manufacture of polyolefin compounds, synthetic rubber and chemical specialities, the latter through 
Dynasol, a 50% partnership with the Mexican group KUO, with plants in Spain, Mexico and China, the latter 
together with local partners. Repsol’s Chemicals business’ performance in 2023 was significantly lower than 
in 2022, with a significant decline in the margin indicator (€203/t in 2023 compared to €267/t in 2022). This 
reduction was due to a considerable decrease in demand, which, in turn, led to lower activity and adjustments 
to plant operations. Sales amounted to 1,923 kt in 2023, a decrease of 22% when compared to the previous 
year. 
Repsol also has a Trading business, the main function of which is to optimise the supply and marketing of 
the Group’s positions in international markets (integrated supply chain) and its activity consists of (i) the 
supply of crude oil and products for refining systems and other Group needs, (ii) the marketing of crude oil 
and surplus products from its own production, (iii) the maritime transport of crude oil and derivative products 
associated with these activities, and (iv) the management of product hedges in the financial derivatives

--- Page 79 ---
Page 79 
markets. In 2023, a total of 1,394 vessels were chartered (1,401 in 2022) and 406 voyages were made through 
the fleet in Time Charter (382 in 2022). 
Additionally, the Group has both its regasification and transport assets in its natural gas marketing businesses 
in North America, including the Saint John LNG regasification plant and the gas pipelines in Canada and the 
United States. In Spain, the Group holds slots capacity for its LNG discharging needs on a long-term basis. 
The year 2023 was shaped by the volatile environment resulting from international tensions. This 
notwithstanding, Repsol also continued with its drive to transform large industrial complexes as part of its 
ongoing commitment to the future sustainability of the industry: the construction of the Advanced Biofuels 
Plant (C43) in Cartagena, which is expected to be commissioned in the first quarter of 2024, thus becoming 
the first plant in Spain specifically designed to produce renewable fuels from lipid residues; announcement 
of investment in a second plant at Puertollano, which is expected to be commissioned in 2025; investment 
decision taken for the first wave of electrification of the large compressors of Repsol’s crackers in Tarragona 
and Sines; start-up of the first electrolyser at the Bilbao refinery; and start of construction on the project to 
expand the Sines industrial complex (Portugal). 
Customer 
This business segment corresponds mainly to mobility (gas stations) and the sale of fuel (e.g., gasoline, diesel, 
aviation kerosene, liquefied petroleum gas, biofuels), electricity and gas, and lubricants and other specialties. 
Set forth below is certain information in respect of Repsol’s unaudited operating data for the periods 
indicated: 
 
Year ended 
31/12/2023 
Year ended 
31/12/2022 
 
(unaudited) 
Number of service stations(1) 
4,524 
4,651 
Marketing own network sales (km3) 
14,406 
16,211 
Electricity commercialisation (GWh) 
4,478 
4,278 
Electricity and gas customers (millions)(1) 
2.2 
1.4 
LPG sales (kt)  
1,192 
1,207 
__________________________ 
Note: 
(1) 
As at 31 December. 
Repsol conducts distribution and mobility activities through its own personnel and facilities in four countries 
(Spain, Portugal, Peru and Mexico). As at 31 December 2023, Repsol had 4,524 service stations across Spain 
(3,275), Portugal (517), Peru (525) and Mexico (207). The development of the electric mobility charging 
station network also continued throughout the period, with more than 1,850 public recharge points installed 
by the end of 2023, 59% of which were operational due to the fact that the legalisation process introduces a 
certain time lag of several months between the installation of a charging station and its start-up. 
With respect to its LPG retail distribution business, Repsol distributes bottled LPG, bulk LPG and AutoGas 
in Spain, with approximately 4 million active customers as at 31 December 2023. In Portugal, Repsol 
distributes bottled LPG, bulk LPG and AutoGas to the final customer and supplies other operators. In Peru, 
it supplies AutoGas. Total LPG sales in 2023 amounted to 1,192 thousand metric tons (compared to 1,207 
thousand metric tons in 2022), of which 1,072 thousand metric tons corresponded to Spain (1,084 thousand 
metric tons in 2022), 96 thousand metric tons to Portugal (94 thousand metric tons in 2022), 22 thousand 
metric tons to Peru (27 thousand metric tons in 2022) and 3 thousand metric tons to France (2 thousand metric 
tons in 2022).

--- Page 80 ---
Page 80 
In addition, and to maximise the value of the entire chain of petroleum products from refining, Repsol is 
engaged in the production and commercialisation of lubricants, asphalts and specialised products. Production 
is mainly concentrated in Spain, although in the case of lubricants there are two additional manufacturing 
hubs: Mexico, through the joint venture with Bardahl, which covers the Americas, and Indonesia and 
Singapore, through the joint venture with United Oil, which covers Southeast Asia. Product sales in 2023 
were 7,715kt (7,261kt in 2022). 
Repsol commercialises electricity and gas in the retail sector to 2.2 million customers as at 31 December 
2023 (1.4 million in 2022), following the acquisition of a 50.01% stake in CIDE HC Energía, S.A.U. and a 
further 20% interest in Gana Energía. During the year 2023 the total volume marketed amounted to 4,478 
GWh of electricity (4,278 GWh in 2022) and 1,560 GWh of gas (1,650 GWh in 2022).  
The main highlight of Repsol’s Customer segment in 2023 included the decision to maintain the discounts 
for its customers and further enhance Repsol’s multi-energy profile. This included the launch of the 
Connected Energy Plans (Planes Energías Conectadas) that is aimed at helping Repsol’s transformation with 
the consolidation of its multi-energy profile, from which customers stand to benefit by having a single 
supplier capable of covering all their energy needs in relation to mobility and in the home (fuel, electricity, 
heating, solar or electric mobility) 
Low Carbon Generation  
This business segment corresponds mainly to low emissions (combined cycle gas turbine electricity 
generators) 
 
 
Year ended 
31/12/2023 
Year ended 
31/12/2022 
 
(unaudited) 
Electricity generation capacity (MW)(1) 
5,006 
3,870 
Electricity generation (GWh) 
8,718 
8,734 
Renewable capacity under development (MW)(1) 
3,338 
2,588 
__________________________ 
Note: 
(1) 
As at 31 December. 
In 2018, Repsol started its low carbon generation businesses with the acquisition of the non-regulated 
emission electricity production, and gas and electricity marketing businesses from Viesgo. In 2022, in 
accordance with the Plan, Repsol completed the sale of the 25% stake in Repsol Renovables to the consortium 
comprising Predica Prévoyance Dialogue du Crédit Agricole, S.A. and EIP, for €986 million. 
With respect to low carbon and renewable electricity generation, as at 31 December 2023, Repsol had a total 
installed capacity in operation of 5,006 MW (3,870 MW in 2022) consisting of hydroelectric plants (693 
MW), two combined cycle plants (1,625 MW), cogeneration plants located in its industrial complexes (600 
MW) and several operating solar (1,242 MW) and wind projects (846 MW). As at 31 December 2023, Repsol 
had a total capacity under development of 3,338 MW (2,588 MW in 2022).  
In February 2023, 100% of Asterion Energies was acquired from the European infrastructure fund Asterion 
Industrial in exchange for €544 million. The transaction includes a portfolio of 7,700 MW of renewable 
projects under development, 4,900 MW of solar PV and 2,800 MW of wind generation. The projects are 
mainly located in Spain, Italy and France. Also in February 2023, an agreement was reached with the 
developer ABO Wind España to add a further 250 MW to Repsol’s portfolio of renewable assets in Spain 
through the purchase of three wind farms (150 MW) and two solar power plants (100 MW) located in the 
province of Palencia. These assets are at an advanced stage of development and are scheduled to come 
onstream between 2024 and 2025.

--- Page 81 ---
Page 81 
In November 2023, Repsol sold a 49% stake in a 618 MW portfolio of renewable assets in Spain to 
Pontegadea (one of the world’s leading private investment groups) for €363 million. This portfolio consists 
of 12 wind farms (398 MW) and two photovoltaic plants (220 MW) in Spain. 
In 2023, electricity production totalled 8,718 GWh, compared to 8,734 GWh in 2022 (excluding generation 
at the cogeneration plants).This reduction was a product of lower demand and the decline in combined cycle 
production, offset to some degree by the start-up of new renewable energy projects. Renewable production 
amounted to 3,922 GWh in 2023, 41% higher than the previous year. 
In February 2024, the Group agreed to acquire 100% of ConnectGen a 20,000 MW project portfolio and 
development capabilities, in exchange for U.S.$782 million from 547 Energy, Quantum Capital Group’s 
renewable energy development platform. ConnectGen is a renewable energy developer with a multi-
technology approach and in-house development capabilities. This portfolio includes onshore wind, solar and 
energy storage projects, at different stages of development, in the most attractive U.S. energy regions. This 
marks Repsol’s entry into the U.S. onshore wind business, one of the largest and most promising growth 
markets in the world. The transaction was completed in March 2024.  
Board of Directors, Senior Management and Employees  
Board of Directors  
The table below sets forth the members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor and their principal 
activities outside the Guarantor, where these are significant with respect to the Guarantor, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus.  
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Guarantor 
Antonio Brufau Niubó 
Chairman 
- Member of the Business Action Council of the Spanish 
Confederation of Business Organisations (CEOE) 
- Member of the Spanish Executives Association and the 
Círculo de Economía business organisation, trustee of the 
private foundation Instituto Ildefons Cerdà 
- Trustee of Spanish Confederation of Directors and 
Executives (CEDE) 
- Trustee of the Real Instituto Elcano think tank 
- Trustee of the Foundation for Energy and Environmental 
Sustainability (FUNSEAM) 
- Trustee of COTEC (Foundation for Technological 
Innovation)  
- Trustee of the Fundación Princesa de Girona 
- Chairman of Fundación Repsol 
Josu Jon Imaz San Miguel 
CEO 
- Trustee of Fundación Repsol  
- Chairman of Fundación Consejo España-EE.UU. 
Aurora Catá Sala 
Director 
- Director of Banco Sabadell, S.A. 
- Director of Altrys Health, S.A. 
- Independent business consultant working for several 
companies 
Aránzazu Estefanía Larrañaga 
Director 
- Director of CIE Automotive, S.A. 
- Director of Global Dominion Access, S.A. 
- Secretary of the Board of Directors of Bilbao Exhibition 
Centre, S.A. 
- Chairwoman of the Economic Development Commission 
of the Economic and Social Council of the Basque 
Country 
Carmina Ganyet i Cirera 
Director 
- Corporate General Manager of Inmobiliaria Colonial 
- Director of Societe Fonciere Lyonnaise, S.A.  
- Member of Caixabank's Diversity Advisory Board

--- Page 82 ---
Page 82 
Teresa García-Milá Lloveras 
Director 
- Chairwoman (non-executive) of the Board of Directors of 
Sabadell Digital, S.A.U. (a company belonging to the 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A. group) 
- Professor of economics at Pompeu Fabra University 
- Director of the Barcelona School of Economics 
Emiliano López Achurra 
Director 
- Repsol Group: Alba Emission Free Energy, S.A. and IBIL 
Gestor de Carga de Vehículo Eléctrico, S.A. 
Manuel Manrique Cecilia  
Director 
- Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sacyr, S.A.  
- Chairman of the Board of Directors of Sacyr 
Construcción, S.A.  
- Chairman of the Board of Directors of Sacyr Concesiones, 
S.L. 
- Director of Sacyr Servicios, S.A. 
Iván Martén Uliarte  
Director 
- Director of Tubacex, S.A. 
- Director of Energy Environment and Sustainability, S.L. 
(ENSO) 
- Chairman of the International Advisory Board of the T2 
Energy Transition Fund - Tikehau Capital 
Ignacio Martín San Vicente 
Director 
- Repsol Group: Director of Repsol Renovables, S.A. 
Mariano Marzo Carpio (1) 
Director 
- Emeritus Professor and member of the Advisory Board of 
the Faculty of Earth Sciences of the University of 
Barcelona 
- Member of the Board of AGBAR 
- Columnist in different newspapers and occasional 
contributor to other written and online publications 
- Lecturer or panelist in various events 
Henri Philippe Reichstul 
Director 
- Advisory Board Member of Lhoist do Brasil Ltda. 
- Chairman and Member of the Supervisory Board of Fives 
Group 
- Member of the Board of Directors of TAM Linhas Aéreas 
- Chairman of the Board of Directors of Eneva, S.A. 
- Consultant at Ultrapar Participações, S.A. 
Isabel Torremocha Ferrezuelo 
Director 
- Director of Banco Santander España 
María del Pino Velázquez 
Medina 
Director 
- Director of Renta 4 Banco 
J. Robinson West 
Director 
- Chairman Emeritus of The Center for Energy Impact of 
the Boston Consulting Group 
 _________  
(1) 
Lead Independent Director. 
The business address of each of the directors as directors of the Guarantor is Calle Méndez Álvaro, 44, 28045 
Madrid, Spain. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of the Guarantor to the Guarantor 
and their respective private interests and/or other duties. The directors of the Guarantor have no principal 
activities performed by them outside the Guarantor where these are significant with respect to the Guarantor.  
Executive Committee  
The Guarantor has an Executive Committee (Comité Ejecutivo), which is responsible for running the global 
strategy and policies approved by the Board of Directors. The table below sets forth the members of the 
Executive Committee and their principal activities outside the Guarantor, where these are significant with 
respect to the Guarantor, as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Guarantor 
Josu Jon Imaz  
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
- Trustee of Fundación Repsol

--- Page 83 ---
Page 83 
- Chairman of Fundación Consejo España-EE.UU. 
Luis Cabra Dueñas 
Executive Managing Director 
Energy Transition, Technology, 
Institutional Affairs and Deputy 
to the CEO 
- President of Fuels Europe 
Antonio Lorenzo 
Sierra 
Executive Managing Director 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
- Member, representing the Repsol Foundation, of the Board of 
Trustees of the Pro CNIC Foundation 
- Member of the Board of Directors of the CFOs Circle 
Pablo Blanco Pérez 
Executive Managing General 
Counsel 
- N/A 
Juan Abascal 
Heredero 
Executive Managing Director of 
Industrial Transformation and 
Circular Economy 
- Board member of Cefic 
Carmen Muñoz Pérez 
Executive Managing Director of 
People & Organisation 
- N/A 
Valero Marín Sastrón 
Executive Managing Director of 
Client 
- President of IndesIA 
Francisco Gea 
Executive Managing Director of 
Exploration and Production 
(Upstream) 
- N/A 
João Costeira 
Executive Managing Director of 
Low Carbon Generation 
N/A 
The business address of each of the members of the Executive Committee of the Guarantor is Calle Méndez 
Álvaro, 44, 28045 Madrid, Spain. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the members of the Executive Committee of 
the Guarantor to the Guarantor and their respective private interests and/or other duties. The members of the 
Executive Committee of the Guarantor have no principal activities performed by them outside the Guarantor 
where these are significant with respect to the Guarantor.  
Employees 
According to the audited consolidated financial statements of Repsol, S.A. as of and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s employee headcount was 25,059 (23,770 in 2022). 
Share capital and major shareholders  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor’s share capital is comprised of 1,217,396,053 shares 
(after carrying out the share capital reduction in December 2023 through the redemption of 110 million 
treasury shares) at a nominal value of €1 fully subscribed and paid up, and admitted to listing on the 
automated quotation system (mercado continuo) of the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock 
Exchanges. The Guarantor also has a programme of ADS, currently traded on the OTCQX market in the 
United States.

--- Page 84 ---
Page 84 
In accordance with the latest information available to Repsol, at the date of this Base Prospectus the 
Guarantor’s major shareholders beneficially owned the following percentages of its ordinary shares:  
Shareholder 
Percentage of 
voting rights 
attributed to 
shares 
(direct) 
Percentage of 
voting rights 
attributed to 
shares (indirect) 
Percentage of voting 
rights through 
financial 
instruments 
Percentage 
of total 
voting 
rights 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
BlackRock, Inc. (1) 
— 
5.306 
0.169 
5.475 
Millennium Group Management LLC (2) 
— 
— 
2.003 
2.003 
Norges Bank (3) 
5.060 
— 
— 
5.060 
______________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
BlackRock, Inc. holds its stake through various controlled entities. The information relating to BlackRock, Inc. is based on the 
statement submitted by this company to the CNMV on 2 May 2022. 
(2) 
The information relating to Millennium Group Management LLC is based on the statement submitted by this company to the 
CNMV on 25 January 2024.  
(3) 
The information relating to Norges Bank is based on the statement submitted by this company to the CNMV on 6 March 2024. 
Material Contracts  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group is not party to any material contracts that are not entered 
into in the ordinary course of the Group’s business, which could result in any member of the Group being 
under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Guarantor’s or the Issuers’ ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes.  
Shareholder Remuneration 
In January 2024, the Guarantor’s shareholders were paid a total of €0.40 gross per share corresponding to: 
(i) the amount of €0.375 gross per share charged to voluntary reserves (approved by the 2023 Annual General 
Meeting) and (ii) an amount of €0.025 per share, as an interim dividend against the results of the 2023 
financial year (formally approved by the Board of Directors in December 2023). The total amount paid was 
€487 million. 
The cash remuneration received by shareholders of the Guarantor in 2023 was €0.70 per share, which 
included: 
• 
a dividend of €0.35 gross per share paid in January 2023, corresponding to: (i) a dividend of €0.325 
gross per share charged to voluntary reserves from retained earnings; and (ii) a dividend of €0.025 
gross per share charged to profit for 2022. A total of €454 million was paid; and 
• 
a dividend of €0.35 gross per share paid out in July 2023 against 2022 earnings, for a total amount 
of €447 million. 
Additionally, in June and December of 2023, the Guarantor carried out two capital reductions through the 
redemption of a total of 110 million shares, which contributed to shareholder remuneration by increasing 
earnings per share. 
On 21 February 2024 and on 20 March 2024, the Board of Directors of the Guarantor resolved to submit for 
approval at its next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting certain proposals relating to shareholder remuneration for 
2024. See “—Recent Developments”.

--- Page 85 ---
Page 85 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
The Group companies are party to judicial and arbitration proceedings arising in the ordinary course of their 
business activities. The most significant of these, which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on the Group’s financial position or profitability, and their status as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
are summarised below. 
Peru 
Following the oil spill that took place on 15 January 2022 at the facilities of the La Pampilla Refinery in 
Peru, which occurred as a result of an uncontrolled movement of the ship Mare Doricum during the unloading 
of crude oil, the National Institute for the Defence of Competition and the Protection of Intellectual Property 
of Peru (INDECOPI) filed a civil lawsuit against the Guarantor, its subsidiaries Refinería La Pampilla, S.A.A. 
(RELAPASAA) and Repsol Comercial, S.A.C (RECOSAC), as well as the Mapfre insurance company and 
the shipping companies Fratelli d'amico Armatori and Transtotal Marítima, as operators of the ship. The 
INDECOPI lawsuit was admitted in August 2022 and claims a compensation of U.S.$4,500 million for 
liabilities, U.S.$3,000 million of which correspond to direct damages and U.S.$1,500 million to moral 
damages allegedly suffered by consumers, users and third parties affected by the spill. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the civil lawsuit has not yet been notified to the Guarantor, Mapfre 
Spain or the shipowners in Italy as it follows a consular notification procedure that normally lasts a period 
of several months.  
Meanwhile, RELAPASAA, RECOSAC and Mapfre Perú have filed appeals for annulment against the 
admission of the lawsuit based on, among other things, the lack of due cause, failure to rectify the defects in 
the suit initially indicated by the judge, lack of prior settlement proceedings by INDECOPI and lack of 
identification of the claimants. The three entities have also presented formal defences, pleading, among other 
things, that INDECOPI does not have the right to demand payment, that there are settlement agreements with 
a growing number of people affected by the spill, as recorded in the Register prepared by the Peruvian 
Government, that INDECOPI’s representation is defective, and that any eventual civil liability arising out of 
the spillage depends on the results of ongoing investigations. They also formalised their substantive defences 
regarding non-contractual civil liability based on the lack of foundation for the amounts claimed, among 
other arguments. 
Also in relation to the spill, the Asociación Damnificados por Repsol filed a lawsuit against RELAPASAA 
and the insurer Mapfre Perú, claiming 5,134 million soles (approximately €1,273 million) in favour of 10,268 
allegedly affected persons. On 30 November 2022, RELAPASAA was notified of this lawsuit and 
immediately filed an appeal for annulment against the order for admission of the lawsuit based on an 
improper accumulation of claims, as well as formal defences pleading the lack of acting capacity of the 
Association on behalf of the supposedly affected individuals and lack of proper identification of those 
individuals. Finally, RELAPASAA has also formalised its substantive defence regarding non-contractual 
civil liability based on the lack of foundation for the amounts claimed, among other arguments. On 13 April 
2023, the competent judge dismissed this lawsuit, among other reasons, because the Asociación had been 
unable to provide individualised evidence of the alleged damages for each claimant as requested by Peruvian 
law. The Asociación has appealed this decision.  
The decision appealed by the Asociación Damnificados by Repsol was ratified by the court of second instance 
on 9 June 2023, confirming the ruling that rejected the claim. Such decision was not challenged by the 
Asociación within the legal period and the court therefore issued the relevant ruling definitively closing the 
case. 
In addition, on 10 January 2024, Repsol Peru B.V. and subsequently, in following days, RELAPASAA and 
the Guarantor received notice from a Dutch court of a lawsuit brought against the three companies by 
Stichting Environment and Fundamental Rights (SEFR), on behalf of almost 35,000 parties allegedly 
affected by the spill for an amount that is not quantified in the lawsuit but that SEFR are estimating at no less

--- Page 86 ---
Page 86 
than £1,000 million. Repsol Peru B.V., RELAPASAA and the Guarantor intend to assert that there is a lack 
of connection between the Dutch jurisdiction and the spill in Peru and, among other arguments, will highlight 
the similarities of this claim with that of the Asociación (which has already been dismissed).  
On 12 January 2024, RELAPASAA filed a lawsuit with a Peruvian court against Fratelli D’Amico Armatori, 
the company that owns the Mare Doricum, claiming compensation of U.S.$197.5 million plus interest for 
failure to fulfil its obligations and non-contractual liability, on the basis of the expert evidence obtained which 
proves that it was the uncontrolled and improper movement of the vessel and the fact that it shifted from the 
position envisaged to safely unload its cargo that caused the rupture of the underwater installation of 
RELAPASAA’s Terminal No. 2 and, with it, the spill of crude oil into the sea.  
The responsibility for the mooring process and its safety and operation lies with the captain and, therefore, 
with his employer, Fratelli D’Amico, in accordance with Peruvian law and international maritime law. 
Nevertheless, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, RELAPASAA has borne all the expenses corresponding 
to the remediation of the coastline and compensation to those affected by the spill (more than U.S.$300 
million). RELAPASAA intends to claim all such damages and expenses from Fratelli D’Amico through the 
relevant legal procedures. In the meantime, Fratelli D’Amico has filed a request for extrajudicial conciliation 
(a prerequisite for filing a lawsuit under Peruvian law), claiming almost U.S.$45 million from RELAPASAA 
for damages it allegedly suffered as a result of the spill. RELAPASAA considers that this potential 
counterclaim is groundless. 
As a result of the spill, various Peruvian regulatory bodies (including the Environmental Assessment and 
Control Agency (OEFA), Supervisory Agency for Investment in Energy and Mining (OSINERGMIN), 
General Directorate of Captaincies and Coast Guard (DICAPI), National Service of Natural Protected Areas 
by the State (SERNANP), and the National Forestry and Wildlife Service (SERFOR) have initiated 
sanctioning administrative procedures against RELAPASAA against which the corresponding defences have 
been presented, in addition to meeting the requirements of the authorities mentioned. There are administrative 
sanctioning procedures that are still in force either in administrative or judicial instance and their outcome 
will depend on the conclusions reached from the ongoing investigations. 
California, United States 
Repsol Energy North America Corporation, Repsol Trading USA LLC and the Guarantor are defendants in 
lawsuits for damages brought by several California counties and municipalities before the California state 
courts for losses resulting from climate change allegedly caused by emissions from their products or 
operations. In addition, the Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen Associations, Inc. also filed a lawsuit 
against these companies for similar reasons, which was dismissed in December 2023. The lawsuits allege 
that climate change has caused and continues to cause sea levels to rise and contributes to other negative 
impacts (such as more violent storms and droughts, so that coastal communities are increasingly prone to 
flooding, wildfires and wind damage, etc.). The lawsuits contain, among other things, the following 
allegations: firstly that the activities of these companies constitute a public nuisance — a form of tort — and, 
secondly, that the defendants have downplayed the dangers of climate change (and the relationship between 
fossil fuel products and climate change) in order to continue selling their products.  
These lawsuits are directed against several energy companies (more than 30 defendants), and a ruling has yet 
to be handed down. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no final court ruling ordering the Repsol 
entities to pay damages for their alleged contribution to climate change, nor is there any quantification of 
damages by the plaintiffs. 
Administrative and legal proceedings with tax implications  
Repsol does business globally, operating as a vertically-integrated oil and gas company, which translates into 
growing complexity with respect to tax management in the current international context.

--- Page 87 ---
Page 87 
In accordance with current tax legislation, tax returns cannot be considered final until they have been audited 
by the tax authorities or until the statute of limitation period in each tax jurisdiction has elapsed. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the years for which Repsol Group companies have their tax returns 
open for audit in respect of the main applicable taxes are as follows: 
Country 
Years 
Country 
Years 
Algeria 
2019 – 2023 
Luxembourg 
2019 – 2023 
Bolivia 
2016 – 2023 
México 
2019 – 2023 
Brazil 
2018 – 2023 
Norway 
2018 – 2023 
Chile 
2020 – 2023 
Netherlands 
2020 – 2023 
Colombia 
2018 – 2023 
Peru 
2020 – 2023 
Spain 
2021 – 2023 
Portugal 
2020 – 2023 
United States 
2020 – 2023 
United Kingdom 
2018 – 2023 
Indonesia 
2019 – 2023 
Singapore 
2018 – 2023 
Italy 
2017 – 2023 
Trinidad and Tobago 
2017 – 2023 
Libya 
2015 – 2023 
Venezuela 
2017 – 2023 
 
Whenever discrepancies arise between Repsol and the tax authorities with respect to the tax treatment 
applicable to certain operations, the Group acts with the authorities in a transparent and cooperative manner 
in order to resolve the resulting controversy, using the legal avenues available with a view to reaching non-
litigious solutions. However, there are administrative and legal proceedings with tax implications that might 
be adverse to the Group’s interest and that have given rise to litigious situations that could result in additional 
tax liabilities. Repsol believes that it has acted lawfully in handling such matters and that its defence 
arguments are underpinned by reasonable interpretations of prevailing legislation, to which end it has lodged 
appeals as necessary to defend the interests of the Group and its shareholders. 
It is difficult to predict when these tax proceedings will be resolved due to the extensive appeals process. 
Based on the advice received from in-house and external tax experts, Repsol believes that the tax liabilities 
that may ultimately derive from these proceedings will not have a significant impact on Repsol’s financial 
statements.  
As a general rule, the Group recognises provisions for tax-related proceedings that it deems it is likely to 
lose. The amounts to be provisioned are calculated on the basis of the best estimate of the amount needed to 
settle the lawsuit in question, underpinned, among others, by a case-by-case analysis of the facts, the legal 
opinions of its in-house and external advisers and prior experience from past events in these matters. 
The main tax-related lawsuits affecting the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Bolivia 
YPFB Andina, S.A. is involved in a lawsuit regarding the deduction of royalty payments and hydrocarbon 
shares from its income tax. After an unfavourable ruling at first instance, a favourable ruling was handed 
down at second instance, which was challenged by the tax authorities before the Supreme Court. On 16 
January 2024, this Court ruled that the appeal to the Supreme Court filed by the tax authorities was unfounded 
(the ruling is not yet final as it is subject to appeal). 
Brazil  
Petrobras, as operator of the Albacora Leste (currently operated by Petro Rio), BMS 7, BMES 21 and BMS 
9 consortia (in which Repsol has or had a 6%, 22%, 7% and 15% net interest, respectively) received various 
tax assessments (IRRF, CIDE and PIS/COFINS) for 2008 to 2013, in connection with payments to foreign 
companies for charter contracts for exploration platforms and related services.

--- Page 88 ---
Page 88 
Repsol Sinopec Brasil, S.A. (RSB) received tax assessments for the same items and taxes (2009 and 2011) 
in connection with payments to foreign companies for charter contracts for exploration charters and related 
services. 
These lawsuits are currently limited to CIDE for 2009 and CIDE and PIS/COFINS for 2011. These cases are 
being appealed at first instance through the Courts, and in the case of CIDE for 2009, an unfavourable 
preliminary decision has been handed down and a request for clarification has been filed with the same Court. 
Repsol believes that its actions were lawful and in line with industry practice. 
Furthermore, in 2021 and 2022, RSB received tax assessments adjusting the price applied by Agri, B.V. and 
Guara, B.V. for 2016 and 2017, and Lapa, B.V. for 2017, in the contracting of drilling and extraction 
platforms. In October 2023, the company was notified of a new assessment in respect of the same issue for 
2018. Repsol has appealed these adjustments as it considers that the methodology used to determine the price 
of the services is correct and in accordance with the law, obtaining favourable rulings at first instance through 
administrative proceedings with respect to 2016 and 2017. 
Spain 
Proceedings relating to the following corporate income tax years are still open: 
▪ 
Tax audits for 2006 to 2009. The issues under dispute relate mainly to (i) transfer pricing, (ii) tax 
credits for losses incurred on activities and investments abroad, and (iii) the application of investment 
incentives. In relation to 2007-2009, the lawsuit has concluded with most of Repsol’s claims being 
upheld; a decision has yet to be handed down by the National Court for 2006. More than 90% of the 
debt originally claimed by the tax authorities has been cancelled. 
▪ 
Tax audits for 2010 to 2013. The tax audits were concluded in 2017 without any penalties being 
imposed and, for the most part, through assessments signed on an uncontested basis or agreements 
that did not generate significant liabilities for the Group. However, with regard to two issues 
(deduction of interest for the late payment of taxes and the deduction of losses incurred on activities 
and investments abroad), the administrative decision was appealed, as Repsol considers that it acted 
within the law. The decision on this lawsuit has yet to be handed down by the National Court. 
▪ 
Tax audits for 2014 to 2016. The tax audits ended in 2019 without any penalties being imposed and, 
for the most part, with assessments signed on an uncontested basis or agreements that did not 
generate significant liabilities for the Group. However, there are still disputes regarding the tax 
credits for losses incurred on activities and investments abroad and application of the limits on the 
use of tax assets established in Royal Decree Law 3/2016 (this last issue has been recently resolved 
by the Constitutional Court, declaring null and void this Royal Decree). The decision on this lawsuit 
has yet to be handed down by the National Court.  
▪ 
Tax audits for 2017 to 2020. The tax audits ended without any penalties being imposed and, for the 
most part, with assessments signed on an uncontested basis that did not generate significant liabilities 
for the Group. However, a new issue has arisen regarding tax credits for activities and investments 
abroad and the administrative decision will be appealed. 
Repsol is also involved in lawsuits related to requests for tax refunds as a result of applying tax rules 
considered to be illegal, unconstitutional or contrary to European Union law (e.g., regional hydrocarbon tax 
rates). In particular, Repsol has appealed and requested a refund of the temporary energy levy as it violates 
the Spanish Constitution and European Union law. 
Indonesia 
The Indonesian tax authorities have been questioning the application of the reduced branch profit tax rate 
established in the double tax treaties imposed on the Group’s permanent establishments in Indonesia. The

--- Page 89 ---
Page 89 
Group considers that its actions are in line with industry practice and are in accordance with the law and, 
therefore, appeals have been filed through administrative proceedings or through the Courts. 
Peru 
The Energy and Mining Investment Supervisory Body OSINERGMIN has ordered RELAPASAA to pay the 
“contribution for regulation of companies in the hydrocarbons subsector” for the sales of aviation fuel for 
international flights. RELAPASAA considers that these sales are exempt from payment of this contribution 
since the product is intended for consumption on flights abroad. The Tax Court (administrative proceedings) 
has upheld RELAPASAA’s arguments and ordered the tax authorities to verify that the fuel was actually 
used for international flights. This position is not final and could be challenged in court by the tax authorities.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group does not expect any additional liabilities to arise that could 
have a significant impact on the Group’s profit as a result of the above proceedings.

--- Page 90 ---
Page 90 
TAXATION  
Luxembourg 
Introduction 
The following is a summary of certain material Luxembourg tax consequences of purchasing, owning and 
disposing of Notes issued by Repsol Europe Finance. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all 
possible tax situations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or sell Notes. It is included herein 
solely for preliminary information purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal 
or tax advice. This summary does not allow any conclusion to be drawn with respect to issues not specifically 
addressed. The following description of Luxembourg tax law is based on the Luxembourg law and 
regulations in effect and as interpreted by the Luxembourg tax authorities on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
These laws and interpretations are subject to change that may occur after such date, even with retroactive or 
retrospective effect.  
Prospective Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers as to the particular tax consequences of 
subscribing, purchasing, holding and disposing of the Notes, including the application and effect of any 
federal, state or local taxes under the tax laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and each country of which 
they are residents or citizens. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please 
note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des 
collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), the solidarity surcharge (contribution 
au fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu des personnes physiques). 
Corporate taxpayers may further be subject to net worth tax (impôt sur la fortune), as well as other duties, 
levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax and the solidarity surcharge invariably apply 
to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally 
subject to personal income tax and a solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where individual 
taxpayers act in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business 
tax may apply as well. 
Tax residency 
A Noteholder will not become resident, nor be deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg solely by virtue of 
holding and/or disposing of Notes or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of his/her 
rights thereunder. 
Withholding tax 
Resident Noteholders 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect (subject to the exception below), there is no withholding tax 
on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) made to a Luxembourg resident Noteholder. 
There is also no Luxembourg withholding tax upon repayment of principal, refund or redemption of the 
Notes held by a Luxembourg resident Noteholder.  
However, under the amended Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 (Relibi Law), a 20% Luxembourg 
withholding tax is levied on interest or similar income payments made by Luxembourg paying agents, with 
respect to Notes listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market, to or for the immediate benefit of an 
individual beneficial owner who is resident in Luxembourg. This withholding tax also applies on accrued or 
capitalised interest received upon disposal, redemption or repurchase of such Notes. Such withholding tax 
will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the

--- Page 91 ---
Page 91 
management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding tax is assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent.  
Further, pursuant to Relibi Law, Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the course of the management of 
their private wealth, who are the beneficial owners of interest payments and other similar income (for the 
avoidance of doubt, exclusively under the Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market) 
made by a paying agent established outside Luxembourg in a Member State of the EU or the EEA, may opt 
for a final 20% levy. In such case, the 20% levy is calculated on the same amounts as for the payments made 
by Luxembourg paying agents. The option for the 20% final levy must cover all interest payments made by 
such foreign paying agents to the beneficial owner during the entire civil year. Responsibility for the 
declaration and payment of the 20% levy is assumed by the Luxembourg resident individual beneficial owner 
of the interest. 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect, there is no withholding tax on payments of interest (including 
accrued but unpaid interest) made to a Luxembourg non-resident Noteholder. There is also no Luxembourg 
withholding tax upon repayment of the principal, refund or redemption of the Notes held by a Luxembourg 
non-resident Noteholder. 
Income tax 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who have neither a permanent establishment nor a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable are not liable to any 
Luxembourg income tax, whether they receive payments of principal or interest (including accrued but 
unpaid interest) or realise capital gains upon redemption, repurchase, sale, disposal or exchange, in any form 
whatsoever, of any Notes. 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who have a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable are liable to Luxembourg income 
tax on any interest received or accrued, as well as any reimbursement premium received at maturity and any 
capital gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes and have to include this 
income in their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. Taxable gains are 
determined as being the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including accrued but 
unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed.  
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Luxembourg resident individuals 
A resident individual Noteholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is subject 
to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue discounts under the 
Notes, except if a final withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Relibi Law. 
Under Luxembourg domestic tax law, gains realised upon the sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes, 
which do not constitute zero coupon notes, by an individual Noteholder, who is a resident of Luxembourg 
for tax purposes and who acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth are not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the acquisition 
of the Notes.  
A resident individual Noteholder, who acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth and 
who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, has further to include the portion of the gain corresponding

--- Page 92 ---
Page 92 
to accrued but unpaid income in respect of the Notes in his/her taxable income, insofar as the accrued but 
unpaid interest is indicated separately in the agreement. 
A gain realised upon a sale of Zero Coupon Notes before their maturity by Luxembourg resident Noteholders, 
in the course of the management of their private wealth, must be included in their taxable income for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking to which the Notes are attributable, have to include any interest received or accrued, as 
well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal of the Notes, in any form whatsoever, in their taxable income 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with the Relibi 
Law will be credited against the final tax liability of the Noteholders. Taxable gains are determined as being 
the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including accrued but unpaid interest) and 
the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed. 
Luxembourg corporate residents 
Luxembourg corporate Noteholders must include any interest received or accrued, redemption premium or 
issue discounts under the Notes as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal of the Notes, in their 
taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. Taxable gains are determined as being the 
difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including but unpaid interest) and the lower of 
the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed. 
Luxembourg corporate residents benefiting from a special tax regime 
Luxembourg corporate Noteholders who benefit from a special tax regime, such as, for example, (i) 
undertakings for collective investment governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010, (ii) specialised 
investment funds governed by the amended law of 13 February 2007, (iii) family wealth management 
companies governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007 or (iv) reserved alternative investment funds treated 
as specialised investment funds for Luxembourg tax purposes and governed by the amended law of 23 July 
2016 are exempt from income taxes in Luxembourg and thus income derived from the Notes, as well as gains 
realised thereon, are not subject to income taxes. 
Net worth tax 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders and non-resident Noteholders who have a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, are subject to net 
worth tax on such Notes, except if the Noteholder is (i) an individual, (ii) an undertaking for collective 
investment governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010, (iii) a securitisation company subject to the 
amended law of 22 March 2004, (iv) a company governed by the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, (v) a specialised investment fund governed by the amended law of 13 February 2007, (vi) a 
family wealth management company governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007, (vii) a professional 
pension institution governed by the amended law of 13 July 2005, or (viii) a reserved alternative investment 
fund governed by the amended law of 23 July 2016. 
However, (i) a securitisation company governed by the amended law of 22 March 2004, (ii) a professional 
pension institution governed by the amended law of 13 July 2005, (iii) a company governed by the amended 
law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, or (iv) an opaque reserved alternative investment fund 
treated as a venture capital vehicle for Luxembourg tax purposes and governed by the amended law of 23 
July 2016 are subject to a minimum net worth tax. 
Other taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in Luxembourg 
by the Noteholders as a consequence of the issuance of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes be payable as

--- Page 93 ---
Page 93 
a consequence of a subsequent transfer, redemption or repurchase of the Notes unless such issuance, transfer, 
redemption or repurchase is (i) voluntarily presented to the registration formalities, or (ii) appended to a 
document that requires mandatory registration. 
Under current Luxembourg tax law, where an individual Noteholder is a resident of Luxembourg for 
inheritance tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the Notes are included in his/her taxable base for 
inheritance tax purposes. On the contrary, no estate or inheritance taxes are levied on the transfer of the Notes 
upon death of an individual Noteholder in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for 
inheritance tax purposes at the time of his/her death. Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes if the 
gift is recorded in a deed passed in front of a Luxembourg notary or otherwise registered in Luxembourg. 
The Netherlands  
Introduction 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax considerations 
that could be relevant to holders of the Notes issued by Repsol International Finance B.V. This summary is 
intended for general information only. Each prospective holder should consult a professional tax adviser with 
respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes. This summary is based on Dutch tax legislation 
and published case law in force as of the date of this document. It does not take into account any developments 
or amendments thereof after that date, whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive 
effect. For the purposes of this section, “The Netherlands” shall mean that part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands that is in Europe and “the relevant Issuer” shall mean Repsol International Finance B.V. 
Scope 
Regardless of whether or not a holder of Notes is, or is treated as being, a resident of the Netherlands, with 
the exception of the section on withholding tax below, this summary does not address the Dutch tax 
consequences for such a holder: 
(i) 
having a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in the relevant Issuer (such a substantial interest 
is generally present if an equity stake of at least 5%, or a right to acquire such a stake, is held, in each 
case by reference to the relevant Issuer’s total issued share capital, or the issued capital of a certain 
class of shares); 
(ii) 
who is a private individual and who may be taxed in “box 1” for the purposes of Dutch income tax 
(inkomstenbelasting) as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) having an enterprise (onderneming) to which 
the Notes are attributable, or who may otherwise be taxed in “box 1” with respect to benefits derived 
from the Notes; 
(iii) 
which is a corporate entity and a taxpayer for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax 
(vennootschapsbelasting), having a participation (deelneming) in the relevant Issuer (such a 
participation is generally present in the case of an interest of at least 5% of the relevant Issuer’s 
nominal paid-in capital);  
(iv) 
which is a corporate entity and an exempt investment institution (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstelling) 
or investment institution (fiscale beleggingsinstelling) for the purposes of Dutch corporate income 
tax, a pension fund, or otherwise not a taxpayer or exempt for tax purposes;  
(v) 
which is a corporate entity and a resident of any non-European part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands; or 
(vi) 
which is not considered the beneficial owner (uiteindelijk gerechtigde) of the Notes and/or the 
benefits derived from the Notes.

--- Page 94 ---
Page 94 
This summary does not describe the Dutch tax consequences for a person to whom the Notes are attributed 
on the basis of the separated private assets provisions (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) in the Dutch 
Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001) and/or the Dutch Gift and Inheritance Tax Act 1956 
(Successiewet 1956).  
This summary also does not address the Dutch tax consequences for a holder of Notes that is considered to 
be affiliated (gelieerd) to any Issuer within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021). Generally, a holder of Notes is considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) to an Issuer for 
these purposes if such holder of Notes, either individually or as part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende 
groep), has a decisive influence on the Issuer’s decisions, in such a way that such holder of Notes, or the 
collaborating group of which it forms part, is able to determine the activities of the Issuer. A holder of Notes, 
or the collaborating group of which such holder of Notes forms part, that holds more than 50% of the voting 
rights in the Issuer, or in which the relevant Issuer holds more than 50% of the voting rights, is in any event 
considered to be affiliated. A holder of Notes is also considered to be affiliated if a third party holds more 
than 50% of the voting rights both in such holder of Notes and the Issuer. 
Withholding tax 
All payments made by the Issuers under the Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction for any 
taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, except where Notes are issued under such terms and 
conditions that such Notes can be classified as equity of the relevant Issuer for Dutch civil law purposes 
and/or for Dutch tax purposes or function as equity of the relevant Issuer within the meaning of article 10, 
paragraph 1, letter d, of the Dutch Corporation Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969).  
Income tax 
Resident holders:  
A holder who is a private individual and a resident, or treated as being a resident of the Netherlands for the 
purposes of Dutch income tax, must record Notes as assets that are held in “box 3”. Such private individual 
will not be subject to taxes on the basis of income actually received or gains actually realised in respect of 
the Notes. Instead, such individual is generally taxed at a flat rate of 36% on deemed income from savings 
and other investments (sparen en beleggen), which deemed income is determined on the basis of the amount 
included in the individual’s yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year (minus 
a tax-free threshold; the yield basis minus such threshold being the tax basis). For the 2024 tax year, the 
deemed income derived from savings and other investments will be a percentage of the tax basis up to 6.04% 
that is determined based on the actual allocation of (i) savings, (ii) other investments and (iii) debts/liabilities 
within the individual’s yield basis. The tax-free threshold for 2024 is €57,000. The percentages to determine 
the deemed income will be reassessed every year. These rules are subject to litigation and may therefore 
change. Holders of Notes may need to file (protective) appeals to any assessments based on these rules to 
benefit from any beneficial case law. 
Non-resident holders: A holder who is a private individual and neither a resident, nor treated as being a 
resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Dutch income tax, will not be subject to such tax in respect 
of benefits derived from the Notes, unless such holder is entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or 
a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise which is effectively managed in the Netherlands, to which 
enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
Corporate income tax 
Resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity and, for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax, 
a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands, is taxed in respect of benefits derived from the 
Notes at rates of up to 25.8%.

--- Page 95 ---
Page 95 
Non-resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity and, for the purposes of Dutch corporate income 
tax, is neither a resident, nor treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands, will not be subject to corporate 
income tax, unless such holder has an interest in an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried on through 
a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands (a Dutch Enterprise 
(Nederlandse onderneming)), to which Dutch Enterprise the Notes are attributable, or such holder is (other 
than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth 
of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are 
attributable. Such holder is taxed in respect of benefits derived from the Notes at rates of up to 25.8%. 
Gift and inheritance tax 
Resident holders: Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax (schenk- of erfbelasting) will arise in respect of an 
acquisition (or deemed acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes who 
is a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance 
tax. 
Non-resident holders: No Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax will arise in respect of an acquisition (or deemed 
acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes who is neither a resident, nor 
treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance tax. 
Other taxes 
No Dutch turnover tax (omzetbelasting) will arise in respect of any payment in consideration for the issue of 
Notes, with respect to any cash settlement of Notes or with respect to the delivery of Notes. Furthermore, no 
Dutch registration tax, capital tax, transfer tax or stamp duty (nor any other similar tax or duty) will be 
payable in connection with the issue or acquisition of the Notes. 
Residency 
A holder will not become a resident, or a deemed resident, of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes by 
reason only of holding the Notes.  
The Kingdom of Spain 
General 
The following is an overview of the principal Spanish tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of 
Notes. 
This overview is not a complete analysis or listing of all the possible tax consequences of the ownership or 
disposition of the Notes. It does not consider every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular 
holder of Notes under special circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law or to 
the special tax regimes applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra (Territorios Forales). Prospective 
investors should therefore consult their tax advisers with respect to the Spanish and other tax consequences 
taking into consideration the circumstances of each particular case.  
The statements regarding Spanish tax laws set out below are based on those laws in force at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date.  
a) Withholding tax 
Payments made by the relevant Issuer 
On the basis that none of the Issuers is resident in the Kingdom of Spain for tax purposes and do not operate 
in the Kingdom of Spain through a permanent establishment, branch or agency, all payments of principal and

--- Page 96 ---
Page 96 
interest made by any of the Issuers in respect of the Notes can be made free of any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of any taxes in the Kingdom of Spain of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or 
assessed by the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in 
accordance with applicable Spanish law. 
Under certain conditions, withholding taxes may apply to Spanish taxpayers when a Spanish resident entity 
or a non-resident entity that operates in the Kingdom of Spain through a permanent establishment in the 
Kingdom of Spain is acting as depositary of the Notes or as collecting agent of any income arising from the 
Notes.  
Payments made by the Guarantor 
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the 
Senior Guarantee and the Subordinated Guarantee, as applicable, should be characterised as an indemnity 
and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having power to tax. 
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event 
that the Spanish Tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively assumed 
all the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the Senior 
Guarantee or the Subordinated Guarantee, as applicable, they may attempt to impose withholding tax in the 
Kingdom of Spain on any payments made by the Guarantor in respect of interest at the general withholding 
tax rate (currently, 19 per cent.). Such interest withholding tax shall not apply however, among others, when 
the recipient is either: 
(a) 
resident for tax purposes in a Member State of the European Union, other than the Kingdom of Spain, 
or in another state member of the European Economic Area with which there is an effective exchange 
of information with Spain (or is a permanent establishment of such resident situated in another 
Member State of the European Union or in another state member of the European Economic Area 
with which there is an effective exchange of information with Spain) not acting through a territory 
considered as a non-cooperative jurisdiction (as set out in the First Additional Provision of Spanish 
Act 36/2006, of 29 November, as amended through Act 11/2021, of 9 July and as currently defined 
in Decree HFP/115/2023 of 9 February 2023, as amended and/or restated) nor through a permanent 
establishment in Spain or in a country outside the European Union or outside a country in the 
European Economic Area with which there is an effective exchange of information with Spain, 
provided that such person submits to the Guarantor a valid tax residence certificate, issued by the 
competent Tax Authorities, such certificate being valid for a period of one year from the date of issue 
under Spanish law and therefore new certificates needing to be issued periodically,  
(b) 
resident in a country which has entered into a Tax Treaty with Spain which provides for the 
exemption from withholding of interest paid under the Notes, provided that such person submits to 
the Guarantor a valid tax resident certificate, issued by the competent Tax Authorities, such 
certificate being valid for a period of one year from the date of issue under Spanish law and therefore 
new certificates needing to be issued periodically, or  
(c) 
a Spanish Corporate Income Taxpayer, provided that the Notes have been admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, as initially envisaged.  
Finally, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, would apply to the Subordinated Notes, provided that, 
among other things, the Subordinated Notes are issued by a company which is (i) tax resident in a country 
within the European Union, other than a non-cooperative jurisdiction, and (ii) whose voting rights are entirely 
held directly by a Spanish entity.

--- Page 97 ---
Page 97 
Should Law 10/2014 be applicable (which the Issuers expect should be the case in relation to the 
Subordinated Notes), the Guarantor, in accordance with Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, would 
not be obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid under the Subordinated Guarantee to the 
beneficial owners of the income arising from the Subordinated Notes, that (i) can be regarded as listed debt 
securities issued under Law 10/2014; and (ii) are initially registered at a foreign clearing and settlement entity 
that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state, provided that 
the Paying Agent complies with the information procedures described in “―Disclosure of Information in 
connection with payments under the Guarantee” below. 
Therefore, should Law 10/2014 be applicable, the exemption from Spanish withholding tax referred to above 
should be applicable so long as the Subordinated Notes are represented by Global Notes and the Global Notes 
are deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, upon the 
compliance by the Paying Agent of the information procedures. Otherwise, the Guarantor or the Paying 
Agent acting on its behalf, would be required to withhold tax from the relevant interest payments at the 
general withholding tax rate (currently 19 per cent.). 
Disclosure of information in connection with payments under the Subordinated Guarantee 
In accordance with section 5 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 and provided that the Subordinated 
Notes are initially registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
Paying Agent would be obliged to provide the Guarantor in relation to payments made under the 
Subordinated Guarantee with a declaration (the form of which is set out in the Agency Agreement), which 
should include the following information: 
(i)  
description of the Subordinated Notes (and date of payment of the interest income derived from such 
Subordinated Notes);  
(ii) 
date of payment of the interest income derived from such Subordinated Notes; 
(iii) 
total amount of interest derived from the Subordinated Notes, and 
(iv)  
total amount of interest allocated to each non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity involved. 
According to section 6 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the relevant declaration will have to be 
provided to the Guarantor on the business day immediately preceding each Interest Payment Date. If this 
requirement is complied with, the Guarantor will pay gross (without deduction of any withholding tax) all 
interest under the Subordinated Notes to all Noteholders (irrespective of whether they are tax resident in 
Spain). 
In the event that the Paying Agent were to fail to provide the information detailed above, according to section 
7 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the Guarantor, or the Paying Agent acting on its behalf would be 
required to withhold tax from the relevant interest payments at the general withholding tax rate (currently 19 
per cent.). If on or before the 10th day of the month following the month in which the interest is payable, the 
Paying Agent designated by the Issuer were to submit such information, the Guarantor or the Paying Agent 
acting on its behalf would refund the total amount of taxes withheld. 
If Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014 were not deemed applicable to the Subordinated Notes, the 
relevant Additional Amounts will be payable according to Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
In the event that the current applicable procedures were to be modified, amended or supplemented by, among 
other things, a Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, the Guarantor 
would inform the Noteholders of such information procedures and of their implications, as the Guarantor 
may be required to apply withholding tax on interest payments under the Subordinated Notes in the event the 
Noteholders were to fail to comply with such information procedures.

--- Page 98 ---
Page 98 
b) Taxes on income and capital gains. 
Non-Resident Noteholder 
This paragraph is of application to a non-resident of Spain for tax purposes, whose holding of Notes is not 
effectively connected to a permanent establishment in Spain through which such person or entity carries on 
a business or trade in Spain (Non-Resident Noteholder).  
For Spanish tax purposes the holding of the Notes will not in and of itself cause a non-Spanish resident to be 
considered tax resident in Spain nor to be considered to have a permanent establishment in Spain.  
Payments made by the relevant Issuer to a Non-Resident Noteholder will not be subject to Spanish tax.  
Subject to the above (see “Payments made by the Guarantor”), any payment by the Guarantor that could be 
made pursuant to the Senior Guarantee and the Subordinated Guarantee, as applicable, to a Non-Resident 
Noteholder will not be subject to withholding tax levied by Spain, and such Noteholder will not, by virtue of 
receipt of such payment, become subject to other additional taxation in Spain.  
A Non-Resident Noteholder will not be subject to any Spanish taxes on capital gains in respect of a gain 
realised on the disposal of a Note.  
Residents  
Spanish tax-residents are subject to Corporate or Individual Income Tax on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, 
income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons or entities that are 
considered residents in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that (i) a Spanish corporation pays interest, or (ii) 
interest is paid in Spain, will not lead an individual or entity being considered tax-resident in Spain.  
As a general rule, non-Spanish taxes withheld at source on income obtained out of Spain are deducted when 
computing tax liability, provided that they do not exceed the corresponding Spanish tax. Specific rules may 
apply according to tax treaties. 
It is to be noted that if Notes are traded in Spain, general rules governing advanced taxation at source 
(retenciones) will be applicable in connection with Spanish tax-resident Noteholders of the Notes. The rate 
of taxation at source is currently set at 19%. However, when the income recipient is a corporation, certain 
exemptions have been established, so corporate Noteholders are suggested to obtain independent tax advice. 
The advanced tax is credited against final Individual or Corporate Income Tax with no limit; hence, any 
excess entitles the taxpayer to a refund. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Income Tax rates applicable in Spain are: 
(i) for individual taxpayers 19% up to €6,000; 21% for taxable capital income between €6,000.01 and 
€50,000; 23% for taxable capital income between €50,001 and €200,000; 27% on taxable capital 
income between €200,001 and €300,000; and 28% on taxable capital income exceeding €300,000. 
(ii) for corporate taxpayers 25%, though, under certain circumstances (small companies, non-profit 
entities, among others), a lower rate may apply. 
Net Wealth Tax (NWT) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals (i.e., corporations and entities, either resident or non-resident, are 
not affected by this particular tax but by legislation of Corporate Income Tax or Non-Resident Income Tax). 
Non-residents

--- Page 99 ---
Page 99 
NWT may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only on those assets and rights that are located or 
that may be exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory. 
As the Notes are issued by a non-resident entity and are not payable in Spain, no tax liability would arise for 
those non-resident individual investors without a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Residents 
Under Law 19/1991, 6 June 1991, as amended (the NWT Law), all Spanish-resident individual Noteholders 
are liable for NWT on all net assets and rights deemed to be owned as of 31 December, irrespective of where 
these assets are located or where the rights may be exercised, and amounting to more than €700,000 (such 
amount may be lower depending on the Spanish region of domicile of the taxpayer). A Noteholder who is 
required to file a NWT return should value the Notes at their average trading price in the last quarter of the 
year. Such average trading price is published on an annual basis by the Spanish Ministry of Finance. 
NWT is levied at rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5%, without prejudice to any relevant exemption which 
may apply and the relevant laws and regulations in force in each autonomous region of Spain. Thus, investors 
should consult their tax advisers according to the particulars of their situation. 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Solidarity Tax) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals (i.e., corporations and entities, either resident or non-resident, are 
not affected by this particular tax but by legislation of Corporate Income Tax or Non-Resident Income Tax).  
The Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes, approved by Law 38/2022 of 27 December 2022, was initially 
established on a temporary basis, exclusively for the tax periods 2022 and 2023. Nevertheless, based on the 
recent Royal Decree-Law 8/2023, of 27 December 2023, the temporary application of the Solidarity Tax on 
Large Fortunes has been extended until the revision of wealth tax in Spanish autonomous regions, which 
would take place in the context of the reform of Spain’s regional financial system, is completed. 
Non-residents 
Solidarity Tax may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only on those assets and rights that are 
located or that may be exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory.  
As the Notes are issued by a non-resident entity and are not payable in Spain, no tax liability should arise for 
those non-resident individual investors without a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Residents 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to the Solidarity Tax to the extent that their net worth 
exceeds €3,000,000. Nonetheless, the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000.00, 
which means that its effective impact, in general, will occur when their net wealth, not tax exempt, is greater 
than €3,700,000. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as of 31 
December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 1.7 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Since the Autonomous Communities apply the current regional Net Wealth Tax (as described above), in 
order to avoid double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Net Wealth Tax should be deductible 
from the Solidarity Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (IGT) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals (i.e., corporations and entities, either resident or non-resident, are 
not affected by this particular tax).

--- Page 100 ---
Page 100 
Non-residents 
IGT may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only on those assets and rights that are located or 
that may be exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory. 
As the Notes are issued by a non-resident entity and are not payable in Spain, no tax liability would arise for 
those non-resident individual investors without a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Residents 
The transfer of the Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy (on death or as a gift) to individuals resident in Spain 
is subject to IGT as set out in Law 29/1987, of 18 December (the IGT Law), being payable by the person 
who acquires the securities, at an effective tax rate ranging from 7.65% to 81.60%, according to the IGT 
Law. However, final effective taxation may vary depending on relevant factors (such as the specific 
regulations imposed by each Spanish region, the amount of the pre-existing assets of the taxpayer and the 
degree of kinship with the deceased or donor). 
As the actual collection of this tax depends on the regulations of each Autonomous Community, investors 
should consult their tax advisers according to the particulars of their situation.

--- Page 101 ---
Page 101 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement  
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement dated 
10 April 2024 (as further amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the Dealer Agreement) between 
the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous 
basis by each Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, each Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes 
directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing 
market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. 
The Notes may also be sold by each Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the relevant Issuer. The 
Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers.  
The relevant Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. Each Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in 
connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme.  
Each Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations under the Dealer Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes, including in the event 
that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on the Issue Date. In these 
circumstances, the issuance of the Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered. 
Selling Restrictions  
Belgium  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will 
not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
United States 
The Notes, the Senior Guarantee and the Subordinated Guarantee have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act of 1933 (The Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation 
S).  
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and 
U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered and 
sold the Notes of any identifiable tranche, and shall not offer and sell the Notes of any identifiable Tranche,

--- Page 102 ---
Page 102 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution 
of such Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period, as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 103 ---
Page 103 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the FSMA) by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor; and 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
The Kingdom of Spain 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that, the Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed in the 
Kingdom of Spain, nor may any subsequent resale of the Notes be carried out except (i) in circumstances 
which do not require the registration of a prospectus in the Kingdom of Spain in accordance with Law 6/2023 
on the Securities Markets and Investment Services (Ley 6/2023, 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y 
de los Servicios de Inversión) (the Spanish Securities Market Act) and the Prospectus Regulation; and (ii) 
by institutions authorised to provide investment services in the Kingdom of Spain under the Spanish 
Securities Market Act. 
Neither the Notes nor the Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and, therefore, the Base Prospectus is not 
intended to be used for any public offering of Notes in the Kingdom of Spain non-exempted from the 
prospectus requirements. 
The Netherlands  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in 
definitive bearer form on which interest does not become due and payable during their term but only at 
maturity (savings certificates or spaarbewijzen, as defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates Act or Wet 
inzake spaarbewijzen (the SCA)) may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from 
or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the relevant Issuer or a member firm of Euronext 
Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which 
include registration requirements). No such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue 
of those Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in 
the conduct of a business or profession, and (iii) the issue and trading of those Notes, if they are physically 
issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed in The Netherlands in the course of primary trading 
or immediately thereafter.

--- Page 104 ---
Page 104 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as 
used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under 
the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO) and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase 
and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base

--- Page 105 ---
Page 105 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) 
to an institutional investor as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore - Unless 
otherwise stated at the time of the relevant issue of Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products/capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products/Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products). 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB), the Italian Securities Regulator, pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to any Notes be distributed in Italy, except, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and any 
Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy 
except:  
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
Financial Services Act) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of CONSOB regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999 (the Issuers Regulation), all as amended from time to time; or  
(b) in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of the Issuers Regulation, as amended 
from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993 (the Banking Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended 
from time to time;  
(ii) in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the 
Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue of securities in Italy; and  
(iii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or 
requirement which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other 
competent authority.

--- Page 106 ---
Page 106 
Investors should note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no 
exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the subsequent 
distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer 
and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and the Issuers Regulation. 
Furthermore, Notes which were initially offered and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only 
(under an exemption from the rules on public offerings) and are, in the following year “systematically” 
distributed on the secondary market in Italy to investors other than qualified investors, become subject to the 
public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Issuers 
Regulation unless any exemptions from the rules on public offerings applies. Failure to comply with such 
rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary 
transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the purchasers of Notes who are acting 
outside of the course of their business or profession. 
General  
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.  
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer will be required to agree, that it will comply with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at its own expense. 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuers, 
the Guarantors and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Other than in Luxembourg, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuers, the Guarantor or the 
Dealers that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee or the Dealers represents that Notes may, at any time, lawfully 
be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuers, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer shall agree amongst themselves.

--- Page 107 ---
Page 107 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, save for the text in italics and subject to completion 
in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior Notes in 
definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full 
text of these terms and conditions together with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms or (ii) these terms 
and conditions as so completed, shall be endorsed on such Senior Notes. References in these Conditions to 
“Senior Notes” are to the Senior Notes of one Series only, not to all Senior Notes that may be issued under 
the Programme.  
The Senior Notes are constituted by the Amended and Restated Trust Deed dated 10 April 2024 (as amended 
and/or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Senior Notes (the Issue Date), the Trust Deed) between 
Repsol International Finance B.V. in its capacity as an issuer, Repsol Europe Finance in its capacity as an 
issuer, the Guarantor, and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall include 
all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as 
defined below). References in these terms and conditions (the Conditions) to the Issuer in relation to the 
Senior Notes shall be deemed to be references to the Issuer (being either Repsol International Finance B.V. 
or Repsol Europe Finance) as so specified in the relevant Final Terms. These Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of the Senior Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons referred to below. The Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as amended 
and/or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the Agency Agreement) dated 10 April 2024 has been entered into 
in relation to the Senior Notes between Repsol International Finance B.V. in its capacity as an issuer, Repsol 
Europe Finance in its capacity as an issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the paying 
agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), and 
the Calculation Agent(s). Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available (i) 
electronically upon request made to the Issuing and Paying Agent or (ii) for inspection during usual business 
hours at the principal office of the Trustee (presently at Agency & Trust, 14th Floor, Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB) and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents. 
The Noteholders and the holders of the interest coupons (the Coupons) relating to interest bearing Senior 
Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Senior Notes, talons for further Coupons (the Talons) (the 
Couponholders) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the Receipts) 
relating to Senior Notes of which the principal is payable in instalments are entitled to the benefit of, are 
bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have 
notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement and the relevant Final Terms.  
1 
Form, Specified Denomination and Title 
The Senior Notes are issued by the Issuer in bearer form (Senior Notes) in each case in the Specified 
Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final Terms, provided that in the case of any Senior Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of 
those Senior Notes). Senior Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Senior 
Notes of another denomination.

--- Page 108 ---
Page 108 
This Senior Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Instalment 
Note or a combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Senior Note, depending upon the 
Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
So long as the Senior Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Senior Notes will be tradable only in (a) if the 
Specified Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency), the authorised denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and 
integral multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) thereafter, or (b) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
and integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) in excess thereof, the 
minimum authorised denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and higher 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), notwithstanding that no definitive 
notes will be issued with a denomination above €199,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Senior Notes are serially numbered in the Specified Currency and are issued with Coupons (and, 
where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Senior Notes in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and 
Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Senior Notes are issued with one or more 
Receipts attached.  
Title to the Senior Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. The holder (as 
defined below) of any Senior Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on it or its 
theft or loss) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.  
In these Conditions, Noteholder means the bearer of any Senior Note and the Receipts relating to it, 
holder (in relation to a Senior Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Senior Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Senior 
Notes. 
2 
Guarantee and Status of the Senior Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
(a) 
Guarantee: The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment 
of all sums expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons. Its obligations in that respect (the Senior Guarantee) are contained 
in the Trust Deed.  
(b) 
Status of the Senior Notes, Receipts and Coupons: The Senior Notes and the Receipts and 
Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 3) unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes and the 
Receipts and Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by 
the laws of bankruptcy and other laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject 
to Condition 3, at all times rank at least equally with all their respective other present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations.

--- Page 109 ---
Page 109 
(c) 
Status of the Senior Guarantee: The obligations of the Guarantor under the Senior 
Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor. In the event of insolvency (concurso) 
of the Guarantor, they will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated monetary claims of 
the Guarantor, present and future (unless they qualify as subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) under Article 281.1 of the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law or equivalent legal 
provision which replaces it in the future and subject to any legal and statutory exceptions). 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor, under the Legislative Royal Decree 
1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el 
texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (the Spanish Insolvency Law), claims relating to the 
Senior Guarantee (which are not subordinated pursuant to Article 281.1 of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish 
Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos 
contra la masa) and credits with a general or special privilege (créditos con privilegio 
general o especial). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of 
shareholders. Interest on the Senior Guarantee accrued but unpaid as at the commencement 
of any insolvency proceeding (concurso) relating to the Guarantor under the Spanish 
Insolvency Law shall thereupon constitute subordinated obligations of the Guarantor ranking 
below its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Under the Spanish Insolvency Law, 
accrual of interest on the Senior Guarantee shall be suspended as from the date of any 
declaration of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor. 
3 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Senior Notes, Receipts or Coupons remain outstanding (as defined in the Trust 
Deed), each of the Issuer and the Guarantor undertakes that it will not create or have outstanding any 
mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest (each a Security Interest) upon the whole or 
any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital), present or future, in 
order to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) or to secure any guarantee of or 
indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness unless (a) all amounts payable by the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor under the Senior Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Trust Deed are equally and 
rateably secured therewith by such Security Interest to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (b) such other 
Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security Interest) is 
provided either (A) as the Trustee shall in its absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial 
to the interests of the Noteholders or (B) as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders. 
In these Conditions, Relevant Indebtedness means any obligation in respect of present or future 
indebtedness in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, debentures, notes or other 
securities which are, or are intended to be (with the consent of the issuer thereof), quoted, listed, dealt 
in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter market other than such indebtedness which 
by its terms will mature within a period of one year from its date of issue.

--- Page 110 ---
Page 110 
4 
Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes  
(a) General: If the Sustainability-Linked Notes Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable to the Senior Notes (the SLNs), the Issuer or the Guarantor will cause in respect 
of each KPI that is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
the KPI and the relevant KPI Percentage (if applicable) in respect of each financial 
year, as well as an assurance report issued by the Assurance Provider (the Assurance 
Report) in respect of and verifying such KPI and KPI Percentage (if applicable), to 
be published on the Guarantor’s website no later than the date falling six months after 
the last day of the relevant financial year, beginning with (and including) the financial 
year in which the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the SLNs falls and ending with 
(and including) the Reference Year for such KPI or, in the event the relevant Final 
Terms specify more than one SPT for such KPI, the last Reference Year for such KPI; 
and 
(ii) 
upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event in respect of such KPI, the Trigger Event 
Notice to be notified to the Paying Agent(s), the Calculation Agent, the Trustee and, 
in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders by no later than the relevant Trigger 
Event Notification Deadline. 
None of the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent (if any) shall be obliged to 
monitor or inquire as to whether a Trigger Event has occurred or have any liability in respect 
thereof and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to this Condition 4 without further enquiry or liability. 
(b) 
Recalculation Event: Following the occurrence of a Recalculation Event, and for the purposes 
of calculating the KPI or SPT for any Reference Year, the Guarantor may recalculate the 
relevant KPI, SPT or Baseline (the Recalculated Value). In such case, the Independent 
External Verifier shall review the Recalculated Value and confirm that it is at least consistent 
with the level of ambition set by the initial SPT(s) of the relevant KPI.  
As of, and with effect from, the date of the Recalculation Notice (as defined below), the 
Recalculated Value shall replace the original KPI, SPT or Baseline (or such KPI, SPT or 
Baseline as previously recalculated in accordance with this Condition 4(b)), as the case may 
be, and any reference to the relevant KPI, SPT or Baseline in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the Recalculated Value, it being 
understood that in the absence of such confirmation by the Independent External Verifier the 
original KPI, SPT or Baseline (or such KPI, SPT or Baseline as previously recalculated in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b)), as the case may be, shall continue to apply.  
By subscribing or acquiring the Notes, each Noteholder from time to time, consents, to have 
irrevocably authorised the Guarantor and the Issuer to make any such recalculation without 
the prior consent or consultation of the Noteholders.  
Any recalculation will be communicated by the Guarantor to the Paying Agents and any 
Calculation Agent and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (the 
Recalculation Notice).

--- Page 111 ---
Page 111 
(c) 
Subsequent SLNs: In the event of an issue of Subsequent SLNs, the relevant KPI Target or 
KPI Percentage Target (if applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms shall be substituted 
for the relevant Subsequent SLNs Updated Target(s) with effect from the issue date of such 
Subsequent SLNs such that any references to the relevant KPI Target or KPI Percentage Target 
(if applicable) specified in the Final Terms shall be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Subsequent SLNs Updated Target(s). Any such substitution will be communicated by the 
Guarantor to the Paying Agents and any Calculation Agent and notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 as soon as reasonably practicable following the issue date of the 
Subsequent SLNs. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Assurance Provider means such qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services 
appointed by the Guarantor from time to time; 
Baseline means the CII Baseline and the Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions Baseline, as applicable; 
CII means the Group’s carbon intensity indicator measuring carbon dioxide equivalent emissions for 
every unit of energy that the Group makes available to society, measured in grams of carbon dioxide 
equivalent per megajoule (g CO2e/MJ) and calculated in good faith by the Guarantor;  
CII Baseline means a CII of 76.8 (being the CII for the financial year 2016); 
CII Condition means that the CII for the relevant Reference Year, as set out in the Assurance Report 
in respect of such Reference Year, does not exceed the CII Target for such Reference Year;  
CII Percentage in respect of a financial year means the reduction between the CII Baseline and the 
CII for such financial year, expressed as a percentage, and calculated in good faith by the Guarantor; 
CII Percentage Target means, in respect of the relevant Reference Year, the percentage specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; 
CII Target means the CII targeted by the Group for the relevant Reference Year and specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the CII Target for such Reference Year and which results from applying 
a percentage decrease equal to the CII Percentage Target in respect of such Reference Year to the CII 
Baseline; 
GHG means greenhouse gases; 
Group means the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries from time to time; 
Independent External Verifier means any independent accounting or appraisal firm or other 
independent expert of recognised standing appointed by the Guarantor from time to time, and which 
firm or expert has the expertise necessary to perform the functions required to be performed by the 
Independent External Verifier under these Conditions, as determined in good faith by the Guarantor; 
KPI means one or more of the CII, the Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions, the Renewable Energy Capacity, 
the Renewable Fuels Capacity or the Renewable Hydrogen Capacity, as applicable; 
KPI Percentage means, where the relevant Final Terms specify CII as applicable, the CII Percentage 
and, where the relevant Final Terms specify Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions as applicable, the GHG 
Emissions Percentage;

--- Page 112 ---
Page 112 
KPI Percentage Target means (i) in respect of the CII, the CII Percentage Target and (ii) in respect 
of the Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions, the Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions Percentage Target; 
KPI Condition means one or more of the CII Condition, the Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions Condition, 
the Renewable Energy Capacity Condition, the Renewable Fuels Capacity Condition or the 
Renewable Hydrogen Capacity Condition, as applicable; 
KPI Target means in respect of the (i) CII, the CII Target, (ii) Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions, the Scope 
1+2 GHG Emissions Target, (iii) Renewable Energy Capacity, the Renewable Energy Capacity 
Target, (iv) Renewable Fuels Capacity, the Renewable Fuels Capacity Target and (v) Renewable 
Hydrogen Capacity, the Renewable Hydrogen Capacity Target; 
Recalculation Event means a change: 
(a) 
in the Group’s perimeter due to (a) an acquisition, (b) a merger or a demerger or other 
restructuring, (c) an amalgamation, (d) a consolidation or other form of corporate 
reorganisation with a similar effect, (e) a spin-off or (f) a disposal or a sale of assets;  
(b) 
in or any amendment to any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies 
relating to the business of the Group; or 
(c) 
to the methodology for calculation of a KPI or Baseline to reflect changes in market practice 
or the relevant market standards, 
which, individually or in the aggregate, has a significant impact on the level of a KPI, SPT or 
Baseline;  
Redemption Premium Option has the meaning given in Condition 6(c);  
Reference Year means the financial year(s) of the Group specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the Reference Year(s) in respect of the relevant SPT; 
Renewable Energy Capacity means the renewable installed capacity of the Group, being the total 
amount of gross peak capacity of the Group’s power generation facilities using renewable energy 
sources (wind, solar and hydro, BESS (Battery Energy Storage Systems), and any other non-fossil 
fuel source of power generation deriving from natural resources) to produce electricity, measured in 
gigawatts (GW), measured in good faith by the Guarantor. For the purposes of this definition, 
capacity shall be considered “installed” when the relevant power generation facilities are in operation 
or have reached the mechanical completion stage (mechanical completion refers to the final stage of 
the construction process, which does not include connection to the grid);  
Renewable Energy Capacity Condition means that the Renewable Energy Capacity for the relevant 
Reference Year, as set out in the Assurance Report in respect of such Reference Year, is at least the 
Renewable Energy Capacity Target for such Reference Year; 
Renewable Energy Capacity Target means the Renewable Energy Capacity targeted by the Group 
for the relevant Reference Year and specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Renewable 
Energy Capacity Target for such Reference Year; 
Renewable Fuels Capacity means the available renewable fuels capacity of the Group, being the 
renewable fuels production capacity (including advanced biofuels and synthetic fuels), measured in 
millions of metric tonnes (Mt), measured in good faith by the Guarantor. For the purposes of this

--- Page 113 ---
Page 113 
definition, capacity is considered “available” upon the relevant power generation facilities being in 
operation;  
Renewable Fuels Capacity Condition means that the Renewable Fuels Capacity for the relevant 
Reference Year, as set out in the Assurance Report in respect of such Reference Year, is at least the 
Renewable Fuels Capacity Target for such Reference Year; 
Renewable Fuels Capacity Target means the Renewable Fuels Capacity targeted by the Group for 
the relevant Reference Year and specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Renewable Fuels 
Capacity Target for such Reference Year; 
Renewable Hydrogen Capacity means the available renewable hydrogen capacity of the Group, 
being the renewable hydrogen production capacity (including hydrogen produced from electrolysis 
and steam biomethane reforming processes), measured in gigawatts equivalent (GWeq), measured 
in good faith by the Guarantor. For the purposes of this definition, capacity is considered “available” 
upon the relevant power generation facilities being in operation;  
Renewable Hydrogen Capacity Condition means that the Renewable Hydrogen Capacity for the 
relevant Reference Year, as set out in the Assurance Report in respect of such Reference Year, is at 
least the Renewable Hydrogen Capacity Target for such Reference Year; 
Renewable Hydrogen Capacity Target means the Renewable Hydrogen Capacity targeted by the 
Group for the relevant Reference Year and specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
Renewable Hydrogen Capacity Target for such Reference Year; 
Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions means the Group’s direct and indirect Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
emissions, measured on a gross operational basis in Mt CO2e, resulting from the Group’s 
development, production, transformation and commercialisation of hydrocarbon activities, calculated 
in good faith by the Guarantor; 
Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions Baseline means Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions of 25.4 Mt CO2e (being 
the Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions for the financial year 2016); 
Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions Condition means that the Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions for the relevant 
Reference Year, as set out in the Assurance Report in respect of such Reference Year, do not exceed 
the Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions Target for such Reference Year;  
Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions Percentage in respect of a financial year means the reduction between 
the Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions Baseline and the Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions for such financial year, 
expressed as a percentage, and calculated in good faith by the Guarantor; 
Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions Percentage Target means, in respect of the relevant Reference Year, 
the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions Target means the Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions targeted by the Group for 
the relevant Reference Year and specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Scope 1+2 GHG 
Emissions Target for such Reference Year and which results from applying a percentage decrease 
equal to the Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions Percentage Target in respect of such Reference Year to the 
Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions Baseline;

--- Page 114 ---
Page 114 
SPT means in respect of a KPI and Reference Year, the KPI Target and/or KPI Percentage Target (if 
any) in respect of such Reference Year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Step Up Option has the meaning given in Condition 5(d); 
Subsequent SLNs means any Series of SLNs issued after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
SLNs (the Initial SLNs) and which specify, in respect of a KPI, the same Reference Year(s) as the 
Initial SLNs but: 
(i)  
in respect of the CII or Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions, a lower KPI Target and higher 
KPI Percentage Target, or 
(ii)  
in respect of the Renewable Energy Capacity, the Renewable Fuels Capacity or the 
Renewable Hydrogen Capacity, a higher KPI Target, 
in each case, in respect of such Reference Year(s) and when compared to the Initial SLNs (each such 
higher KPI Percentage Target and/or higher and/or lower KPI Target, a Subsequent SLNs Updated 
Target); 
a Trigger Event occurs in respect of an SPT of an applicable KPI if: 
(i) 
the Guarantor fails to satisfy the KPI Condition in respect of the relevant Reference Year; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fail to publish the Assurance Report in respect of such KPI and 
the relevant KPI Percentage (if applicable) for such Reference Year on or before the relevant 
Trigger Event Notification Deadline in accordance with Condition 4(a), 
provided that the Trigger Event shall be deemed to occur in the case of (i), on the date the Assurance 
Report in respect of such Reference Year is published on the Guarantor’s website in accordance with 
Condition 4(a), and in the case of (ii), on the first day immediately following the relevant Trigger 
Event Notification Deadline; 
Trigger Event Notice means a notice by the Issuer or the Guarantor setting out (a) that a Trigger 
Event has occurred and (b) an explanation of the Step Up Option or the Redemption Premium Option, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the SLNs; and 
Trigger Event Notification Deadline means the date falling six months after the last day of the 
relevant Reference Year. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations  
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition (a)(f).  
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be

--- Page 115 ---
Page 115 
determined in accordance with Condition (a)(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.  
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified 
to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall 
be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not 
been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to any of ISDA 
Determination, Screen Rate Determination or Linear Interpolation shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 
(A), ISDA Rate for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which:  
(x) 
if the Final Terms specify either the “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 
ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 116 ---
Page 116 
(3)  
relevant Reset Date (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(4)  
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and:  
(I) Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms, Lookback 
is the number of the Applicable Business Days (as defined in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(II) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the applicable Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined 
in the relevant ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(III) Compounding with Lockout is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms, (a) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as 
defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the Final 
Terms and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days 
(as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) are the days, if 
applicable, specified in the applicable Final Terms);  
(y) 
references in the relevant ISDA Definitions to:  
(1) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(2) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 117 ---
Page 117 
(3) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the 
Maturity Date; and 
(4) 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date;  
(z) 
if the Final Terms specify the “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable 
ISDA Definitions: 
(1) 
Administrator/Benchmark Event shall be disapplied; and  
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback for any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-
Publication – Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to “Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary 
Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by 
“Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch (as Calculation Agent) will have no obligation to exercise any 
discretion (including in determining EURIBOR or the fallback rate), and to the extent 
the ISDA Definitions requires the Calculation Agent to exercise any such discretion, 
the Issuer, will provide written direction to Citibank, N.A., London Branch specifying 
how such discretion should be exercised, and Citibank, N.A., London Branch will be 
entitled to conclusively rely on that direction and will be fully protected if it acts in 
accordance therewith. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at 11.00a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date 
in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations.

--- Page 118 ---
Page 118 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Issuer shall 
request the principal Eurozone office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
11.00a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and  
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Issuer determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to the 
Calculation Agent (at the request of the Issuer) by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered at 
approximately 11.00a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market, or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00a.m. (Brussels 
time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for such purpose) informs (at the request of the Issuer) the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period).

--- Page 119 ---
Page 119 
(aa) 
where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being SONIA, the foregoing provisions of Condition (a)(b)(B) will not 
apply and the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such 
Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the applicable Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
ni, for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period 
means the number of calendar days from and including such day “i” up 
to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from and including the date 
falling five London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling five London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling five London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Senior Notes 
become due and payable); 
SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average

--- Page 120 ---
Page 120 
(SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, 
in each case (on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day); and 
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period (and published on the following London 
Banking Day). 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA reference rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference 
rate shall be: 
(a) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference 
rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a 
SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) 
to the Bank Rate, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day, the 
SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the 
SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
If the relevant Series of Senior Notes become due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 9, the final Interest Determination Date 
shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms be deemed to be the date on which such Senior 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Senior 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Senior Notes remain outstanding, 
be that determined on such date. 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such

--- Page 121 ---
Page 121 
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
“ISDA Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer than the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Applicable Maturity means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Senior Notes: Where a Senior Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to 
be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount 
due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such 
Senior Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such 
a Senior Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)).  
(d) 
Step Up Option: This Condition (a)(d) applies to SLNs in respect of which the applicable 
Final Terms indicate that the Step Up Option applies (the Step Up Option). 
For any Interest Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the occurrence of a Trigger Event in respect of a relevant SPT, if any, the Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
shall be increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable to such SPT. 
Where the relevant Final Terms specify more than one SPT in respect of one or more KPIs 
and they specify that Cumulative Step Up is applicable, then if several Trigger Events occur 
during the term of the SLNs, the relevant Step Up Margin shall apply to the SLNs on a 
cumulative basis, upon the occurrence of each of those Trigger Events.  
Where the relevant Final Terms specify more than one SPT in respect of one or more KPIs 
and they specify that Cumulative Step Up is not applicable, then, if several Trigger Events 
occur during the term of the SLNs, the relevant Step Up Margin shall apply to the SLNs only 
once, upon the occurrence of the first Trigger Event. Any subsequent occurrence of a Trigger 
Event during the term of the SLNs shall not result in the application of any additional Step 
Up Margin to the SLNs. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Margin 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes) will not decrease to the Rate of Interest or Margin

--- Page 122 ---
Page 122 
applicable prior to a Trigger Event occurring, regardless of the level of the KPI for any 
financial year subsequent to the relevant Reference Year. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Step Up Margin means in relation to an SPT the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being the Step Up Margin in respect of such SPT. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Senior Note on the due date for 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition (a) to the Relevant Date.  
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding:  
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest 
Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition (a)(b) 
above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the 
absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.  
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment 
Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as 
the case may be.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country or countries (as appropriate) of such currency.  
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any 
Senior Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of 
Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count 
Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Senior Note for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of 
the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect 
of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall

--- Page 123 ---
Page 123 
apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required 
to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Change of Control Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: The Calculation 
Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other time 
on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain 
any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Change of Control Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Change of Control Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment 
Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, 
any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Senior Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Senior Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange 
or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, 
in the case of notification to such exchange or other relevant authority of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition (a)(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment 
Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Senior Notes become due and payable 
under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the 
Senior Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with 
this Condition (a)(h) but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate 
or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties.  
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below:  
2006 ISDA Definitions means, in relation to a Series of Senior Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Senior Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org). 
2021 ISDA Definitions means, in relation to a Series of Senior Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any

--- Page 124 ---
Page 124 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Senior Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org). 
Business Day means:  
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency and/or  
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a T2 Business Day) and/or  
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is 
indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Senior Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, 
the Calculation Period):  
(i) 
if Actual/Actual, Actual/Actual (ISDA), Act/Act or Act/Act (ISDA) is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) or Act/Act (ICMA) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, a fraction equal to “number of days accrued/number of days in year”, as such 
terms are used in Rule 251 of the statutes, by-laws, rules and recommendations of the 
International Capital Markets Association (the ICMA Rule Book), calculated in 
accordance with Rule 251 of the ICMA Rule Book as applied to non-U.S. dollar 
denominated straight and convertible bonds issued after 31 December 1998, as though 
the interest coupon on a bond were being calculated for a coupon period 
corresponding to the Calculation Period; 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed) or A/365F is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if Actual/360, Act/360 or A/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360;

--- Page 125 ---
Page 125 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 126 ---
Page 126 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
Eurozone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended from time to time.  
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.  
Interest Amount means (i) in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which 
such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and (ii) in respect of any other period, the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 127 ---
Page 127 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the 
day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) 
the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is euro.  
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.  
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
ISDA Definitions has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this 
Senior Note and that is specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions.  
Reference Banks means the principal Eurozone office of four major banks in the Eurozone 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Reference Rate means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Date means whichever is the later of: 
(i) 
the date on which payment first becomes due and 
(ii) 
if the full amount payable has not been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent or 
the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which the full amount having 
been so received, notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders.  
Any reference in these Conditions to principal and/or interest shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under these Conditions or any undertaking 
given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is specified, the currency in which the Senior Notes are denominated.  
T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long 
as any Senior Note is outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Senior Notes, references in these Conditions

--- Page 128 ---
Page 128 
to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act 
as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Change of Control Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer 
shall (with the prior approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking 
firm engaged in the interbank market that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office 
or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid.  
(k) 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition (a)(k)(ii) and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition (a)(k)(iii)). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition (a)(k) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, 
the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made 
by it, pursuant to this Condition (a)(k).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition (a)(k) prior to the date which is 10 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
(or relevant component part thereof) applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the last observable Original Reference Rate on the 
Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Independent Adviser. Where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph 
of this Condition (a)(k)(i).  
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate

--- Page 129 ---
Page 129 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Senior Notes (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition (a)(k)); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Senior Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition (a)(k)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be), the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the 
Issuer, shall determine the quantum of, or the formula or methodology for 
determining, the Adjustment Spread and such Adjustment Spread shall then be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the 
Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition (a)(k) and the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed/Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) 
and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition (a)(k)(v), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Trust 
Deed/Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed 
by two Authorised Officers of the Issuer pursuant to Condition (a)(k)(v), the Trustee 
shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be 
obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these

--- Page 130 ---
Page 130 
Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental 
trust deed) in any way.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition (a)(k), the Calculation Agent 
or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent 
Adviser in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this 
Condition (a)(k) to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent 
(as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition (a)(k)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Senior 
Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition (a)(k) will be notified 
at least 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the 
Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents. In accordance with 
Condition 16, notice shall be provided to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, 
as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition (a)(k); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and 
without prejudice to the Trustee or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.

--- Page 131 ---
Page 131 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition (a)(k), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition (a)(k), the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is 
not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to 
its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in 
the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so.  
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition (a)(k)(i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition (a)(b)(iii) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in these Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser determines, following consultation with the Issuer, is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if 
the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition (a)(k)(ii) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes

--- Page 132 ---
Page 132 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same 
Specified Currency as the Senior Notes. 
Authorised Officer means any person who (i) is a director of the Guarantor or the 
Issuer, as applicable or (ii) has been notified by the Guarantor or the Issuer, as 
applicable, in writing to the Trustee as being duly authorised to sign documents and 
do other acts and things on behalf of the Guarantor or the Issuer, as applicable, for the 
purposes of the Trust Deed and the Senior Notes. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition (a)(k)(iv). 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
(5) Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Senior Notes; 
or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be 
deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market and such representativeness will not be restored; or  
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the 
case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the prohibition 
of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, 
on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or 
will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its 
relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, 
and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.

--- Page 133 ---
Page 133 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents 
shall have any responsibility for making such determination.  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition (a)(k)(i). 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Senior Notes or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or, in each case any 
component thereof), as applicable. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options  
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption:  
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, as provided in this 
Condition 6, each Senior Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of 
each such Senior Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such 
Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount 
of such Senior Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related 
Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date 
relating to such Instalment Amount.  
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, as provided below, each 
Senior Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant

--- Page 134 ---
Page 134 
Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of a Senior Note falling 
within sub-paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Senior Notes:  
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Senior 
Note, the Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to a formula, upon 
redemption of such Senior Note pursuant to Condition 6(d)(c) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised 
Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Senior Note unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Senior Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Senior Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if 
none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce 
an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Senior Notes if they 
were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually.  
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Senior Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(d) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Senior Note shall be 
the Amortised Face Amount of such Senior Note as defined in sub-paragraph 
(B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date 
on which the Senior Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. 
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, 
in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Senior Note on the Maturity Date together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition (a)(c).  
Where such calculation is to be a made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms.  
(ii) 
Other Senior Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Senior 
Note (other than Senior Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Senior 
Note pursuant to Condition 6(d) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
(c) 
Redemption Premium Option: This Condition 6(c) applies to SLNs in respect of which the 
relevant Final Terms indicate that the Redemption Premium Option applies (the Redemption 
Premium Option). In the event that a Trigger Event occurs in respect of a relevant SPT, then,

--- Page 135 ---
Page 135 
upon redemption of such SLNs in accordance with these Conditions, each such SLN shall be 
redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount, Change of Control Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or final Instalment Amount, as 
applicable, plus, in each case, the Redemption Premium Amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable to such SPT and any references to the Final Redemption Amount, 
Change of Control Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or final Instalment Amount in these Conditions shall be construed accordingly.  
Where the relevant Final Terms specify more than one SPT in respect of one or more KPIs 
and they specify that Cumulative Redemption Premium is applicable, then if several Trigger 
Events occur during the term of the SLNs, the relevant Redemption Premium Amount shall 
apply to the SLNs on a cumulative basis in respect of each of those Trigger Events.  
Where the relevant Final Terms specify more than one SPT in respect of one or more KPIs 
and they specify that Cumulative Redemption Premium is not applicable, then, if several 
Trigger Events occur during the term of the SLNs, the relevant Redemption Premium Amount 
shall apply to the SLNs only once upon the occurrence of the first Trigger Event. Any 
subsequent occurrence of a Trigger Event during the term of the SLNs shall not result in the 
application of any additional Redemption Premium Amount to the SLNs. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Senior Notes (other than Senior Notes in respect of 
which the Issuer shall have given a notice of redemption pursuant to Conditions 6(e), 6(f), 
6(g) or 6 (h) or in respect of which a Noteholder shall have exercised its option under 
Condition 6(i) in each case prior to any notice being given under this Condition 6(d)) may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Senior Note is a Floating Rate Senior Note) or, at any time (if this Senior Note is not 
a Floating Rate Senior Note), on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Trustee, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders, or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) 
(together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies the 
Trustee immediately prior to the giving of such notice that it or (if the Senior Guarantee were 
called) the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of (a) (in the case of Senior Notes issued by Repsol International Finance B.V.) 
The Netherlands or (in the case of a payment to be made by the Guarantor) the Kingdom of 
Spain, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, or (b) (in the case of 
Senior Notes issued by Repsol Europe Finance) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or (in the 
case of a payment to be made by the Guarantor) the Kingdom of Spain, or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to

--- Page 136 ---
Page 136 
pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Senior Notes (or the Senior 
Guarantee, as the case may be) then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Officers of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, stating that the 
obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it and the Trustee shall be entitled to 
accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set 
out in (ii) above in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on Noteholders and 
Couponholders.  
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Trustee, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 16, 
the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Senior Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption of Senior Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must 
relate to Senior Notes of a principal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
All Senior Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial 
numbers of the Senior Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn up in such place 
as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
(f) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 
days’ irrevocable notice to the Trustee, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 
16, the Noteholders, or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Residual Maturity Call 
Option Redemption Date)), redeem all (but not only some) of the Senior Notes at their 
principal amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, which shall 
be no earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of Senior Notes having 
a maturity of not more than ten years, (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of 
Senior Notes having a maturity of more than ten years, or (iii) as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (each such period, the Residual Maturity Call Option Period). 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the 
maturity of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series of Senior Notes. 
All Senior Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 137 ---
Page 137 
(g) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase Event 
has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 10 
nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Trustee, the Paying Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 16, the Noteholders, or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the 
Senior Notes in whole, but not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in 
each case at their principal amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption.  
All Senior Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, a Substantial Purchase Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes 
originally issued (which for these purposes shall include any further Senior Notes issued 
subsequently) is purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor 
(and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(k)); 
(h) 
Make-Whole Redemption: If a Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Trustee, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Noteholders, or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to (but no 
later than the Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date, if applicable) their Maturity 
Date (the Make-Whole Redemption Date) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as 
defined below). In the case of SLNs, the Issuer may not redeem the Senior Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 6(h) during the period(s) commencing on (and including) the 
first day immediately following the relevant Reference Year and ending on (and including) 
the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Assurance Report in respect of such Reference Year is 
published on the Guarantor’s website in accordance with Condition 4(a), and (ii) the first day 
immediately following the relevant Trigger Event Notification Deadline. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial 
numbers of the Senior Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn up in such place 
as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
For the purposes of this Condition, Make-Whole Redemption Amount means in respect of 
any Senior Notes to be redeemed an amount, calculated by a leading investment, merchant or 
commercial bank or independent financial adviser appointed by the Issuer for the purposes of 
calculating the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount, and notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16, equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount of the Senior Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the 
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Senior Notes until (A) if 
Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the first day of the relevant Maturity Call Option Redemption Period or (B) in all other cases,

--- Page 138 ---
Page 138 
the Maturity Date (in each case not including any interest accrued on the Senior Notes to, but 
excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-
Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate (specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), plus in each case of (x) and (y) above, any interest accrued on the Senior Notes 
to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date, provided that, in the case of SLNs, 
unless the relevant KPI Condition(s) has or have been satisfied prior to the date of delivery 
of a notice in accordance with this Condition 6(h) (and the Issuer or the Guarantor have 
published an Assurance Report setting out the relevant KPI(s) and KPI Percentage(s) (if 
applicable) for the relevant Reference Year(s) on or before the relevant Trigger Event 
Notification Deadline(s)), the calculation of the sum of the then present values of the 
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the SLNs shall take into account 
the Step Up Margin(s) or Redemption Premium Amounts(s) which would apply if the relevant 
KPI Condition(s) had not been satisfied. 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Senior 
Note, upon the holder of such Senior Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) redeem such Senior Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit such Senior Note (together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent, together 
with a duly completed option exercise notice (Exercise Notice) in the form obtainable from 
any Paying Agent, within the notice period. No Senior Note so deposited and option exercised 
may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
(j) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control: If a Change of 
Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Change 
of Control (as defined below) occurs and, during the Change of Control Period, a Rating 
Downgrade occurs (together, a Put Event), the holder of any such Senior Note will have the 
option (the Change of Control Put Option) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s 
option, to procure the purchase of such Senior Notes on the Optional Redemption Date at the 
Change of Control Redemption Amount. 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or 
persons acting in concert (Relevant Persons) or any person or persons acting on behalf of 
such Relevant Persons, acquire(s) control, directly or indirectly, of the Guarantor. 
control means: (a) the acquisition or control of more than 50% of the voting rights of the 
issued share capital of the Guarantor; or (b) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the 
majority of the members of the Guarantor’s Board of Directors or other governing body, 
whether obtained directly or indirectly, whether obtained by ownership of share capital, the 
possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise.

--- Page 139 ---
Page 139 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the date on which the relevant 
Change of Control occurs or the date of the first relevant Potential Change of Control 
Announcement, whichever is the earlier, and ending on the date which is 90 days after the 
date of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control. 
Change of Control Redemption Amount means an amount equal to par plus interest 
accrued to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date.  
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement 
by the Issuer or any actual or bona fide potential bidder relating to any potential Change of 
Control. 
Rating Agency means any of the following: (a) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P); 
(b) Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s); (c) Fitch Ratings Ireland Spanish Branch, 
Sucursal en España (Fitch Ratings); or (d) any other credit rating agency of equivalent 
international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer and, in each case, their 
respective successors or affiliates.  
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if, 
within the Change of Control Period, the rating previously assigned to the Guarantor is 
lowered by at least two full rating notches (by way of example, BB+ to BB-, in the case of 
S&P) (a downgrade) or withdrawn, in each case, by the requisite number of Rating Agencies 
(as defined above), and is not, within the Change of Control Period, subsequently upgraded 
(in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) to its earlier credit 
rating or better, such that there is no longer a downgrade or withdrawal by the requisite 
number of Rating Agencies. For these purposes, the requisite number of Rating Agencies 
shall mean (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, at the time of the rating downgrade or 
withdrawal, three or more Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the Guarantor, or 
(ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at the time of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, fewer 
than three Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the Guarantor. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of a particular Change of Control if (a) following such a downgrade, the Guarantor is 
still assigned an Investment Grade Rating by one or more of the Rating Agencies effecting 
the downgrade, or (b) the Rating Agencies lowering or withdrawing their rating do not 
publicly announce or otherwise confirm in writing to the Issuer that such reduction or 
withdrawal was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in, or 
arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. 
Investment Grade Rating means: (1) with respect to S&P, any of the categories from and 
including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (2) with respect 
to Moody’s, any of the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 (or 
equivalent successor categories); (3) with respect to Fitch Ratings, any of the categories from 
and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); and (4) with 
respect to any other credit rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from 
time to time by the Issuer, a rating that is equivalent to, or better than, the foregoing. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (Put Event Notice) to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the

--- Page 140 ---
Page 140 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 specifying the nature of the Put Event and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put 
Option, as well as the date upon which the Put Period (as defined below) will end and the 
Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of such Senior Note under this section, the holder of such Senior Note must transfer 
or cause to be transferred its Senior Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of 
the Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer within the period 
(Put Period) of 45 days after the Put Event Notice is given together with a duly signed and 
completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Option Notice) and in which the holder may 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this section.  
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of the relevant 
Senior Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised 
as provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Senior Notes to the account of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above on the Optional 
Redemption Date which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. Payment in respect of any 
Senior Note so transferred will be made in the relevant Specified Currency to the holder to 
the relevant Specified Currency denominated bank account in the Put Option Notice on the 
Optional Redemption Date via the relevant account holders. 
(k) 
Purchases: The Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Subsidiary may at any time purchase 
Senior Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price (provided that they are purchased 
together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating to them). 
The Senior Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
other Subsidiary, shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders and 
shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of 
the Noteholders or for the purposes of Conditions 9, 12(a) and 13. 
In these Conditions, Subsidiary means any entity of which the Guarantor has control and 
“control” for the purpose of this definition means the beneficial ownership whether direct or 
indirect of the majority of the issued share capital or the right to direct the management and 
policies of such entity, whether by the ownership of share capital, contract or otherwise. A 
certificate executed by any two Authorised Officers of the Guarantor listing the entities that 
are Subsidiaries at any time shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
on all parties. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Senior Notes so redeemed or purchased (other than, at the discretion of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any other Subsidiary, as applicable, those purchased pursuant to 
Condition 6(k) above) and any unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons 
attached to or surrendered with them will be surrendered for cancellation by surrendering to

--- Page 141 ---
Page 141 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of any such Senior Notes shall be discharged. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Payments of Principal and Interest: Payments of principal and interest shall be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt 
is presented for payment together with its relative Senior Note) (or in the case of partial 
payment, endorsement thereof), Senior Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal 
and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(e)(iv)) or Coupons (in the case of 
interest, save as specified in Condition 7(e)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency 
drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2.  
(b) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Senior Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall 
have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States and its 
possessions with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Senior Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and 
(iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.  
(c) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable 
fiscal or other laws and regulations (including all laws and regulations to which the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or their Agents agree to be subject) but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.  
(d) 
Appointment of Agents: The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor and their respective 
specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time with the prior written approval of the 
Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) one or 
more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having 
specified offices in at least two major European cities (including Luxembourg) so long as the 
Senior Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and (iv) such other agents as may 
be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Senior Notes may be listed 
in each case, as approved by the Trustee.

--- Page 142 ---
Page 142 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York 
City in respect of any Senior Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances 
described in paragraph (b) above.  
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders.  
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons:  
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Senior Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, 
they should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, 
Change of Control Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10).  
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Senior Note comprising Floating Rate Senior 
Notes, unmatured Coupons relating to such Senior Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.  
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Senior Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Senior Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall 
be delivered in respect of such Talon.  
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Senior Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Senior Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them.  
(v) 
Where any Senior Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Senior Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Senior Note is presented 
for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be 
made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.  
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Senior Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Senior Note. Interest 
accrued on a Senior Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Senior Note against presentation of the relevant Senior 
Note.  
(f) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Senior Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may

--- Page 143 ---
Page 143 
be surrendered at the specified office of the Paying Agents in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons 
that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10).  
(g) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Senior Note, Receipt or 
Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
In this paragraph, business day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as Financial Centre(s) in the relevant 
Final Terms and:  
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency or  
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day.  
8 
Taxation  
Where the Issuer is Repsol International Finance B.V. 
The provisions of the following paragraphs of this Condition 8 shall only apply where the Issuer 
is Repsol International Finance B.V. 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the 
Senior Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons or under the Senior Guarantee shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges (collectively, Taxes) of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
or within The Netherlands, or the Kingdom of Spain or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax, (each a Taxing Authority) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts 
(Additional Amounts) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders 
and Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of Taxes shall equal the respective amounts 
of principal and interest which would have been received in respect of the Senior Notes or (as the 
case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction of Taxes; except that no such 
Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of a Senior Note, Receipt 
or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the Senior Guarantee: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Senior Note, 
Receipt or Coupon who is liable for Taxes in respect of such Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon 
by reason of them having some connection with The Netherlands or the Kingdom of Spain 
other than the mere holding of the Senior Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant holder or the beneficial owner thereof would have been entitled to such Additional 
Amounts on presenting the same for payment on the thirtieth such day;  
(c) 
in relation to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or similar Taxes;

--- Page 144 ---
Page 144 
(d) 
in respect of amounts payable under the Senior Guarantee, to, or to a third party on behalf of, 
a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon who could fully or 
partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes by complying with the Issuer’s or the 
Guarantor’s request addressed to the holder or the beneficial owner to provide a valid 
certificate of tax residence duly issued by the tax authorities of the country of tax residence 
of the holder or the beneficial owner of any Senior Note or Coupon confirming that the holder 
or the beneficial owner is (i) resident for tax purposes in a Member State of the European 
Union (other than the Kingdom of Spain), or in a member state of the European Economic 
Area (other than the Kingdom of Spain) with which there is an effective exchange of tax 
information with the Kingdom of Spain and not considered a non-cooperative jurisdiction 
pursuant to Spanish law; or (ii) resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction with which the 
Kingdom of Spain has entered into a tax treaty to avoid double taxation, which makes 
provision for full exemption from tax imposed in the Kingdom of Spain on interest and within 
the meaning of the referred tax treaty; 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Senior Note, 
Receipt or Coupon who could fully or partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes 
by providing to the Issuer or the Guarantor or an Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor the information concerning such Noteholder as may be required in order to comply 
with the procedures for the application of any exemption for Taxes by the relevant tax 
authority; 
(f) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Spain, or The Netherlands; 
(g) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); 
(h) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the regulations 
thereunder and official interpretations thereof, agreements entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant 
to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of 
such Sections of the Code (collectively, FATCA); or 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Senior Note to another Paying Agent in 
a Member State of the European Union.  
In addition, Additional Amounts will not be payable with respect to (i) any Taxes that are imposed in 
respect of any combination of the items set forth above and to (ii) any holder who is a fiduciary, a 
partnership, a limited liability company or other than the sole beneficial owner of that payment, to 
the extent that payment would be required by the laws of the relevant Taxing Authority to be included 
in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a member of 
that partnership, an interest holder in that limited liability company or a beneficial owner who would 
not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had it been the holder. 
Where the Issuer is Repsol Europe Finance

--- Page 145 ---
Page 145 
The provisions of the following paragraphs of this Condition 8 shall only apply where the Issuer 
is Repsol Europe Finance 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the 
Senior Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons or under the Senior Guarantee shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges (collectively, Taxes) of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
or within the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Kingdom of Spain or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, (each a Taxing Authority) unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law.  
In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts 
(Additional Amounts) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders 
and Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of Taxes shall equal the respective amounts 
of principal and interest which would have been received in respect of the Senior Notes or (as the 
case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction of Taxes; except that no such 
Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of a Senior Note, Receipt 
or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the Senior Guarantee: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Senior Note, 
Receipt or Coupon who is liable for Taxes in respect of such Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon 
by reason of them having some connection with the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the 
Kingdom of Spain other than the mere holding of the Senior Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant holder or the beneficial owner thereof would have been entitled to such Additional 
Amounts on presenting the same for payment on the thirtieth such day;  
(c) 
in relation to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or similar Taxes; 
(d) 
in respect of amounts payable under the Senior Guarantee, to, or to a third party on behalf of, 
a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon who could fully or 
partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes by complying with the Issuer’s or the 
Guarantor’s request addressed to the holder or the beneficial owner to provide a valid 
certificate of tax residence duly issued by the tax authorities of the country of tax residence 
of the holder or the beneficial owner of any Senior Note or Coupon confirming that the holder 
or the beneficial owner is (i) resident for tax purposes in a Member State of the European 
Union (other than the Kingdom of Spain), or in a member state of the European Economic 
Area (other than the Kingdom of Spain) with which there is an effective exchange of tax 
information with the Kingdom of Spain and not considered a non-cooperative jurisdiction 
pursuant to Spanish law; or (ii) resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction with which the 
Kingdom of Spain has entered into a tax treaty to avoid double taxation, which makes 
provision for full exemption from tax imposed in the Kingdom of Spain on interest and within 
the meaning of the referred tax treaty; 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Senior Note, 
Receipt or Coupon who could fully or partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes 
by providing to the Issuer or the Guarantor or an Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor the information concerning such Noteholder as may be required in order to comply

--- Page 146 ---
Page 146 
with the procedures for the application of any exemption for Taxes by the relevant tax 
authority; 
(f) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Spain or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; 
(g) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the amended 
Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 (so-called Relibi Law); 
(h) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the regulations 
thereunder and official interpretations thereof, agreements entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant 
to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of 
such Sections of the Code (collectively, FATCA); or 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Senior Note to another Paying Agent in 
a Member State of the European Union.  
In addition, Additional Amounts will not be payable with respect to (i) any Taxes that are imposed in 
respect of any combination of the items set forth above and to (ii) any holder who is a fiduciary, a 
partnership, a limited liability company or other than the sole beneficial owner of that payment, to 
the extent that payment would be required by the laws of the relevant Taxing Authority to be included 
in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a member of 
that partnership, an interest holder in that limited liability company or a beneficial owner who would 
not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had it been the holder. 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than, or in addition to, The Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the 
Kingdom of Spain, as the case may be, references in these Conditions to The Netherlands, the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and the Kingdom of Spain, respectively shall be read and construed as 
references to The Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Kingdom of Spain, as the 
case may be, and/or to such other jurisdiction and, in the event that (and for so long as) the Kingdom 
of Spain is not the taxing jurisdiction of either the Issuer or the Guarantor, paragraph (d) above of 
Condition 8 shall no longer apply.  
9 
Events of Default  
If any of the following events (each an Event of Default) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Senior 
Notes then outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, subject to its being indemnified to its satisfaction, give notice to 
the Issuer that the Senior Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest:  
(a) 
Non-Payment: The Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Senior Notes 
or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Senior Notes, in each case on the due 
date for payment thereof and such failure continues for a period of 7 days in the case of 
principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or

--- Page 147 ---
Page 147 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: The Issuer or the Guarantor does not perform or comply with 
any one or more of its other obligations in the Senior Notes or the Trust Deed, which default 
is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the 
opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been 
given to the Issuer or the Guarantor by the Trustee; or  
(c) 
Cross-Default: 
(i) 
any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes due and payable 
prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default 
or the like (howsoever described); or  
(ii) 
any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor is not paid when due or, as 
the case may be, within any applicable grace period; or  
(iii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any 
present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any Relevant Indebtedness 
of any other person, 
provided that the aggregate of all such amounts which have become due and payable, as 
described in (c)(i) above, and/or have not been paid when due, as described in (c)(ii) and/or 
(c)(iii) above (as the case may be), equals or exceeds the greater of an amount equal to 
0.25% of Total Shareholders’ Equity and U.S.$50,000,000 or its equivalent (as reasonably 
determined by the Trustee); or  
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: A distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, 
enforced or sued out on or against the whole or any substantial part of the property, assets or 
revenues of the Issuer or the Guarantor and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days; or  
(e) 
Security Enforced: Any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or 
future, created or assumed by the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes enforceable against the 
whole or any substantial part of the assets or undertaking of the Issuer or the Guarantor and 
any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a 
receiver, manager or other similar person); or  
(f) 
Insolvency: The Issuer or the Guarantor is insolvent or bankrupt, stops, suspends or threatens 
to stop or suspend payment of all of its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any 
of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or 
substantially all of the debts of the Issuer or the Guarantor; or  
(g) 
Winding-up: An order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose 
of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation 
on terms approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or  
(h) 
Illegality: It is unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with any one or 
more of its obligations under any of the Senior Notes or the Trust Deed; or

--- Page 148 ---
Page 148 
(i) 
Analogous Events: Any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has 
an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs; or  
(j) 
Guarantee: The Senior Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full 
force and effect, provided that in the case of an event falling within paragraphs (b) to (e) or 
(h) to (j) the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion such event is materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders.  
For the purposes of this Condition:  
Total Shareholders’ Equity means the total shareholders’ equity of the Guarantor, as shown in the 
then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Guarantor.  
10 
Prescription  
Claims in respect of principal and interest will become void unless presentation for payment is made 
as required by Condition 7 within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date.  
11 
Replacement of Senior Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons  
If any Senior Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in London or at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, 
upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on 
such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the Guarantor may 
require (provided that the requirement is reasonable in the light of prevailing market practice). 
Mutilated or defaced Senior Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.  
12 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution  
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders (which may be physical or virtual meetings, including meetings held by 
conference call or on a videoconference platform) to consider matters affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these 
Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by 
Noteholders holding not less than 10% in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time 
being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal 
amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one 
person being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Senior Notes 
held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, 
inter alia, (i) to modify the maturity of the Senior Notes, or the dates on which interest is 
payable in respect of the Senior Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or 
interest on, the Senior Notes, (iii) to change the currency of payment of the Senior Notes or 
the Coupons, (iv) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, or (v) to modify or 
cancel the Senior Guarantee, in which case the necessary quorum shall be one person holding 
or representing not less than 75%, or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25%, in principal

--- Page 149 ---
Page 149 
amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting 
at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. The Trust Deed provides that 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in nominal 
amount of the Senior Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held. 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one of more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed which in 
the opinion of the Trustee is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and 
any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed which is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall 
be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable.  
(c) 
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to 
such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of certain 
other entities in place of the Issuer or Guarantor, or of any previous substituted company, as 
principal debtor or Guarantor under the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons and the Talons, provided that such substitution would not in the opinion of the 
Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and subject to such further 
conditions as set out in the Trust Deed. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee may 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the law 
governing the Senior Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed 
provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders.  
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee: In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but 
not limited to those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests 
of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise 
for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, 
nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or the 
Guarantor any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders.  
13 
Enforcement  
At any time after the Senior Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and 
without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor as it may 
think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, but 
it need not take any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in principal amount 
of the Senior Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified to its satisfaction. No

--- Page 150 ---
Page 150 
Noteholder, holder of Receipts or Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable 
time and such failure is continuing.  
14 
Indemnification of the Trustee  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and any other Subsidiary and any entity related to the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other Subsidiary 
without accounting for any profit.  
15 
Further Issues  
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Senior Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further 
issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of any series 
(including the Senior Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. 
References in these Conditions to the Senior Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) 
any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition 15 and forming a single series with the Senior 
Notes. Any further securities forming a single series with the outstanding securities of any series 
(including the Senior Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and 
any other securities may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by a deed supplemental to 
the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders 
and the holders of securities of other series where the Trustee so decides.  
16 
Notices  
Notices to Noteholders will be valid if published in a leading newspaper having general circulation 
in the United Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and (so long as the Senior Notes 
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that Stock Exchange so require), 
published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort) or, if in the opinion of the Trustee such publication shall not be practicable, in an English 
language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first 
date on which publication is made.  
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition.  
17 
The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999  
The Senior Notes confer no rights on any person pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Senior Notes, but this does not affect right or remedy of the third 
party which exists or is available apart from that Act.  
18 
Governing Law  
(a) 
Governing Law: The Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed

--- Page 151 ---
Page 151 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, other than (i) the provisions of 
Condition 2(b) which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg in respect of Senior Notes issued by Repsol Europe Finance 
and (ii) the provisions of Conditions 2(a) and 2(c) in respect of the Senior Guarantee, which 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of Spain. 
For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-1 to 470-19 of Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915 
on commercial companies, as amended from time to time, shall not apply. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons or the Senior Guarantee and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons or the 
Guarantee (Proceedings) may be brought in such courts. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts.  
(c) 
Agent for Service of Process: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has irrevocably appointed 
an agent in England to receive service of process in any Proceedings in England based on any 
of the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons or the Senior Guarantee.

--- Page 152 ---
Page 152 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, save for the text in italics and subject to completion 
in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Subordinated Notes 
in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the 
full text of these terms and conditions together with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms or (ii) these 
terms and conditions as so completed, shall be endorsed on such Subordinated Notes. References in these 
Conditions to “Subordinated Notes” are to the Subordinated Notes of one Series only, not to all Subordinated 
Notes that may be issued under the Programme.  
The Subordinated Notes are constituted by the Amended and Restated Trust Deed dated 10 April 2024 (as 
amended and/or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Subordinated Notes (the Issue Date), the Trust 
Deed) between Repsol International Finance B.V. in its capacity as an issuer, Repsol Europe Finance in its 
capacity as an issuer, the Guarantor, and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the Trustee, which expression 
shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the 
Noteholders (as defined below). References in these terms and conditions (the Conditions) to the Issuer in 
relation to the Subordinated Notes shall be deemed to be references to the Issuer (being either Repsol 
International Finance B.V. or Repsol Europe Finance) as so specified in the relevant Final Terms. These 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes 
the form of the Subordinated Notes, Coupons and Talons referred to below. The Amended and Restated 
Agency Agreement (as amended and/or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the Agency Agreement) dated 
10 April 2024 has been entered into in relation to the Subordinated Notes between Repsol International 
Finance B.V. in its capacity as an issuer, Repsol Europe Finance in its capacity as an issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named 
in it. The issuing and paying agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) 
are referred to below respectively as the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression 
shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), and the Calculation Agent(s). Copies of the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement are available (i) electronically upon request made to the Issuing and Paying Agent or (ii) 
for inspection during usual business hours at the principal office of the Trustee (presently at Agency & Trust, 
14th Floor, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB) and at the specified offices 
of the Paying Agents. 
The Noteholders and the holders of the interest coupons (the Coupons) and, where applicable in the case of 
such Subordinated Notes, talons for further Coupons (the Talons) (the Couponholders) are entitled to the 
benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are 
deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement and the relevant Final 
Terms.  
1 
Form, Specified Denomination and Title 
The Subordinated Notes are issued by the Issuer in bearer form (Subordinated Notes) in each case 
in the Specified Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final Terms, provided that in the case of any 
Subordinated Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of those Subordinated Notes). Subordinated Notes of one Specified Denomination may 
not be exchanged for Subordinated Notes of another denomination.

--- Page 153 ---
Page 153 
So long as the Subordinated Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Subordinated Notes will be tradable only in 
(a) if the Specified Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency), the authorised denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
and integral multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) thereafter, or (b) if the 
Specified Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency) and integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) in excess thereof, 
the minimum authorised denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and higher 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), notwithstanding that no definitive 
notes will be issued with a denomination above €199,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Subordinated Notes are serially numbered in the Specified Currency and are issued with Coupons 
(and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached. 
Title to the Subordinated Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. The holder (as defined 
below) of any Subordinated Note, Coupon or Talon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or 
loss) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.  
In these Conditions, Noteholder means the bearer of any Subordinated Note, holder (in relation to a 
Subordinated Note, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Subordinated Note, Coupon or Talon 
and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of 
any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Subordinated Notes. 
2 
Status and Subordination of the Subordinated Notes and Coupons 
(a) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes and Coupons: The Subordinated Notes and the Coupons 
constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer (senior only to Junior 
Obligations of the Issuer) and will at all times rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves. 
(b) 
Subordination of the Subordinated Notes: In the event of an Issuer Winding-up, the rights 
and claims of the Trustee and the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of or arising under 
the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons will rank (i) junior to the claims of all holders of 
Senior Obligations of the Issuer, (ii) pari passu with the claims of holders of all Parity 
Obligations of the Issuer and (iii) senior to the claims of holders of all Junior Obligations of 
the Issuer. 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect 
of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated 
Notes or the Coupons and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of being the holder, be deemed to 
have waived all such rights of set-off.  
In respect of Subordinated Notes issued by Repsol International Finance B.V., this Condition 
2(b) is an irrevocable stipulation (derdenbeding) for the benefit of the creditors of Senior 
Obligations of the Issuer and each such creditor may rely on and enforce this Condition 2(b) 
under Section 6:253 of the Dutch Civil Code.

--- Page 154 ---
Page 154 
In respect of Subordinated Notes issued by Repsol Europe Finance, this Condition 2(b) is an 
irrevocable stipulation (stipulation pour autrui) for the benefit of the creditors of Senior 
Obligations of the Issuer and each such creditor may rely on and enforce this Condition 2(b) 
under the article 1121 of the Luxembourg Civil Code. 
None of the Issuers or the Guarantor has any Preferred Shares outstanding.  
For so long as any of the Subordinated Notes remain outstanding, neither the Guarantor nor 
the Issuer intends to issue any Preferred Shares. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Amounts or Claims are losses, liabilities, costs, fees, claims, actions, demands or expenses. 
Junior Obligations means the Junior Obligations of the Guarantor and the Junior Obligations 
of the Issuer. 
Junior Obligations of the Issuer means all obligations of the Issuer, issued or incurred 
directly or indirectly by it, which rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated 
Notes, including (i) Ordinary Shares of the Issuer and (ii) Preferred Shares of the Issuer, if 
any. 
Ordinary Shares of the Issuer means ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer. 
Outstanding Hybrid Securities means the securities specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(if any). 
Parity Obligations means the Parity Obligations of the Guarantor and the Parity Obligations 
of the Issuer. 
Parity Obligations of the Issuer means any obligations of the Issuer, issued or incurred 
directly or indirectly by it, which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes including the Outstanding Hybrid Securities, if any. 
Preferred Shares means the Preferred Shares of the Guarantor and the Preferred Shares of 
the Issuer. 
Preferred Shares of the Guarantor means any series of preferred securities (participaciones 
preferentes) issued directly by the Guarantor or indirectly through a wholly-owned subsidiary 
with the guarantee of the Guarantor in accordance with Law 10/2014 (or any other law or 
regulation of the Kingdom of Spain or of any other jurisdiction applicable from time to time). 
Preferred Shares of the Issuer means any preference shares in the capital of the Issuer (and, 
if divided into classes, each class thereof) and, in relation to Repsol Europe Finance, means 
any shares in the Issuer which constitute “non-voting shares” issued in accordance with 
Article 430-9 of the Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as 
amended from time to time, and which confer a preferential right with respect to the 
reimbursement of contributions.  
Senior Obligations of the Issuer means all obligations of the Issuer, including subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer according to Dutch insolvency law, other than Parity Obligations of 
the Issuer and Junior Obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 155 ---
Page 155 
(c) 
Effect on Trustee: The provisions of this Condition 2 apply only to the principal 
and interest and any other amounts payable in respect of the Notes and nothing in this 
Condition 2 shall affect or prejudice any payment by the Issuer or Guarantor in respect of 
Amounts or Claims paid or incurred by the Trustee or remuneration of the Trustee or the 
rights and remedies of the Trustee in respect thereof. 
3 
Guarantee, Status and Subordination of the Guarantee 
(a) 
Guarantee: The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment 
of all sums expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Trust Deed, the Subordinated 
Notes and Coupons. Its obligations in that respect (the Subordinated Guarantee) are 
contained in the Trust Deed.  
(b) 
Status of the Subordinated Guarantee: Subject to mandatory provisions of Spanish 
applicable law, the payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Subordinated Guarantee 
constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Guarantor (senior only to 
Junior Obligations of the Guarantor) and, in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the 
Guarantor, they will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and senior 
only to Junior Obligations of the Guarantor. 
Pursuant to Article 435.3 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, subordination contractual 
arrangements shall be recognised in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor 
provided that such contractual subordination does not prejudice any third parties and the 
debtor is part of the relevant subordination arrangement. 
(c) 
Subordination of the Guarantee: Subject to mandatory provisions of Spanish applicable 
law, in the event of the Guarantor being declared insolvent (concurso) under the Spanish 
Insolvency Law, the rights and claims of the Trustee and the Noteholders against the 
Guarantor in respect of or arising under the Subordinated Guarantee will rank (i) junior to the 
claims of the holders of all Senior Obligations of the Guarantor, (ii) pari passu with the claims 
of the holders of all Parity Obligations of the Guarantor and (iii) senior to the claims of the 
holders of all Junior Obligations of the Guarantor. 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect 
of any amount owed to it by the Guarantor arising under or in connection with the 
Subordinated Guarantee and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of being the Noteholder, be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Junior Obligations of the Guarantor means all obligations of the Guarantor issued or 
incurred directly by it or indirectly through a wholly-owned subsidiary with the guarantee of 
the Guarantor, which rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Guarantee, 
including (i) any Preferred Shares of the Guarantor and (ii) Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor.  
Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor means ordinary shares in the capital of the Guarantor. 
Parity Obligations of the Guarantor means any obligations of the Guarantor, issued directly 
by it or indirectly through a wholly-owned subsidiary with the guarantee of the Guarantor, 
which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Guarantee (which

--- Page 156 ---
Page 156 
include the guarantees granted on a subordinated basis by the Guarantor in connection with 
the Outstanding Hybrid Securities). 
Senior Obligations of the Guarantor means all obligations of the Guarantor, including 
subordinated obligations of the Guarantor according to the Spanish Insolvency Law, other 
than Parity Obligations of the Guarantor and Junior Obligations of the Guarantor. 
(d) 
Effect on Trustee: The provisions of this Condition 3 apply only to the principal and interest 
and any other amounts payable in respect of the Notes and nothing in this Condition shall 
affect or prejudice any payment by the Issuer or Guarantor in respect of Amounts or Claims 
paid or incurred by the Trustee or remuneration of the Trustee or the rights and remedies of 
the Trustee in respect thereof. 
4 
Interest and other Calculations  
(a) 
General: The Subordinated Notes bear interest at the Rate of Interest from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4.  
Subject to Condition 5, interest shall be payable on the Subordinated Notes with respect to 
any Interest Period in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in each case as provided in this 
Condition 4 and the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest: Unless previously redeemed or repurchased and cancelled in accordance 
with these Conditions and subject to the further provisions of this Condition 4, the 
Subordinated Notes will bear interest on their outstanding principal amount as follows: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date, at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Initial Rate 
of Interest, each as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) (x) the Second Reset Date 
or (y) if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the date 
of redemption or substitution of all the Subordinated Notes, at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, commencing on the first Interest Payment Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) following the Interest Commencement Date, subject to Condition 5, if applicable. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Subordinated Note on the due date 
for redemption or the date of any substitution thereof in accordance with Condition 12(e) 
unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event 
interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in 
the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date.  
(d) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding:  
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all

--- Page 157 ---
Page 157 
Rates of Interest in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest 
Accrual Periods in the case of (y), calculated in each case in accordance with this 
Condition 4(d) by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) 
the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.  
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case 
may be.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country or countries (as appropriate) of such currency.  
(e) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any 
Subordinated Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate 
of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count 
Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Subordinated Note for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be 
the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions 
above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest 
is required to be calculated. 
(f) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall 
on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain 
any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for 
each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to 
the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Subordinated Notes that is to make a further calculation 
upon receipt of such information and, if the Subordinated Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other 
relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i)

--- Page 158 ---
Page 158 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the 
case of notification to such exchange or other relevant authority of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
If the Subordinated Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest 
and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 4(f) but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless 
the Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.  
(g) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below:  
Authorised Officer means any person who (i) is a director of the Guarantor or the Issuer, as 
applicable or (ii) has been notified by the Guarantor or the Issuer, as applicable, in writing to 
the Trustee as being duly authorised to sign documents and do other acts and things on behalf 
of the Guarantor or the Issuer, as applicable, for the purposes of the Trust Deed and the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Business Day means:  
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency and/or  
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a T2 Business Day) and/or  
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is 
indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Subordinated Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to 
but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual 
Period, the Calculation Period):  
(i) 
if Actual/Actual, Actual/Actual (ISDA), Act/Act or Act/Act (ISDA) is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) or Act/Act (ICMA) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, a fraction equal to “number of days accrued/number of days in year”, as such 
terms are used in Rule 251 of the statutes, by-laws, rules and recommendations of the 
International Capital Markets Association (the ICMA Rule Book), calculated in 
accordance with Rule 251 of the ICMA Rule Book as applied to non-U.S. dollar

--- Page 159 ---
Page 159 
denominated straight and convertible bonds issued after 31 December 1998, as though 
the interest coupon on a bond were being calculated for a coupon period 
corresponding to the Calculation Period; 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed) or A/365F is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if Actual/360, Act/360 or A/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 160 ---
Page 160 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
First Reset Date means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided, 
however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 161 ---
Page 161 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) (x) the Second Reset Date or (y) if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the date of redemption or substitution of all the Subordinated Notes. 
First Reset Rate of Interest means the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate 
plus the applicable Margin as specified in the relevant Final Terms, with such sum converted 
(if necessary) in line with market convention to a basis (e.g., annual, semi-annual, quarterly) 
equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the 
Calculation Agent). 
Initial Rate of Interest means the initial rate of interest specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.  
Interest Amount means (i) in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period, including any Broken 
Amount, specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date 
ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and (ii) in respect 
of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date.  
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Margin(s) means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Mid-Swap Rate means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in relation to 
a Reset Interest Determination Date and subject to Condition 4(i), the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date; and 
(iii) 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset Period, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, as or around the Reset Rate Time on such Reset 
Interest Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 162 ---
Page 162 
Subject to the operation of Condition 4(i), in the event that the relevant Mid-Swap Rate does 
not appear on the Relevant Screen Page on the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date 
(but is at other times generally displayed on the Relevant Screen Page), the Mid-Swap Rate 
will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Interest Determination Date. 
Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means, in relation to any Reset Period, the arithmetic mean of 
the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg (calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a 
fixed-for-floating interest rate swap in the Specified Currency which (i) has a term equal to 
the relevant Reset Period, (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market, and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (each as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent). 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate has the meaning specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Mid-Swap Maturity has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes and that is specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions.  
Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by 
the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of a leading independent 
investment, merchant or commercial bank that would be utilised, at the time of selection and 
in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant 
Reset Period. 
Reference Bond Dealer means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the advice of a 
leading independent investment, merchant or commercial bank), or their affiliates and 
respective successors, which are primary dealers or market makers in the market for securities 
such as the Reference Bond. 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at approximately the 
Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date, quoted in writing to the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent by such Reference Bond Dealer. 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reset Interest Determination Date (i) the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Interest 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Bond Dealer 
Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five, but more than one, Reference Bond Dealer Quotations

--- Page 163 ---
Page 163 
are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Bond 
Dealer Quotation is received, the amount of that quotation so received, or (iv) if no Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, in the case of the First Reset Rate of 
Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
the Reset Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date. 
Reference Bond Rate means the rate per annum equal to the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference 
Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price. 
Relevant Date means whichever is the later of: 
(i) 
the date on which payment first becomes due and 
(ii) 
if the full amount payable has not been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent or 
the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which the full amount having 
been so received, notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders.  
Any reference in these Conditions to principal and/or interest shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under these Conditions or any undertaking given 
in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and every Subsequent Reset 
Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reset Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day 
prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second 
Business Day prior to the first day of each such Reset Period.  
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period. 
Reset Rate means: 
(i) 
if Mid Swap is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Reference Bond Rate. 
Reset Rate Time the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means the percentage rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the basis of the Mid-Swap Rate Quotations provided by five leading swap dealers in the 
interbank market selected by the Issuer on the advice of a leading independent investment, 
merchant or commercial bank (the Reset Reference Banks) to the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent at approximately the Reset Rate Time in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date. If (a) at least three quotations are 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the

--- Page 164 ---
Page 164 
basis of the arithmetic mean (or, if only three quotations are provided, the median) of the 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest); (b) if only 
two quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of 
the quotations provided; (c) if only one quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate 
will be the quotation provided; and (d) if no quotations are provided, the Reset Reference 
Bank Rate for the relevant period will be equal to the last observable mid-swap rate for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency, having a term equal to the relevant Reset Period, which 
is displayed on the Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Second Reset Date means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided, 
however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
Subsequent Reset Date means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided, however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, 
then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Reset Date. 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the 
rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Interest 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable Margin as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, with such sum converted (if necessary) in line with 
market convention to a basis (e.g. annual, semi-annual, quarterly) equivalent to the frequency 
with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Subordinated Notes during the 
relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent). 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Subordinated Notes are denominated.  
T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system.  
(h) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long 
as any Subordinated Note is outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Subordinated Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing 
its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to 
act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer

--- Page 165 ---
Page 165 
shall (with the prior approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking 
firm engaged in the interbank market that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office 
or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid.  
(i) 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(i)(ii) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 4(i)(iii)). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(i) shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, 
pursuant to this Condition 4(i).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(i) prior to the date which is 10 
Business Days prior to the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest (or relevant component part thereof) applicable to the next succeeding Reset 
Period shall be equal to the last observable Original Reference Rate on the Relevant 
Screen Page, as determined by the Independent Adviser. Where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period 
(or Interest Accrual Period) from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period 
(or Interest Accrual Period), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Reset Period (or Interest Accrual Period) shall be substituted 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Reset Period (or Interest Accrual Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Reset Period only and any 
subsequent Reset Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment 
as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 4(i)(i).  
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component

--- Page 166 ---
Page 166 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(i)); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Subordinated Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
4(i)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be), the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the 
Issuer, shall determine the quantum of, or the formula or methodology for 
determining, the Adjustment Spread and such Adjustment Spread shall then be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the 
Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(i) and the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed/Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) 
and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(i)(v), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Trust 
Deed/Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed 
by two directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 4(i)(v), the Trustee shall (at the 
expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur 
if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon 
it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend 
the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(i), the Calculation Agent or 
any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser

--- Page 167 ---
Page 167 
in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 4(i) 
to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as 
applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(i)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Subordinated 
Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(i) will be notified at 
least 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer 
to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents. In accordance with 
Condition 15, notice shall be provided to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, 
as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(i); and 
(b) 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
(in either case) certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are 
necessary the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and 
without prejudice to the Trustee or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(i), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 4(i), the Calculation Agent shall

--- Page 168 ---
Page 168 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is 
not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to 
its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in 
the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so.  
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4(i)(i), (ii), (iii) and 
(iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 4(h) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
(vii) 
No Successor Rate, etc. if Reduction in Equity Credit  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(i), no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be 
applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in 
the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to (a) result in 
a reduction of the amount of “equity credit” assigned to the Subordinated Notes by 
any Rating Agency when compared to the “equity credit” assigned to the 
Subordinated Notes immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Benchmark 
Event from such Rating Agency or (b) otherwise prejudice the eligibility of the 
Subordinated Notes for “equity credit” from any Rating Agency or shorten the length 
of time the Subordinated Notes are assigned a particular level of “equity credit” by a 
Rating Agency. 
(viii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 4(i): 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser determines, following consultation with the Issuer, is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if 
the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied)

--- Page 169 ---
Page 169 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4(i)(ii) is customarily 
applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same 
Specified Currency as the Subordinated Notes. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(i)(iv). 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
(5) Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be 
deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market and such representativeness will not be restored; or  
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the 
case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the prohibition 
of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, 
on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or 
will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its

--- Page 170 ---
Page 170 
relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, 
and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents 
shall have any responsibility for making such determination.  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 4(i)(i). 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Subordinated Notes or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or, in each case 
any component thereof), as applicable. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(j) 
Publication of Rate of Interest: The Issuer shall cause notice of the Rate of Interest and the 
corresponding amount payable per Calculation Amount determined in accordance with this 
Condition 5 in respect of each relevant Reset Period commencing on or after the First Reset 
Date and the relevant dates scheduled for payment to be given to the Trustee, the Paying 
Agents, any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders, in each case as 
soon as practicable after its determination but in any event not later than the fourth Business 
Day thereafter. 
5 
Optional Interest Deferral 
(a) 
Deferral of Interest Payments: If Optional Interest Payment is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject as provided in Conditions 5(b) and 5(c) below, 
elect in its sole discretion to defer (in whole or in part) any interest payment that is otherwise

--- Page 171 ---
Page 171 
scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date in accordance with these Conditions by 
giving notice (a Deferral Notice) of such election to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 1516, the Trustee and the Paying Agents not more than 14 and not less than seven 
days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any such interest payment that the Issuer 
has elected to defer pursuant to this Condition 5(a) and that has not been satisfied is referred 
to as a Deferred Interest Payment. 
If any interest payment is deferred pursuant to this Condition 5(a) then such Deferred Interest 
Payment shall itself bear interest (such further interest being Additional Interest Amounts 
and, together with the Deferred Interest Payment, Arrears of Interest), at the relevant Rate 
of Interest applicable from time to time, from (and including) the date on which (but for such 
deferral) the Deferred Interest Payment would otherwise have been due to be made to (but 
excluding) the date on which such Deferred Interest Payment is paid in accordance with 
Condition 5(b) or 5(c), in each case such further interest being compounded on each Interest 
Payment Date. Any such Arrears of Interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Non-payment of interest deferred pursuant to this Condition 5(a) shall not constitute a default 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Subordinated Notes or the Subordinated Guarantee 
or for any other purpose. 
(b) 
Optional Settlement of Arrears of Interest: Arrears of Interest may be satisfied at the option 
of the Issuer, in whole or in part, at any given time (the Optional Deferred Interest 
Settlement Date) following delivery of a notice to such effect given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, the Trustee and the Paying Agents not more 
than 14 and no less than seven days prior to the relevant Optional Deferred Interest Settlement 
Date informing them of its election to satisfy such Arrears of Interest (or part thereof) and 
specifying the relevant Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date. 
If amounts in respect of Deferred Interest Payments and Additional Interest Amounts are paid 
in part: 
(i) 
all unpaid amounts of a Deferred Interest Payment shall be payable before any of the 
Additional Interest Amounts; 
(ii) 
a Deferred Interest Payment accrued for any period shall not be payable until full 
payment has been made of all Deferred Interest Payments that have accrued during 
any earlier period and the order of payment of the Additional Interest Amounts shall 
follow that of the Deferred Interest Payment to which it relates; and 
(iii) 
the amount of a Deferred Interest Payment or Additional Interest Amounts payable in 
respect of any of the Subordinated Notes in respect of any period, shall be pro rata to 
the total amount of all unpaid Deferred Interest Payments or, as the case may be 
Additional Interest Amounts accrued on the Subordinated Notes in respect of that 
period to the date of payment. 
(c) 
Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest: Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 
5(b), the Issuer shall pay any outstanding Arrears of Interest in whole, but not in part, on the 
first occurring Mandatory Settlement Date following the Interest Payment Date on which any 
outstanding Deferred Interest Payment was first deferred.

--- Page 172 ---
Page 172 
Notice of the occurrence of any Mandatory Settlement Date shall be given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15, the Trustee and the Paying Agents as soon as reasonably 
practicable prior to the relevant Mandatory Settlement Date. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Affiliates means an entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, 
controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Guarantor. 
Mandatory Settlement Date means the earliest of: 
(i) 
as soon as reasonably practicable (but not later than the fifth Business Day) following 
the date on which a Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event occurs; 
(ii) 
following any Deferred Interest Payment, on the next scheduled Interest Payment 
Date on which the Issuer does not elect to defer in whole the interest accrued in respect 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period; and 
(iii) 
the date on which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed or repaid in accordance with 
Condition 6 or become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9. 
A Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event shall have occurred if: 
(i) 
a Dividend Declaration is made in respect of any Junior Obligations or any Parity 
Obligations (other than in respect of any such dividend, distribution or payment paid 
or made exclusively in Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor); or 
(ii) 
the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries has repurchased, redeemed or otherwise 
acquired any Junior Obligations or any Parity Obligations, 
save, in the case of (a) any such Dividend Declaration or such redemption, repurchase or 
acquisition that is mandatory under the terms of any such Parity Obligations; (b) any Dividend 
Declaration in respect of any such dividend, distribution or payment by the Issuer to the 
Guarantor or any of its Affiliates, (c) any Dividend Declaration or repurchase which is 
required to be validly resolved on, declared, paid or made in respect of, any share option, or 
share allocation or share incentive plan, in each case reserved for directors, officers and/or 
employees of the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates or any associated liquidity agreements or 
any associated hedging transactions; (d) any purchase of Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor 
by or on behalf of the Guarantor as part of an intra-day transaction that does not result in an 
increase in the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor held by or on behalf of 
the Guarantor as treasury shares at 8.30 a.m. (Central European Time) on the Interest Payment 
Date on which any outstanding Deferred Interest Payment was first deferred; (e) any 
repurchase or acquisition of Parity Obligations that is made for a consideration less than the 
aggregate nominal or par value of such Parity Obligations that are purchased or acquired; (f) 
any repurchase or acquisition of Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor resulting from mandatory 
obligations or hedging of any convertible securities issued by the Issuer or the Guarantor; or 
(g) any repurchase or acquisition of Ordinary Shares of the Guarantor resulting from the 
settlement of existing equity derivatives after the Interest Payment Date on which any 
outstanding Deferred Interest Payment was first deferred.

--- Page 173 ---
Page 173 
A Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event shall not occur pursuant to paragraph (i) 
above in respect of any pro rata payment of deferred or arrears of interest on any Parity 
Obligations which is made simultaneously with a pro rata payment of any Arrears of Interest 
provided that such pro rata payment of deferred or arrears of interest on a Parity Obligation 
is not proportionately more than the pro rata settlement of any such Arrears of Interest. 
Dividend Declaration means the authorisation by resolution of the general meeting of 
shareholders or the board of directors or other competent corporate body (as the case may be) 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) of the payment, or the making of, a dividend or 
other distribution or payment (or, if no such authorisation is required, the payment, or the 
making of, a dividend or other distribution or payment). 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options  
(a) 
Redemption:  
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, as provided below, the 
Subordinated Notes are undated securities with no specified maturity date. The Subordinated 
Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the Issuer other than in accordance with 
Conditions 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(f)(e), 6(g) and 6(h). 
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Subordinated Note upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be the principal amount (unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms) and, upon early redemption of such 
Subordinated Note, shall be such amount specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred 
to below, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, then the 
Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice 
to the Trustee, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) and subject to 
Condition 6(h), redeem the Subordinated Notes in whole, but not in part, in accordance with 
these Conditions at any time, in each case at (i) their Early Redemption Amount (in the case 
of a Tax Event if the Optional Redemption Date falls prior to the start of the Relevant Period 
(as defined below)) or (ii) their principal amount (in the case of (a) a Withholding Tax Event 
or (b) a Tax Event if the Optional Redemption Date falls on or after the start of the Relevant 
Period), together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Optional Redemption Date means the date fixed for redemption of the Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 6. 
Relevant Period means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 174 ---
Page 174 
a Tax Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a Tax Law Change, in respect 
of (i) the Issuer’s obligation to make any payment of interest under the Subordinated Notes 
on the next following Interest Payment Date; or (ii) the obligation of the Subordinated Loan 
Borrower to make any payment of interest in favour of the Issuer under the Subordinated 
Loan on the next following due date for such payment, the Issuer or the Subordinated Loan 
Borrower (as the case may be) would no longer be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of 
interest paid when computing its tax liabilities in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, in The 
Netherlands or in the Kingdom of Spain (as the case may be), or such entitlement is materially 
reduced. 
Tax Law Change means a change in or proposed change in, or amendment to, or proposed 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Kingdom of 
Spain or The Netherlands or, in either case, any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, including, without limitation, any treaty to which the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, the Kingdom of Spain or The Netherlands is a party, or any change 
in the official or generally published interpretation of such laws or regulations, including a 
decision of any court or tribunal, or any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant tax 
authority that provides for a position with respect to such laws or regulations or interpretations 
thereof that differs from the previously generally accepted position in relation to similar 
transactions, which change, amendment or interpretation becomes or would become, effective 
after the Issue Date. 
Subordinated Loan means the subordinated loan specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms, made by the Issuer to the Subordinated Loan Borrower, pursuant to which the 
proceeds of the issue of the Subordinated Notes are on-lent to the Subordinated Loan 
Borrower. 
Subordinated Loan Borrower means the Guarantor or such other entity specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
a Withholding Tax Event shall be deemed to occur if as a result of a Tax Law Change, in 
making any payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes or the Subordinated Guarantee 
the Issuer or the Guarantor has paid or will or would on the next Interest Payment Date be 
required to pay Additional Amounts in respect of the Subordinated Notes or the Subordinated 
Guarantee that cannot be avoided by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, taking 
measures reasonably available to it. 
(d) 
Redemption for Accounting Reasons: If Accounting Event is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, and immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, 
an Accounting Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having 
given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Trustee, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders, or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms and subject to Condition 6(h), redeem the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with these Conditions in whole, but not in part, at any time, 
in each case (i) at their Early Redemption Amount if the Optional Redemption Date falls 
before the start of the Relevant Period, or (ii) at their principal amount if the Optional 
Redemption Date falls on or after the start of the Relevant Period, together with any accrued 
and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding

--- Page 175 ---
Page 175 
Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated 
Notes. 
The Issuer may notify the Trustee, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, 
the Noteholders, the redemption of the Subordinated Notes as a result of the occurrence of an 
Accounting Event from (and including) the Accounting Event Adoption Date. 
As used in these Conditions: 
an Accounting Event shall be deemed to occur if the Issuer or the Guarantor has received, 
and notified the Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 that it has so 
received, a letter or report of a recognised accountancy firm of international standing, stating 
that, as a result of a change in the accounting principles or rules or methodology (or in each 
case the application thereof) after the Issue Date (the earlier of such date on which (i) such 
change is officially announced in respect of IFRS-EU (or any other accounting standards that 
may replace IFRS-EU) or (ii) officially adopted or put into practice, the Accounting Event 
Adoption Date), the Subordinated Notes may not or may no longer be recorded as “equity” 
in full in any of the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements pursuant to IFRS-EU or 
any other accounting standards that may replace IFRS-EU for the purposes of preparing the 
annual, semi-annual or quarterly consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor. The 
Accounting Event shall be deemed to have occurred on the Accounting Event Adoption Date 
notwithstanding any later effective date. 
IFRS-EU means International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European 
Union. 
Redemption for Rating Reasons: If Capital Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable and immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a 
Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not 
less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Trustee, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders, or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and subject to Condition 6(h), redeem the Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with these Conditions in whole, but not in part, at any time, in each case 
(i) at their Early Redemption Amount if the Optional Redemption Date falls before the start 
of the Relevant Period, or (ii) at their principal amount if the Optional Redemption Date falls 
on or after the start of the Relevant Period, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up 
to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. 
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes,  
As used in these Conditions: 
a Capital Event shall be deemed to occur if the Issuer or the Guarantor (directly or via 
publication by such Rating Agency) has received, and notified the Trustee and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 that it has so received, confirmation from any 
Rating Agency that, due to any amendment to, clarification of, or change in hybrid capital 
methodology or a change in the interpretation thereof, in each case occurring or becoming 
effective after the Issue Date (i) all or any of the Subordinated Notes will no longer be eligible 
(or if the Subordinated Notes have been partially or fully refinanced since the Issue Date and 
are no longer eligible for “equity credit” from such Rating Agency in part or in full as a result,

--- Page 176 ---
Page 176 
all or any of the Subordinated Notes that would no longer have been eligible as a result of 
such amendment, clarification, change in hybrid capital methodology or change in the 
interpretation had they not been refinanced) for the same or a higher amount of “equity credit” 
(or such other nomenclature that the relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the 
degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) attributed to 
the Subordinated Notes at the Issue Date (or, if “equity credit” is not assigned to the 
Subordinated Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date on which 
“equity credit” is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time) or (ii) the length of time 
the Subordinated Notes are assigned a particular level of “equity credit” by that Rating 
Agency would be shortened as compared to the length of time they would have been assigned 
that level of “equity credit” by that Rating Agency at the Issue Date (or, if “equity credit” is 
not assigned to the Subordinated Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at 
the date on which “equity credit” is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time). 
Rating Agency means any of the following: (a) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P); 
(b) Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s); (c) Fitch Ratings Ireland Spanish Branch, 
Sucursal en España (Fitch Ratings); or (d) any other credit rating agency of equivalent 
international standing specified from time to time in the relevant Final Terms and, in each 
case, their respective successors or affiliates.  
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Par Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Trustee, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, 
the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem the Subordinated Notes, in whole or in part, on any Par Redemption Date(s). Any 
such redemption of Subordinated Notes shall be at their principal amount or such other 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. 
All Subordinated Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the 
date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial 
numbers of the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn up in such 
place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
requirements. 
As used in these Conditions, Par Redemption Date(s) means any dates specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms and any dates falling within the Relevant Period. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If, immediately prior to the giving 
of the notice referred to below, a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase Event has occurred and is continuing, 
then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Trustee, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, 
the Noteholders, or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and subject to Condition 6(h),

--- Page 177 ---
Page 177 
redeem the Subordinated Notes in whole, but not in part, in accordance with these Conditions 
at any time, in each case at their principal amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption and any outstanding Arrears of Interest.  
All Subordinated Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the 
date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, a Substantial Purchase Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated Notes 
originally issued (which for these purposes shall include any further Subordinated Notes 
issued subsequently) is purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the 
Guarantor (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(j)). 
(g) 
Make-Whole Redemption: If a Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Trustee, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the 
Noteholders, or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
redeem the Subordinated Notes, in whole or in part, on any date (other than on any Par 
Redemption Date) (the Make-Whole Redemption Date) at their Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount (as defined below).  
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the serial 
numbers of the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn up in such 
place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
requirements. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount means in respect of any Subordinated Notes to be 
redeemed an amount, calculated by a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank or 
independent financial adviser appointed by the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount, and notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15, equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed and the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Subordinated Notes for the Remaining Term (in each case not 
including any interest accrued on the Subordinated Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date nor any outstanding Arrears of Interest) discounted to the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption 
Rate (specified in the relevant Final Terms) plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin 
(specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case of (x) and (y) above, any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date and any 
outstanding Arrears of Interest. 
Remaining Term means, with respect to any Subordinated Note, the period from (and 
including) the Make-Whole Redemption Date to (but excluding) (i) if the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date occurs before the first day of the Relevant Period, the first day of the

--- Page 178 ---
Page 178 
Relevant Period or (ii) if the Make-Whole Redemption Date occurs after the Relevant Period, 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
(h) 
Preconditions to Redemption, Substitution or Variation: Prior to serving any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 6 (other than Condition 6(e) and Condition 6(h)) or 
any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 12(e), the Issuer or the Guarantor 
shall: 
(i) 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Officers of the Guarantor 
stating that the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem, 
substitute or vary, as applicable, is satisfied; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Tax Event or Withholding Tax Event, deliver to the Trustee an opinion 
of independent legal or other tax advisers to the effect set out in (i) above; 
(iii) 
in the case of an Accounting Event, deliver to the Trustee the relevant letter or report 
from the relevant accountancy firm described in Condition 6(d); and 
(iv) 
in the case of a Capital Event, deliver to the Trustee the relevant confirmation from 
the relevant Rating Agency described in Condition 6(e). 
Any such certificate, opinion, letter, report or confirmation referred to in paragraphs (i) to (iv) 
above shall, absent manifest error, be final and binding on all parties and the Trustee shall be 
entitled to accept and rely on such certificate, opinion, letter, report or confirmation without 
liability as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of any such precondition to redemption or 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, and without further enquiry. 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Subsidiary may at any time purchase 
Subordinated Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price (provided that they are 
purchased together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating to them). 
The Subordinated Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any other Subsidiary, shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders 
and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings 
of the Noteholders or for the purposes of Conditions 9 and 12(a). 
In these Conditions, Subsidiary means any entity of which the Guarantor has control and 
“control” for the purpose of this definition means the beneficial ownership whether direct or 
indirect of the majority of the issued share capital or the right to direct the management and 
policies of such entity, whether by the ownership of share capital, contract or otherwise. A 
certificate executed by any two Authorised Officers of the Guarantor listing the entities that 
are Subsidiaries at any time shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
on all parties. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Subordinated Notes so redeemed or purchased (other than, at the discretion 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other Subsidiary, as applicable, those purchased pursuant 
to Condition 6(i) above) and any unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons attached 
to or surrendered with them will be surrendered for cancellation by surrendering to the Issuing

--- Page 179 ---
Page 179 
and Paying Agent and may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in respect of any such Subordinated Notes shall be discharged. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Payments of Principal and Interest: Payments of principal and interest shall be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Subordinated Notes (in the case of all 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(e)(iv)) or 
Coupons, as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, 
by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a bank in the principal financial 
centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2.  
(b) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Subordinated Notes 
are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer 
shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States and its 
possessions with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Subordinated Notes in the manner provided above when due, 
(ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and 
(iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.  
(c) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable 
fiscal or other laws and regulations (including all laws and regulations to which the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or their Agents agree to be subject) but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.  
(d) 
Appointment of Agents: The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor and their respective 
specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time with the prior written approval of the 
Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) one or 
more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having 
specified offices in at least two major European cities (including Luxembourg) so long as the 
Subordinated Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and (iv) such other agents 
as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes 
may be listed in each case, as approved by the Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York 
City in respect of any Subordinated Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances 
described in paragraph (b) above.

--- Page 180 ---
Page 180 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders.  
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons:  
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Subordinated Notes, they should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing 
which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in 
the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total 
principal due) shall be deducted from the Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10).  
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Subordinated Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Subordinated Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon.  
(iii) 
Where any Subordinated Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are 
to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Subordinated Notes is 
presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any 
Subordinated Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity 
as the Issuer may require.  
(iv) 
If the due date for redemption of any Subordinated Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Subordinated Note.  
(f) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Subordinated Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon 
sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Paying Agents in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10).  
(g) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Subordinated Note or Coupon 
is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, business day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in 
such jurisdictions as shall be specified as Financial Centre(s) in the relevant Final Terms 
and:  
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which

--- Page 181 ---
Page 181 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency or  
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day.  
8 
Taxation 
Where the Issuer is Repsol International Finance B.V. 
The provisions of the following paragraphs of this Condition 8(a) shall only apply where the 
Issuer is Repsol International Finance B.V. 
(a) 
Additional Amounts: All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons or under the 
Subordinated Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges (collectively, Taxes) 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within The 
Netherlands, or the Kingdom of Spain or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
(each a Taxing Authority) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts 
(Additional Amounts) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Noteholders and Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of Taxes shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been received in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction of Taxes; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any payment in respect of a Subordinated Note or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the 
Subordinated Guarantee: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any 
Subordinated Note or Coupon who is liable for Taxes in respect of such Subordinated 
Note or Coupon by reason of them having some connection with The Netherlands or 
the Kingdom of Spain other than the mere holding of the Subordinated Note or 
Coupon; 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the relevant holder or the beneficial owner thereof would have been entitled to 
such Additional Amounts on presenting the same for payment on the thirtieth such 
day;  
(iii) 
in relation to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or similar Taxes; 
(iv) 
in respect of amounts payable under the Subordinated Guarantee and while the Notes 
are represented by Definitive Securities, to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder 
or to the beneficial owner of any Subordinated Note or Coupon who could fully or 
partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes by complying with the Issuer’s 
or the Guarantor’s request addressed to the holder or the beneficial owner to provide 
a valid certificate of tax residence duly issued by the tax authorities of the country of 
tax residence of the holder or the beneficial owner of any Subordinated Note or 
Coupon confirming that the holder or the beneficial owner is (A) resident for tax

--- Page 182 ---
Page 182 
purposes in a Member State of the European Union (other than the Kingdom of 
Spain), or in a member state of the European Economic Area (other than the Kingdom 
of Spain) with which there is an effective exchange of tax information with the 
Kingdom of Spain and not considered a non-cooperative jurisdiction pursuant to 
Spanish law; or (B) resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction with which the Kingdom 
of Spain has entered into a tax treaty to avoid double taxation, which makes provision 
for full exemption from tax imposed in the Kingdom of Spain on interest and within 
the meaning of the referred tax treaty;  
(v) 
while the Notes are represented by Global Notes and the Global Notes are deposited 
with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to, or to a 
third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Subordinated Note 
or Coupon who could fully or partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes 
by providing to the Issuer or the Guarantor or an Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor the information concerning such Noteholder as may be required in 
order to comply with the procedures for the application of any exemption for Taxes 
by the relevant tax authority (including for the avoidance of doubt if the Guarantor 
does not receive in a timely manner a duly executed and completed certificate from 
the Paying Agent, pursuant to Law 10/2014, and Royal Decree 1065/2007, as 
amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July, and any implementing legislation or 
regulation);  
(vi) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Spain, or The Netherlands; 
(vii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); 
(viii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), 
the regulations thereunder and official interpretations thereof, agreements entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules 
or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (collectively, 
FATCA); or 
(ix) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Subordinated Note to 
another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union.  
In addition, Additional Amounts will not be payable with respect to (A) any Taxes that are 
imposed in respect of any combination of the items set forth above and to (B) any holder who 
is a fiduciary, a partnership, a limited liability company or other than the sole beneficial owner 
of that payment, to the extent that payment would be required by the laws of the relevant 
Taxing Authority to be included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor 
with respect to the fiduciary, a member of that partnership, an interest holder in that limited 
liability company or a beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to the Additional 
Amounts had it been the holder.

--- Page 183 ---
Page 183 
Where the Issuer is Repsol Europe Finance 
The provisions of the following paragraphs of this Condition 8(a) shall only apply where the 
Issuer is Repsol Europe Finance 
(a) 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons or under the Subordinated Guarantee shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges (collectively, Taxes) of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the 
Kingdom of Spain or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, (each a Taxing 
Authority) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts 
(Additional Amounts) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Noteholders and Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of Taxes shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been received in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction of Taxes; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any payment in respect of a Subordinated Note or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the 
Subordinated Guarantee: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any 
Subordinated Note or Coupon who is liable for Taxes in respect of such Subordinated 
Note or Coupon by reason of them having some connection with the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg or the Kingdom of Spain other than the mere holding of the 
Subordinated Note or Coupon; 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the relevant holder or the beneficial owner thereof would have been entitled to 
such Additional Amounts on presenting the same for payment on the thirtieth such 
day;  
(iii) 
in relation to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or similar Taxes; 
(iv) 
in respect of amounts payable under the Subordinated Guarantee and while the Notes 
are represented by Definitive Securities, to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder 
or to the beneficial owner of any Subordinated Note or Coupon who could fully or 
partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes by complying with the Issuer’s 
or the Guarantor’s request addressed to the holder or the beneficial owner to provide 
a valid certificate of tax residence duly issued by the tax authorities of the country of 
tax residence of the holder or the beneficial owner of any Subordinated Note or 
Coupon confirming that the holder or the beneficial owner is (i) resident for tax 
purposes in a Member State of the European Union (other than the Kingdom of 
Spain), or in a member state of the European Economic Area (other than the Kingdom 
of Spain) with which there is an effective exchange of tax information with the 
Kingdom of Spain and not considered a non-cooperative jurisdiction pursuant to 
Spanish law; or (ii) resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction with which the Kingdom 
of Spain has entered into a tax treaty to avoid double taxation, which makes provision

--- Page 184 ---
Page 184 
for full exemption from tax imposed in the Kingdom of Spain on interest and within 
the meaning of the referred tax treaty;  
(v) 
while the Notes are represented by Global Notes and the Global Notes are deposited 
with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to, or to a 
third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Subordinated Note 
or Coupon who could fully or partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes 
by providing to the Issuer or the Guarantor or an Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor the information concerning such Noteholder as may be required in 
order to comply with the procedures for the application of any exemption for Taxes 
by the relevant tax authority (including for the avoidance of doubt if the Guarantor 
does not receive in a timely manner a duly executed and completed certificate from 
the Paying Agent, pursuant to Law 10/2014, and Royal Decree 1065/2007, as 
amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July, and any implementing legislation or 
regulation); 
(vi) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Spain or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; 
(vii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the amended 
Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 (so-called Relibi Law); 
(viii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), 
the regulations thereunder and official interpretations thereof, agreements entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules 
or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (collectively, 
FATCA); or 
(ix) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Subordinated Note to 
another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union.  
In addition, Additional Amounts will not be payable with respect to (i) any Taxes that are 
imposed in respect of any combination of the items set forth above and to (ii) any holder who 
is a fiduciary, a partnership, a limited liability company or other than the sole beneficial owner 
of that payment, to the extent that payment would be required by the laws of the relevant 
Taxing Authority to be included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor 
with respect to the fiduciary, a member of that partnership, an interest holder in that limited 
liability company or a beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to the Additional 
Amounts had it been the holder. 
(b) 
Definitions: References in these Conditions to (i) principal shall be deemed to include all 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 or any amendment or 
supplement to it; (ii) interest shall be deemed to include all Arrears of Interest and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it; and (iii) 
principal and/or interest shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts.

--- Page 185 ---
Page 185 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than, or in addition to, The Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
or the Kingdom of Spain, as the case may be, references in these Conditions to The 
Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Kingdom of Spain, respectively shall 
be read and construed as references to The Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or 
the Kingdom of Spain, as the case may be, and/or to such other jurisdiction and, in the event 
that (and for so long as) the Kingdom of Spain is not the taxing jurisdiction of either the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, paragraph (iv) of Condition 8(a) shall no longer apply. 
(c) 
Substitute Taxing Jurisdiction: If, pursuant to the Issuer’s option under Condition 12(e), the 
Subordinated Notes are exchanged for new securities of any wholly-owned direct or indirect 
finance subsidiary of the Guarantor that is subject to any taxing jurisdiction other than The 
Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Kingdom of Spain, respectively, 
references in these Conditions to The Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the 
Kingdom of Spain shall be construed as references to The Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg or the Kingdom of Spain, as the case may be, and/or such other jurisdiction to 
which the issuer of the new securities is subject to for tax purposes. 
9 
Enforcement Events and No Events of Default  
(a) 
There are no events of default in respect of the Subordinated Notes. However, if an Issuer 
Winding-up occurs, or, subject to mandatory provisions of Spanish applicable law, an order 
is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up, dissolution or liquidation of the 
Guarantor (except for the purposes of a solvent merger, reconstruction or amalgamation), the 
Subordinated Notes will become due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount, together 
with any outstanding interest accrued up to (but excluding) the Liquidation Event Date and 
any outstanding Arrears of Interest. 
(b) 
On or following the Liquidation Event Date, the Trustee at its sole discretion and subject to 
paragraphs (c) and (d) below may institute steps in order to obtain a judgment against the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor for any amounts due in respect of the Subordinated Notes, 
including proving and/or claiming in an Issuer Winding-up or in the winding-up, dissolution, 
liquidation or insolvency proceeding of the Guarantor for such amount. 
(c) 
Subject to paragraph (d) below, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer and/or, subject to mandatory provisions of 
Spanish applicable law, the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce any term or condition 
binding on the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes, the 
Coupons or the Subordinated Guarantee provided that in no event shall the Issuer, or subject 
to mandatory provisions of Spanish applicable law, the Guarantor by the virtue of such 
proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have 
been payable by it. 
(d) 
The Trustee shall not be bound to take any action referred to in paragraphs (b) or (c) above 
or any other action or steps under or pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes, the 
Coupons or the Subordinated Guarantee unless it has been so directed by (i) holders of at 
least one-fifth in principal amount of the Subordinated Notes then outstanding (as defined in

--- Page 186 ---
Page 186 
the Trust Deed) or (ii) an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) and, in each 
case, is being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
(e) 
No remedy against the Issuer or the Guarantor, other than as referred to in this Condition 9 
shall be available to the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders, whether for the 
recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or the 
Subordinated Guarantee or in respect of any other breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of 
any of their respective other obligations under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes, the 
Coupons, the Subordinated Guarantee or the Trust Deed. No Noteholder or Couponholder 
may proceed directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become 
bound to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing.   
As used in these Conditions: 
Issuer Winding-up means a situation where (i) an order is made or a decree or resolution is passed 
for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, except for the purposes of a solvent 
merger, reconstruction or amalgamation, (ii) in the event of Subordinated Notes issued by Repsol 
International Finance B.V. only, a trustee (curator) is appointed by the competent District Court in 
The Netherlands in the event of bankruptcy (faillissement) affecting the whole or a substantial part 
of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer and such appointment is not discharged within 30 days, or 
(iii) in the event of Subordinated Notes issued by Repsol Europe Finance only, the Issuer is in a state 
of bankruptcy (faillite), voluntary or judicial liquidation, moratorium or reprieve from payment 
(sursis de paiement), administrative dissolution without liquidation (dissolution administrative sans 
liquidation), general settlement with creditors, reorganisation or any other similar proceedings 
affecting the rights of creditors generally under Luxembourg law; and 
Liquidation Event Date means, in relation to the Issuer, the date on which the Issuer Winding-up 
first occurs and, in relation to the Guarantor, the date the relevant order is made or effective resolution 
is passed. 
10 
Prescription  
Claims in respect of principal and interest will become void unless presentation for payment is made 
as required by Condition 7 within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date.  
11 
Replacement of Subordinated Notes, Coupons and Talons  
If any Subordinated Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in London or at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, 
upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on 
such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the Guarantor may 
require (provided that the requirement is reasonable in the light of prevailing market practice). 
Mutilated or defaced Subordinated Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.

--- Page 187 ---
Page 187 
12 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, Issuer Substitution and Substitution and 
Variation 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders (which may be physical or virtual meetings, including meetings held by 
conference call or on a videoconference platform) to consider matters affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these 
Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by 
Noteholders holding not less than 10% in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the 
time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
one person being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes 
consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to modify the dates on which interest is payable in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or interest 
on, the Subordinated Notes, (iii) to change the currency of payment of the Subordinated Notes 
or the Coupons, (iv) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting 
of Noteholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, (v) to amend the 
provisions relating to subordination in Conditions 2 and 3, or (vi) to modify or cancel the 
Subordinated Guarantee, in which case the necessary quorum shall be one person holding or 
representing not less than 75%, or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25%, in principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at 
the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. The Trust Deed 
provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% 
in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid 
and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly 
convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one of more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed which in 
the opinion of the Trustee is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and 
any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed which is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall 
be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable.  
(c) 
Issuer Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, 
subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may 
require, but without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution 
of certain other entities in place of the Issuer or Guarantor, or of any previous substituted 
company, as principal debtor or Guarantor under the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons, provided that such substitution would not in the opinion of the

--- Page 188 ---
Page 188 
Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and subject to such further 
conditions as set out in the Trust Deed. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee may 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the law 
governing the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed provided 
that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders.  
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee: In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but 
not limited to those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests 
of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise 
for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, 
nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or the 
Guarantor any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders.  
(e) 
Substitution and Variation:  
(i) 
If Substitution and Variation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
determines that a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event or, to the extent specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, an Accounting Event or a Capital Event 
has occurred, the Issuer may, as an alternative to an early redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 6, on any applicable Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the Noteholders and subject to it having satisfied the Trustee 
immediately prior to the giving of any notice referred to herein that the provisions of 
this Condition 12(e) have been complied with: 
(A) 
exchange the Subordinated Notes into new securities (the Exchanged 
Subordinated Notes) of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any wholly-owned direct 
or indirect finance subsidiary of the Guarantor (a Substitute Issuer) with a 
guarantee of the Guarantor, or 
(B) 
vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes (the Varied Subordinated Notes), 
(such exchange and variation together, a Variation or Substitution) so that in either 
case: 
(I)  
in the case of a Tax Event, in respect of (I) the Issuer’s (or Substitute Issuer’s) 
obligation to make any payment of interest under the Exchanged Subordinated 
Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes; or (II) the obligation of the Guarantor to 
make any payment of interest in favour of the Issuer (or Substitute Issuer) 
under the Subordinated Loan (or any replacement thereof between the 
Guarantor and Substitute Issuer), the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Substitute 
Issuer (as the case may be) is entitled to claim a deduction or a higher 
deduction (as the case may be) in respect of interest paid when computing its 
tax liabilities in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, The Netherlands or in the 
Kingdom of Spain (as the case may be) or in the taxing jurisdiction of the 
Substitute Issuer (as the case may be), which deduction would not have been

--- Page 189 ---
Page 189 
available or would have been of a lower amount had a Variation or 
Substitution not occurred; 
(II)  
in the case of a Withholding Tax Event, in making any payments in respect of 
the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes or the 
Exchanged or Varied Guarantee (as defined below), the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the Substitute Issuer (as the case may be) are not required to pay any 
Additional Amounts or are required to pay lower Additional Amounts when 
compared to the situation where no Variation or Substitution had occurred; 
(III)  in the case of an Accounting Event, the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes (as the case 
may be) is recorded as “equity” pursuant to IFRS-EU or any other accounting 
standards that may replace IFRS-EU for the purposes of the annual, semi-
annual or quarterly consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor; or 
(IV)  in the case of a Capital Event, the aggregate nominal amount of the Exchanged 
Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) or 
following any relevant refinancing of the Subordinated Notes such part of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied 
Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) benefitting from “equity credit”, (or 
such other nomenclature that the relevant Rating Agency may then use to 
describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an 
ordinary share) by the relevant Rating Agency that is equal to or greater than 
that which was assigned to the Subordinated Notes on the Issue Date (or, if 
“equity credit” was not assigned to the Subordinated Notes by the relevant 
Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date on which “equity credit” was 
assigned by such Rating Agency), 
and the Trustee shall (subject to the following provisions of this Condition 12(e)) 
agree to such Variation or Substitution and for these purposes, the Subordinated 
Notes, these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Subordinated 
Guarantee may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to give effect to 
the foregoing without further responsibility or liability on the part of the Trustee, 
provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged to agree to any such Substitution or 
Variation or participate in, or assist with, any such Variation or Substitution if the 
terms of the proposed Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes, 
or the participation in or assistance with such Variation or Substitution, would 
impose, in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or 
the protective provisions afforded to it in these Conditions and/or any document to 
which it is a party (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) 
in any way. If the Trustee does not participate or assist as provided above, the Issuer 
may redeem the Subordinated Notes as provided in Condition 6. 
(ii) 
Any Variation or Substitution shall be subject to the following conditions:

--- Page 190 ---
Page 190 
(A) 
the Issuer giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Trustee 
and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Issuer complying with the rules of any stock exchange, listing authority, 
quotation system or other relevant authority on which the Subordinated Notes 
are for the time being admitted to trading, and (for so long as the rules of such 
exchange, authority or system so require) the publication of any appropriate 
supplement, listing particulars or offering circular in connection therewith, 
and the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes 
continue to be admitted to trading on the same stock exchange, listing 
authority, quotation system or other relevant authority as the Subordinated 
Notes if they were admitted to trading immediately prior to the relevant 
Variation or Substitution; 
(C) 
the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes: 
(I) 
ranking at least pari passu with the Subordinated Notes if the 
Exchanged Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes were outstanding at the same time immediately 
prior to the Variation or Substitution; 
(II) 
having the benefit of a guarantee (the Exchanged or Varied 
Guarantee) from the Guarantor on terms not less favourable to 
Noteholders than the terms of the Subordinated Guarantee; 
(III)  benefitting from the same or more favourable interest rates and the 
same Interest Payment Dates, the same First Reset Date and early 
redemption rights (provided that the relevant Variation or Substitution 
may not itself trigger any early redemption right), the same rights to 
accrued interest and any other amounts payable under the Subordinated 
Notes which, in each case, has accrued to the Noteholders and has not 
been paid, the same rights to principal and interest, and, if publicly 
rated by a Rating Agency immediately prior to such Variation or 
Substitution, at least the same credit rating immediately after such 
Variation or Substitution by each Rating Agency (as the case may be), 
as compared with the relevant rating(s) immediately prior to such 
Variation or Substitution (as determined by the Issuer or Substitute 
Issuer and the Guarantor to the satisfaction of the Trustee using 
reasonable measures available to it including discussions with the 
relevant Rating Agency to the extent practicable), and otherwise 
containing terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the 
terms of the Subordinated Notes; 
(IV)  not containing terms providing for the mandatory deferral of interest; 
and 
(V)  
not containing terms providing for loss absorption through principal 
write-down or conversion to shares;

--- Page 191 ---
Page 191 
(D) 
no Tax Event, Withholding Tax Event, Accounting Event or Capital Event 
would occur immediately following such Variation or Substitution with 
respect to the Subordinated Notes, the Exchanged Subordinated Notes or the 
Varied Subordinated Notes; 
(E) 
the preconditions to redemption set out in Condition 6(h) having been satisfied 
and the terms of the exchange or variation not being prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders, including compliance with paragraph (C) above, as 
certified to the Trustee by two Authorised Officers of the Guarantor, having 
consulted with an independent investment bank of international standing, and 
any such certificate. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept and rely upon such 
certificate (without any further inquiry or any liability) as sufficient evidence 
of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in this Condition, in 
which event it shall, absent fraud or manifest error, be final and binding on all 
parties. However, a change in the governing law of the provisions of Condition 
2(b) to the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substitute Issuer, in 
connection with any substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 12(e), 
shall be deemed not to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; and  
(F) 
the issue of legal opinions addressed to the Trustee from one or more 
international law firms as to the laws of England and of the relevant 
jurisdictions of the Issuer, Guarantor and Substitute Issuer, as applicable, 
selected by the Issuer or the Guarantor and confirming (x) that each of the 
Issuer, the Substitute Issuer and the Guarantor (as the case may be) has 
capacity to assume all rights, duties and obligations under the Exchanged 
Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes and the Exchanged or 
Varied Guarantee (as the case may be) and has obtained all necessary 
corporate or governmental authorisation to assume all such rights and 
obligations and (y) the legality, validity and enforceability of the Exchanged 
Subordinated Notes or Varied Subordinated Notes. 
13 
Indemnification of the Trustee  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and any other Subsidiary and any entity related to the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other Subsidiary 
without accounting for any profit.  
14 
Further Issues  
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Subordinated Notes in 
all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further 
issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of any series 
(including the Subordinated Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of 
their issue. References in these Conditions to the Subordinated Notes include (unless the context 
requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition 14 and forming a single 
series with the Subordinated Notes. Any further securities forming a single series with the outstanding

--- Page 192 ---
Page 192 
securities of any series (including the Subordinated Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed 
supplemental to it shall, and any other securities may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted 
by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single 
meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other series where the Trustee so decides.  
15 
Notices  
Notices to Noteholders will be valid if published in a leading newspaper having general circulation 
in the United Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and (so long as the Subordinated 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that Stock Exchange so require), 
published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort) or, if in the opinion of the Trustee such publication shall not be practicable, in an English 
language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first 
date on which publication is made.  
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition.  
16 
The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999  
The Subordinated Notes confer no rights on any person pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Subordinated Notes, but this does not affect right or 
remedy of the third party which exists or is available apart from that Act.  
17 
Governing Law  
(a) 
Governing Law: The Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, other than (i) the provisions of 
Condition 2 which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg in respect of Subordinated Notes issued by Repsol Europe 
Finance or The Netherlands in respect of Subordinated Notes issued by Repsol International 
Finance B.V. and (ii) the provisions of Condition 3(b) and 3(c), and the corresponding 
provisions of the Subordinated Guarantee, which are governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with the laws of the Kingdom of Spain. 
For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-1 to 470-19 of Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915 
on commercial companies, as amended from time to time, shall not apply. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes, Coupons or Talons 
or the Subordinated Guarantee and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes, Coupons or Talons or the 
Subordinated Guarantee (Proceedings) may be brought in such courts. Each of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts.  
(c) 
Agent for Service of Process: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has irrevocably appointed 
an agent in England to receive service of process in any Proceedings in England based on any 
of the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Subordinated Guarantee.

--- Page 193 ---
Page 193 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the relevant clearing 
systems will be notified whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility and, if so, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to the Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any and all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes that are issued in CGN form may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the Clearing Systems) will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is an 
NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of both Clearing Systems. The records of such Clearing Systems shall be 
conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note and, for these purposes, 
a statement issued by a Clearing System stating the nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global 
Note at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant Clearing System at the relevant 
time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) be credited to the accounts of subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.  
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems  
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be) for their share of each payment made by the 
relevant Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global 
Notes, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against 
the relevant Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes or so long as the Notes are represented by such 
Global Note and such obligations of the relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such 
Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  
Exchange 
Temporary Global Notes  
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date:  
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description 
of the Programme—Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes (as 
defined and described below); and

--- Page 194 ---
Page 194 
(ii) otherwise, in whole or in part, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.  
In relation to any issue of Notes which are expressed to be Temporary Global Notes exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in accordance with options (i) and (ii) above, such Notes shall be tradable only in principal 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination. 
Permanent Global Notes  
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in part, for 
Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other clearing system (an Alternative Clearing System) and any such clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or  
(ii) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, 
in each case by the holder giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent of its election for such exchange. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes  
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that clearing 
system permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions for 
Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may surrender such 
Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent. 
In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the relevant Issuer will (i) in the case 
of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a 
Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure 
the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount 
of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or (iii) if the Global Note is an NGN, procure that details 
of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant Clearing System.  
In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Notes means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Notes for 
which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts 
in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). 
Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full 
of each Permanent Global Note, the relevant Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled 
and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.

--- Page 195 ---
Page 195 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days 
after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or, in the 
case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due, 30 days after that on which the notice 
requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located.  
Amendment to Conditions  
The Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes contain provisions that apply to the Notes that 
they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus. The following is an overview of some of those provisions:  
Payments  
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on 
any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be 
made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be 
made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, 
surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent 
as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each 
payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence 
that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is an NGN, the relevant Issuer 
shall procure that details of such payment be entered pro rata on the records of the relevant Clearing System 
and, in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
relevant Clearing System and represented by the Global Note will be reduced accordingly. Payment under 
the NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the relevant Issuer’s obligations 
in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant Clearing System shall not 
affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place 
of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “Business Day” set out in Condition 7(g) of the 
relevant Notes (“Non-Business Days”). 
Prescription  
Claims in respect of principal and interest will become void unless presentation for payment is made, as 
required by Condition 7 of the relevant Notes, within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 5 
years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date as defined in Condition 5(i) of the Senior 
Notes and Condition 4(g) of the Subordinated Notes.  
Meetings 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note shall (unless such Permanent Global Note represents only one Note) 
be treated as being one person for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, 
at any such meeting, the holder of a Permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of 
each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes.  
Cancellation  
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant 
Permanent Global Note.

--- Page 196 ---
Page 196 
Purchase  
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Subsidiary may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise at any price (provided that they are purchased together with all unmatured Coupons 
relating to them). Any purchase by tender shall be made available to all Noteholders alike. The Notes so 
purchased, while held by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any other Subsidiary, shall not 
entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for 
the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of Noteholders or for the purposes of Conditions 9, 12(a) 
and 13 of the relevant Notes.  
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the relevant Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the relevant Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a 
partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required.  
Partial Redemption 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes represented by a Global Note, the Notes to be redeemed 
(Redeemed Notes) will be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in their nominal amount, at their discretion), as applicable, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption (such date of selection, the Selection Date). The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the 
relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of the Senior Notes and Condition 15 (Notices) of 
the Subordinated Notes, as applicable, at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
Noteholders’ Options  
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the Permanent Global Note giving notice to 
the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set 
out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the 
notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been 
exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the 
same time, where the Permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent Global Note to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where 
the Global Note is an NGN, the relevant Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the relevant Clearing System and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those 
records will be reduced accordingly. 
NGN Nominal Amount 
Where the Global Note is an NGN, the relevant Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation 
or exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be entered in the records of 
the relevant clearing systems and, upon such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the 
nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.

--- Page 197 ---
Page 197 
Trustee’s Powers  
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Trust Deed, in considering the interests of Noteholders while any 
Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any information provided 
to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its 
accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note and may consider such interests, and treat such 
accountholders, as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note.  
Notices  
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing 
system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that 
clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required 
by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note, except that so long 
as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange 
so require, notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). Notices shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Specified Denominations 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and the relevant 
clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradeable as follows: (a) if the Specified Denomination stated 
in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), in the authorised denomination 
of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency) thereafter, or (b) if the Specified Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency) in excess thereof, in the minimum authorised denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency) and higher integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), 
notwithstanding that no definitive notes will be issued with a denomination above €199,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency).

--- Page 198 ---
Page 198 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (SENIOR NOTES) 
The form of the Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of 
non-applicable provisions and the completion of applicable provisions: 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Senior Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Senior Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore

--- Page 199 ---
Page 199 
offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the SFA), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Senior 
Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) 
and [“Excluded Investment Products”]/[“Specified Investment Products”] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products).] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE/REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V.] 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [222100TAWUOMRM7NNG09/5493002YCY6HTK0OUR29] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title and Type of Senior Notes] 
Guaranteed by Repsol, S.A. 
under the Euro 13,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 10 April 2024 [and the Supplement dated [●] to the Base Prospectus dated 10 April 
2024 which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Senior Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the offer of the Senior Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on [●] and is available for viewing on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [30 May 2014 / 22 September 2015 / 26 September 2016 
/ 4 April 2019 / 3 April 2020 / 7 May 2021] which are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus 
dated 10 April 2024 and are attached hereto. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the Prospectus 
Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 10 April 2024 [and the 
Supplement dated [•] to the Base Prospectus dated 10 April 2024 which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which 
are extracted from the base prospectus dated [30 May 2014 / 22 September 2015 / 26 September 2016 / 4 
April 2019 / 3 April 2020 / 7 May 2021]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the 
Senior Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus 
dated 10 April 2024 [and the Supplement dated [●] to the Base Prospectus dated 10 April 2024]. The Base 
Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●] [has/have] been published on 
http://www.repsol.com/es_en/corporacion/accionistas-inversores/informacion-

--- Page 200 ---
Page 200 
financiera/financiacion/repsol-international-finance/programa-emision-continua.aspx and [is/are] available 
for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable should be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
1. 
(a)         Series Number: 
[●] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(c) 
Date on which Senior Notes 
become fungible: 
[The Senior Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable with the [insert issue 
amount / insert interest rate] Senior Notes due [insert 
maturity 
date] 
on 
[insert 
date]/[the 
Issue 
Date]/[exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 28 below [which is expected to occur on or 
about [insert date]]]/[N/A] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●] 
5. 
(a)          Specified Denomination: 
€[●] and integral multiples of €[●] in excess thereof up 
to and including €[●]. No Senior Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above €[●] 
(b)           Calculation Amount 
[●] 
6. 
(a)           Issue Date: 
[●] 
(b)           Interest Commencement Date [●]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●]  
8. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Option 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Step Up Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(See paragraph 17 below) 
(b) 
Redemption Premium Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 201 ---
Page 201 
(See paragraphs 24, 25, 26 and 31 below) 
(c) 
CII: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
SPT[(s)]: 
 
(i)  SPT 1: 
      CII Target: 
[●] 
      CII Percentage Target:  
[●]% 
      Reference Year: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)  SPT 2: 
       CII Target: 
 
[●] 
       CII Percentage Target:  
[●]% 
 
Reference Year: 
[●]] 
(d) 
Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
     [SPT: 
      Scope 1+2 GHG 
Emissions Target: 
 
[●] 
      Scope 1+2 GHG 
Emissions Percentage 
Target:  
[●]% 
      Reference Year: 
[●]] 
(e) 
Renewable Energy Capacity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
      [SPT: 
       Renewable Energy 
Capacity Target: 
 
[●] 
       Reference Year: 
[●]]

--- Page 202 ---
Page 202 
(f) 
Renewable Fuels Capacity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
    [SPT: 
       Renewable Fuels 
Capacity Target: 
 
[●] 
       Reference Year: 
[●]] 
(g) 
Renewable Hydrogen Capacity 
KPI: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
        [SPT: 
       Renewable Hydrogen 
Capacity Target: 
 
[●] 
       Reference Year: 
[●]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] % Fixed Rate] 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR]/[SONIA] +/– [●]% Floating 
Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Senior Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [●][Insert percentage which shall not 
be less than 100]/[100]% of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [13/14] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [13/14] applies]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Change of Control Put Option/Put Event] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Make-Whole Redemption]

--- Page 203 ---
Page 203 
 
(See paragraph [18/19/20/21/22/23] below) 
13. 
Date approval for issuance of Senior 
Notes obtained:  
  
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% per annum [payable [annually / semi annually / 
quarterly / monthly] in arrear] on each Interest Payment 
Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]/[N/A]  
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Act/Act 
(ICMA) / Actual/365 (fixed) / Act/365 (fixed) / A/365 
(fixed) / A/365F / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(f) 
[Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year]] 
15. 
Floating Rate Senior Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (e) below] / [not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (e) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
(b) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (d) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (d) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Interest Period Date 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (e) below] / [not subject to any

--- Page 204 ---
Page 204 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (e) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(d) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
/[N/A] 
(f) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(g) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
(h) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Issuing and Paying 
Agent): 
[[●] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [EURIBOR]/[SONIA] 
- 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(j) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[●] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
- 
Reset Date: 
- 
Compounding: 
[●] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
[Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 205 ---
Page 205 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
- 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
[Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
(k) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable — the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first / last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using linear interpolation]] 
(l) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] % per annum  
(m) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] % per annum 
(n) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] % per annum 
(o) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Act/Act 
(ICMA) / Actual/365 (fixed) / Act/365 (fixed) / A/365 
(fixed) / A/365F / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
[Amortisation/ Accrual] Yield: 
[●]% per annum 
(b) 
[Reference Price: 
[●]] 
(c) 
[Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Act/Act 
(ICMA) / Actual/365 (fixed) / Act/365 (fixed) / A/365 
(fixed) / A/365F / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
17. 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 206 ---
Page 206 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Cumulative Step Up: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Step Up Margin: 
[(i) CII: 
SPT 1: [●]% per annum 
[SPT 2: [●]% per annum]] 
[(ii) Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions 
SPT: [●]% per annum] 
[(iii) Renewable Energy Capacity 
SPT: [●]% per annum] 
[(iv) Renewable Fuels Capacity 
SPT: [●]% per annum] 
[(v) Renewable Hydrogen Capacity 
SPT: [●] % per annum] 
(Include the above if “Cumulative Step Up” is 
applicable)  
[[●] % per annum]  
(Include the above if “Cumulative Step Up” is not 
applicable)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 207 ---
Page 207 
(d) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
20. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] days after expiration of Put Period  
(b) 
Put Period 
[●] 
(c) 
Put Date 
[●] 
21. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
(a) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
Period 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[As per Condition 6(f)]/[•] 
(b) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
22. 
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
23. 
Make-Whole Redemption 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[The yield to maturity on the [●] Business Day 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date of the [●] 
due [●] (ISIN: [●])]/[●] 
(b) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[●]% 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
24. 
Redemption Premium Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Cumulative 
Redemption 
Premium: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 208 ---
Page 208 
(b) 
Redemption 
Premium 
Amount: 
[(i) CII: 
SPT 1: €[●] per Calculation Amount 
[SPT 2: €[●] per Calculation Amount]] 
[(ii) Scope 1+2 GHG Emissions 
SPT: €[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[(iii) Renewable Energy Capacity 
SPT: €[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[(iv) Renewable Fuels Capacity 
SPT: €[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[(v) Renewable Hydrogen Capacity 
SPT: €[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(Include the above if “Cumulative Redemption 
Premium” is applicable)  
[€[●] per Calculation Amount]  
(Include the above if “Cumulative Redemption 
Premium” is not applicable)] 
25. 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Senior Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount (in the case where the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Option is applicable) [plus 
the relevant Redemption Premium Amount(s) in respect 
of each Trigger Event occurring (see Condition (a))] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount (in the case where the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Option is applicable) [plus 
the relevant Redemption Premium Amount(s) in respect 
of each Trigger Event occurring (see Condition (a))] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SENIOR NOTES 
28. 
Form of Senior Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on the Exchange Date]

--- Page 209 ---
Page 209 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]  
 
[Senior Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or 
other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation 
in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.]  
29. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
30. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
31. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Senior 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes]/[No] 
32. 
Details relating to Instalment Senior 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(a) Instalment Amount(s): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount (in the case where the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Option is applicable) [plus 
in respect of the final Instalment Amount only, the 
relevant Redemption Premium Amount(s) in respect of 
each Trigger Event occurring (see Condition (a))] 
(b) Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]/[N/A]. 
Signed on behalf of [Repsol Europe Finance/Repsol International Finance B.V.]: 
By: 
 ...................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of Repsol, S.A.: 
By: 
 ...................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 210 ---
Page 210 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(a) 
Admission to trading: 
Application [has been made] [is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Senior Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[specify other 
relevant market] with effect from [●] 
 
[Not applicable] (for unlisted Notes) 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[[The Senior Notes to be issued 
[have been/are expected to be] rated] /[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Senior Notes of this 
type issued under the Programme generally]]:  
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider) 
[[●]: [●]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Senior Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) (Insert one (or more) of 
the following options, as applicable) 
[[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EU 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA 
Regulation). A list of registered credit rating agencies 
is published at the European Securities and Market 
Authority’s website: www.esma.europa.eu. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is established in the EU and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) No. 
513/2011 (the CRA Regulation), although notification 
of the registration decision has not yet been provided.

--- Page 211 ---
Page 211 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is established in the EU and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA Regulation). 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is not established in the EU but 
the rating it has given to the Senior Notes is endorsed 
by [●] (insert legal name of credit rating agency), 
which is established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA Regulation). 
A list of registered credit rating agencies is published at 
the European Securities and Market Authority’s 
website: www.esma.europa.eu. [●] (Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating) is not established in the EU but is certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA Regulation). 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is not established in the EU and 
is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given to the Senior 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
[[●] (Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has been previously published by the 
rating provider)] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue/offer of the Senior Notes has an interest material to the issue. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they 
may receive fees.] [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Use of proceeds: 
See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 212 ---
Page 212 
5. 
Fixed Rate Senior Notes only – 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(c) 
FISN: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●], as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN.] 
(d) 
CFI Code: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●], as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN.] 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
relevant addresses and the 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s) and number(s) and 
address(es)] 
(f) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Senior Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Senior Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Senior Notes are capable of meeting them the Senior 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Senior Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend

--- Page 213 ---
Page 213 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(h) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●]/[N/A] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
(b)  
If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) 
(if any) 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(c)  
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(d) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2 / TEFRA C / TEFRA 
D / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 214 ---
Page 214 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (SUBORDINATED NOTES) 
The form of the Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of 
non-applicable provisions and the completion of applicable provisions: 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Subordinated Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for

--- Page 215 ---
Page 215 
offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the SFA), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the 
Subordinated Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018) and [“Excluded Investment Products”]/[“Specified Investment Products”] (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE/REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V.] 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [222100TAWUOMRM7NNG09/5493002YCY6HTK0OUR29] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [[●] Year Non-Call] [Undated Subordinated Reset 
Rate Guaranteed Subordinated Notes] 
Guaranteed on a subordinated basis by Repsol, S.A. 
under the Euro 13,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 10 April 2024 [and the Supplement dated [●] to the Base Prospectus dated 10 April 
2024 which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the offer of the Subordinated Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final 
Terms 
and 
the 
Base 
Prospectus. 
The 
Base 
Prospectus 
has 
been 
published 
on 
http://www.repsol.com/es_en/corporacion/accionistas-inversores/informacion-
financiera/financiacion/repsol-international-finance/programa-emision-continua.aspx and is available for 
viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable should be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
1. 
(a)         Series Number: 
[●] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
1 For any Subordinated Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 216 ---
Page 216 
(c) 
Date on which Subordinated 
Notes become fungible: 
[The Subordinated Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable with the [insert 
issue amount / insert interest rate] Subordinated Notes 
due [insert maturity date] on [insert date]/[the Issue 
Date]/[exchange of the Subordinated Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Subordinated Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 21 below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [insert date]]]/[N/A] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●] 
5. 
(a)          Specified Denomination: 
€[●] and integral multiples of €[●] in excess thereof up 
to and including €[●]. No Subordinated Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above €[●] 
(b)           Calculation Amount 
[●] 
6. 
(a)           Issue Date: 
[●] 
(b)           Interest Commencement Date [●]/[Issue Date] 
7. 
Interest Basis: 
[●]% Resettable Rate Subordinated Notes 
 
(see paragraph 13 below) 
8. 
Interest Deferral – Optional Interest 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9. 
Relevant Period: 
[●] [Any day falling in the period from (and including) 
[●] [to (but excluding) [[●])] 
(The first day of the Relevant Period must fall on or 
prior to the 10th anniversary of the Issue Date where 
cumulatively (i) the Issuer is Repsol Europe Finance, 
(ii) Par Call is applicable and (iii) Make-Whole 
Redemption is not applicable.) 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Par Call] 
 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Accounting Event] 
[Capital Event]

--- Page 217 ---
Page 217 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
 
(See paragraph-[s] [14/15/16/17/18] below) 
(Par Call and/or Make-Whole Redemption will always 
be applicable where the issuer is Repsol Europe 
Finance.) 
11. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
12. 
Date approval for issuance of 
Subordinated Notes obtained:  
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Resettable Rate Provisions 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum [payable [annually / semi annually / 
quarterly / monthly] in arrear] on each Interest Payment 
Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year  
(c) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]/[N/A]  
(d) 
Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap]/[Reference Bond] 
(e) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●] 
- 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
- 
Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate: 
[●] 
(f) 
First Reset Date: 
(g) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●] 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(h) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] % per annum  
(Specify different Margins for different periods if 
appropriate) 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] % per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] % per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Act/Act

--- Page 218 ---
Page 218 
(ICMA) / Actual/365 (fixed) / Act/365 (fixed) / A/365 
(fixed) / A/365F / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(m) 
Reset Interest Determination 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year]/[As per Conditions]  
(n) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(o) 
Reset Rate Time: 
[●]/[11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency] 
(p) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(q) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Issuing 
and Paying Agent): 
[[●] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
14. 
Par Call 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(Par Call and/or Make-Whole Redemption will always 
be applicable where the Issuer is Repsol Europe 
Finance and the Par Call Redemption Dates, and/or the 
Make-Whole Redemption Dates (as applicable) must be 
in that case such that (i) the first of any such date falls 
on or prior to the 10th anniversary of the Issue Date and 
(ii) each day following the 10th anniversary of the Issue 
Date constitutes a Par Call Redemption Date or a 
Make-Whole Redemption Date (as applicable.) 
(a) 
Par Redemption Date(s): 
[Specify dates] [Each Interest Payment Date following 
the Relevant Period] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
15. 
Accounting Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
16. 
Capital Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 219 ---
Page 219 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
17. 
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
18. 
Make-Whole Redemption 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(Par Call and/or Make-Whole Redemption will always 
be applicable where the issuer is Repsol Europe 
Finance and the Par Call Redemption Dates, and/or the 
Make-Whole Redemption Dates (as applicable) must be 
in that case such that (i) the first of any such date falls 
on or prior to the 10th anniversary of the Issue Date and 
(ii) each day following the 10th anniversary of the Issue 
Date constitutes a Par Call Redemption Date or a 
Make-Whole Redemption Date (as applicable.) 
(a) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[The yield to maturity on the [●] Business Day 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date of the [●] 
due [●] (ISIN: [●])]/[●] 
(b) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[●]% 
(c) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
19. 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption when applicable and/or 
other early redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
21. 
Form of Subordinated Notes: 
[Subordinated Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Subordinated Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Subordinated Definitive Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Subordinated 
Permanent Global Note]

--- Page 220 ---
Page 220 
 
[Subordinated Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Subordinated Definitive Notes on the Exchange 
Date]  
 
[Subordinated Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Subordinated 
Definitive 
Notes 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Subordinated Permanent 
Global Note]  
 
[Subordinated Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or 
other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation 
in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.]  
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
22. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Subordinated Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes]/[No] 
24. 
Outstanding Hybrid Securities: 
[●] (List those that are outstanding as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of Subordinated Notes) 
25. 
Subordinated Loan: 
[●] 
26. 
Subordinated Loan Borrower: 
[●] [Repsol, S.A.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]/[N/A]. 
Signed on behalf of [Repsol Europe Finance/Repsol International Finance B.V.]: 
By: 
 ...................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of Repsol, S.A.: 
By: 
 ...................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 221 ---
Page 221 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(a) 
Admission to trading: 
Application [has been made] [is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Subordinated 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[specify other 
relevant market] with effect from [●] 
[Not applicable] (for unlisted Notes) 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Rating Agencies: 
[As per Conditions] [●] 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[[The Subordinated Notes to be 
issued [have been/are expected to be] rated] /[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Subordinated Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]]:  
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider) 
 
[[●]: [●]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Subordinated Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) (Insert one (or more) of 
the following options, as applicable) 
[[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EU 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA 
Regulation). A list of registered credit rating agencies is 
published at the European Securities and Market 
Authority’s website: www.esma.europa.eu. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is established in the EU and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) No.

--- Page 222 ---
Page 222 
513/2011 (the CRA Regulation), although notification 
of the registration decision has not yet been provided. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is established in the EU and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA Regulation). 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is not established in the EU but 
the rating it has given to the Subordinated Notes is 
endorsed by [●] (insert legal name of credit rating 
agency), which is established in the EU and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA Regulation). 
A list of registered credit rating agencies is published at 
the European Securities and Market Authority’s 
website: www.esma.europa.eu.  
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is not established in the EU but 
is certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA 
Regulation).  
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is not established in the EU and 
is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given to the 
Subordinated Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EU and registered under the 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
[[●] (Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has been previously published by the 
rating provider)] 
[Replacement Intention: 
As at the date of these Final Terms, it is the Guarantor’s 
intention (without thereby assuming any obligation 
whatsoever) at any time, that it or the Issuer will redeem 
or repurchase the Subordinated Notes (or any part 
thereof) only to the extent that the amount of “equity 
credit” (as defined below) of the Subordinated Notes (or 
any part thereof) to be redeemed or repurchased does 
not exceed the aggregate amount of “equity credit” of 
the Replacement Securities (as defined below) sold or

--- Page 223 ---
Page 223 
issued on or prior to the date of such redemption or 
repurchase, unless:  
(i)the rating (or such similar nomenclature then used by 
S&P) assigned by S&P to the Guarantor is at least equal 
to the rating assigned to the Guarantor on the date of 
the most recent additional hybrid security issuance 
(excluding refinancings which do not involve a net new 
issuance of hybrid securities) which was assigned by 
S&P a similar “equity credit” and the Guarantor is of 
the view that such rating would not fall below this level 
as a result of such redemption or repurchase, or 
(ii)in the case of a repurchase or a redemption, taken 
together with other relevant repurchases or redemptions 
of hybrid capital of the Group, such repurchase or 
redemption is of less than (a) 10 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of hybrid capital of the 
Group outstanding in any period of 12 consecutive 
months or (b) 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of hybrid capital of the Group outstanding in 
any period of 10 consecutive years, or  
(iii)the Subordinated Notes are redeemed pursuant to a 
Tax Event, a Capital Event, an Accounting Event, a 
Substantial Purchase Event or a Withholding Tax Event, 
or 
(iv) the Subordinated Notes are not assigned any 
category of “equity credit” at the time of such 
redemption or repurchase, or 
(v)in the case of any repurchase, such repurchase relates 
to an aggregate principal amount of Subordinated Notes 
repurchased up to the S&P Excess Amount, or  
(vi)such redemption or repurchase occurs on or after the 
Interest Payment Date falling on or after [●]. 
For the purposes of the paragraph above: 
equity credit means the equity credit assigned to the 
relevant securities at the time of their issuance, sale, 
repurchase or redemption, as applicable (or such 
similar nomenclature used by S&P from time to time);  
Group means the Guarantor together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries from time to time;  
Replacement Securities means securities (other than 
the Subordinated Notes) sold or issued by the Guarantor 
or any subsidiary of the Guarantor to third party 
purchasers (other than group entities of the Guarantor) 
and which are assigned by S&P, at the time of their sale

--- Page 224 ---
Page 224 
or issuance, an “equity credit” that is equal to or 
greater than the “equity credit” assigned to the 
Subordinated Notes (or any part thereof) to be redeemed 
or repurchased at their time of issuance (but taking into 
account any changes in hybrid capital methodology or 
another relevant methodology or the interpretation 
thereof since the issuance of the Subordinated Notes); 
and 
S&P Excess Amount means the amount by which the 
aggregate principal amount of outstanding hybrid 
capital of the Guarantor and any subsidiaries of the 
Guarantor exceeds the maximum aggregate principal 
amount of hybrid capital for which S&P under its then-
prevailing methodology would recognise “equity 
credit” from time to time based on the Guarantor’s 
adjusted total capitalisation.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue/offer of the Subordinated Notes has an interest material to the issue. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they 
may receive fees.] [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Use of proceeds: 
See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(c) 
FISN: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●], as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN.]

--- Page 225 ---
Page 225 
(d) 
CFI Code: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●], as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN.] 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
relevant addresses and the 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s) and number(s) and 
address(es)] 
(f) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Subordinated Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
and does not necessarily mean that the Subordinated 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Subordinated Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Subordinated Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Subordinated Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Subordinated 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(h) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●]/[N/A] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
(b)  
If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 226 ---
Page 226 
 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) 
(if any) 
(c)  
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(d) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2 / TEFRA C / TEFRA D 
/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 227 ---
Page 227 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
The Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Kingdom of Spain, respectively, in 
connection with the update of the Programme and the guarantee relating to the Programme. The 
update of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the sole shareholder and the Board of 
Managing Directors of RIF, both passed on 4 April 2024 and by REF’s board of managers on 4 April 
2024. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Guarantor passed on 20 March 2024. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
Save as disclosed in “Description of the Guarantor and the Group—Legal and Arbitration 
Proceedings” on pages 85 to 89 of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuers 
or the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of 
this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
To the best of the knowledge of REF, there has been no material adverse change in its prospects since 
31 December 2023 (being the date of the last published audited financial statements) nor has there 
been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of REF since 31 
December 2023. 
4. 
To the best of the knowledge of RIF, there has been no material adverse change in its prospects since 
31 December 2023 (being the date of the last published audited financial statements) nor has there 
been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of RIF since 31 
December 2023. 
5. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, there has been no material adverse change in its 
prospects since 31 December 2023 (being the date of the last published audited financial statements) 
nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the 
Group since 31 December 2023.   
Legend Concerning U.S. Persons 
6. 
Each Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon having maturity of more than 365 days will bear the following 
legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of 
the Internal Revenue Code”. 
ISIN and Common Code 
7. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. 
The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) 
the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN), the Classification of Financial Instruments Code (CFI 
Code) and/or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 228 ---
Page 228 
8. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Documents on Display 
9. 
For so long as the Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus are outstanding, or for ten years 
following the approval of this Base Prospectus, whichever falls later, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection on the website of the Guarantor at www.repsol.com:  
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the guarantee relating to the Programme, the form of the Global 
Notes, the definitive Notes, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Articles of Association (Statuten) of RIF and the restated Articles of Association (statuts 
coordonnés) of REF; 
(iii) 
the by-laws (Estatutos sociales) of the Guarantor; 
(iv) 
the audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial 
statements and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (prepared 
in accordance with IFRS-EU) and the audited consolidated financial statements of RIF, including 
the notes to such financial statements and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 (prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU) and the audited standalone annual 
accounts of REF including the notes to such annual accounts and the audit report thereon, for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023 (prepared in accordance with Luxembourg legal and 
regulatory requirements relating to the preparation and presentation of the annual accounts) and 
the audited standalone and annual accounts of REF, including the notes to such annual accounts 
and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (prepared in 
accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation and 
presentation of the annual accounts);  
(v) 
the Annual Report 2023 of Repsol, including the audited consolidated annual financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023, which were prepared in accordance 
with IFRS-EU, together with the notes to such financial statements and the audit report thereon 
and the Annual Report 2022 of Repsol, including the audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of Repsol for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, which were prepared in 
accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the notes to such financial statements and the audit 
report thereon; 
(vi) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
or any other stock exchange;  
(vii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any Supplement to the Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus; and  
(viii) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuers’ request any part of which is included or referred 
to in this Base Prospectus.  
Copies of the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 2021 ISDA Definitions, as applicable, can be requested from 
the relevant Issuer where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 229 ---
Page 229 
Independent auditors 
10. The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries as of and for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, 
S.L. (members of the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas), independent auditors of the Group. 
The address of PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is Torre PwC, Paseo de la Castellana 259B, 
28046 Madrid, Spain.  
11. The standalone financial statements of RIF as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 
and 2022 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., independent auditors of 
RIF. The auditor signing the independent auditors’ report is a member of The Netherlands Institute of 
Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). The address of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is Fascinatio Boulevard 350, 3065 WB Rotterdam, P.O. 
Box 8800, 3009 AV Rotterdam, The Netherlands.  
12. The annual accounts of REF as of and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 have been 
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, independent auditors (Réviseur d’entreprises 
agréé) of REF. PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative is a member of the Luxembourg Institut 
Des Réviseurs d’Entreprises. The address of PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative is 2 rue 
Gerhard Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.  
Yield 
13. In relation to any tranche of Fixed Rate Senior Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Senior 
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the 
Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Senior Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Legal Advisers 
14. Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España de 
Sociedad Profesional has acted as legal adviser to the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English law and 
Spanish law; Linklaters LLP has acted as legal adviser to the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law, 
Luxembourg law and Dutch tax law and Linklaters, S.L.P. has acted as legal adviser to the Dealers and 
the Trustee as to Spanish law; Van Doorne N.V. has acted as legal adviser to RIF as to Dutch law (other 
than Dutch tax law) and Arendt & Medernach SA has acted as legal adviser to REF as to Luxembourg 
law; in each case in relation to the update of the Programme. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
15. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of RIF is 5493002YCY6HTK0OUR29. 
16. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of REF is 222100TAWUOMRM7NNG09. 
17. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is BSYCX13Y0NOTV14V9N85. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
18. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in lending, advisory, 
financing, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with 
Repsol and/or its affiliates and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which 
the Issuers and/or their affiliates operate. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary 
fees, reimbursement of expenses, indemnification and commissions for these transactions. Certain of 
the Dealers may also have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme,

--- Page 230 ---
Page 230 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuers and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage 
their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the 
future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of its business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of Repsol and/or its affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes 
(subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with Repsol and/or its affiliates routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to Repsol and/or its affiliates, as the case may be, consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in Repsol’s securities and/or in its affiliates’ securities, including 
potentially the Notes offered hereby. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of the Notes offered hereby. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph, the term “affiliates” 
includes parent companies.

--- Page 231 ---
Page 231 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF REPSOL EUROPE 
FINANCE 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF REPSOL INTERNATIONAL 
FINANCE B.V. 
11 rue Aldringen 
L-1118 Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
Koninginnegracht 19  
2514 AB The Hague (the Netherlands) 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR 
Calle Méndez Álvaro 44 
28045 Madrid (Spain) 
 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB (United Kingdom) 
 
LISTING AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION 
AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB (United Kingdom) 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS OF  
REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE  
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS OF  
REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société cooperative 
2 rue Gerhard Mercator,  
L-2182 Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.  
Fascinatio Boulevard 350  
3065 WB Rotterdam  
P.O. Box 8800  
3009 AV Rotterdam (the Netherlands) 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS OF THE GUARANTOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Torre PwC 
 Paseo de la Castellana 259B 
28046 Madrid (Spain) 
 
 
ARRANGER 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris (France) 
 
DEALERS  
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A  
Ciudad BBVA 
C/Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia – 1st floor 
28050 Madrid (Spain) 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A. 
Avenida Óscar Esplá 37 
03007 Alicante (Spain) 
 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid (Spain) 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 (Ireland) 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris (France) 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris (France)

--- Page 232 ---
Page 232 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia (Spain) 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB (United Kingdom) 
Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex (France) 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris (France) 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan (Italy) 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1 
20121 Milan (Italy) 
 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH  
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.World Trade Center, 
Tower One, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98  
 
1077 XV Amsterdam (The Netherlands) 
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris (France) 
 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris (France) 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS (United Kingdom) 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastraβe 12 
81925 Munich (Germany) 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English and Spanish law: 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer 
Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España de Sociedad Profesional 
Torre Europa 
Paseo de la Castellana, 95 
28046 Madrid (Spain) 
 
 
To Repsol International Finance B.V. as to Dutch law (other 
than Dutch tax law):  
Van Doorne N.V. 
Jachthavenweg 121  
1081 KM Amsterdam (the Netherlands) 
To Repsol Europe Finance as to the laws of Luxembourg:  
Arendt & Medernach SA 
41A, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2082 Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
 
 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
To the Dealers as to Spanish law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ (United Kingdom) 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid (Spain)

--- Page 233 ---
Page 233 
To the Dealers as to Dutch tax law: 
Linklaters LLP 
Zuidplein 180  
World Trade Centre Amsterdam 
1077 XV Amsterdam (the Netherlands) 
To the Dealers as to Luxembourg law: 
Linklaters LLP 
35 Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg)